Breaking the World with Gacha (and other Extreme Sports)
Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/73455341.
Rating:
Archive Warning:
Category:
Fandom:
Relationships:

Characters:

Additional Tags:

Language:
Stats:

Not Rated
No Archive Warnings Apply
F/M
One Piece (Anime & Manga)
Monkey D. Luffy/Adventure, Evan/Nami, Nami (One Piece)/Original
Character(s), Mugiwara Kaizoku | Strawhat Pirates & Original
Character(s)
Monkey D. Luffy, Roronoa Zoro, Nami (One Piece), Original
Characters, Usopp (One Piece), Sanji (One Piece), Other Character Tags
to Be Added, Or Maybe Not... Because Spoilers, Vinsmoke Reiju, Tony
Tony Chopper, Nico Robin, Nefertari Vivi, Franky (One Piece)
Self-Insert, Action, Adventure, Action/Adventure, Recursive Crossover,
Can Anyone Tell Me What The Fuck Recursive Crossover Means?, I
Don't Even Know If That's The Correct Term, Other Additional Tags to
Be Added, Gamer Reincarnation System, Chaos Gacha, Well... A
Custom Made One Anyway, Friendship, Chaotic Good, Isekai and
Transmigration, Fuck the World Government, Expeditiously
English
Published: 2025-10-31 Updated: 2026-08-17 Words: 333,192 Chapters:
52/?

Breaking the World with Gacha (and other Extreme Sports)
by ShinigamiMaster
Summary

What happens when an ordinary fan wakes up in the world of One Piece... with a Gacha
System that hands out random items and powers from across the multiverse? From Devil
Fruits to starships, nothing is off-limits... if the RNG gods allow it. Follow our intrepid SI as
he tries to survive, thrive... and possibly break the world.

Chapter 1: The Journey Begins
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

CHAPTER ONE

"Snkkt!"
I snort-inhaled as I jolted awake. I sat upright, not sure where the hell I was. I looked around,
and to one side, was a pine forest I was nearly within. To the other, I could see a rather
gorgeous port town. Upon closer inspection, I saw a rather ostentatious castle-palace
towering in the distance.
"Nowhere near Kansas, then." I quipped. "Lovely."
I went and performed a kip-up to get back on my feet… and immediately froze. 'Since when
could I do a damned kip-up?' I looked down at myself, and suffered a bluescreen. Last I
remembered, I was a rather overweight individual. Not exactly Lizzo, but fat enough. The
body I saw was… not overly impressive, but incredible compared to my old self. Rather well
fit, all told. I was no Alex Louis Armstrong, but it was pretty good. Not the same clothes
either, as I was wearing a loose fitting, slightly oversized white t-shirt, and black cargo pants.
I also felt… incredible. Fantastic, really. I suppose it could simply be due to my magically
improved health, but it felt like something else.
The latter was confirmed when I was startled by a holographic screen spawning before me
out of thin air.
Welcome, chosen! Due to your untimely demise occurring long before your time would
have come, you have been selected for transmigration to another world as
compensation.
"Oh, well that's really cool and all. Except, I'm sorry, I FUCKING DIED?"
Correct. You are advised not to ask any tedious hows and whys. Remembering one's
own death is a rather… unpleasant experience.
I considered that for a moment, part of me wanting to know more anyway. But if this 'system'
said I'd regret it, I better not press the issue. "Ok then, so what will you tell me? Location?
Special boons and whatnot?"
Of course. You have been resurrected in the world of [One Piece], that your original
universe saw via the manga/anime series, with a body more appropriately keyed to said
world's human standard.

So that was why I felt so fuck-mothering awesome, energized almost. One Piece's average
person is superhuman in comparison to back home. I mean, I'm certainly not complaining.
This feeling… I feel sorry that my family has to go on without me, but there's no way in Hell
that I'm going home, even if I did have a way back. Especially being in One Piece! One of
the most epic stories in manga ever told. One of the longest too, but worth it. I could do a lot
of good here, with what I know.
Before you ask, you have arrived just around a month, give or take, before Monkey D.
Luffy sets out from Dawn Island on his journey to become King of the Pirates. Giving
you some leeway, in case you choose to try and join his crew, to figure out a way to meet
them. As far as boons go, you have been randomly gifted a unique power.
Appropriately, this power can be referred to as The Gacha System.
As the name suggests, it functions similarly to a Gacha. Every so often, you will receive
the chance to roll a D20, and whatever number it lands on, you will receive the item
corresponding to that number from a list of 20. The items in question come from all
manner of universes, ranging from mostly mundane, to nearly godlike in power. Every
roll, you will receive one reroll if you wish to try for another item. If unused, you may
bank these rerolls for another time, up to three. For your first roll, you will be granted
three D20s, and 3 rerolls with them. Good luck, chosen, and godspeed!
With that, the screen winked out of existence. I took a minute to contemplate all that. Firstly,
a brief timeframe for if I chose to join Luffy and company rather than going my own way.
Honestly, I wasn't sure which I'd go for. I suppose it depends on my rolls between then and
now. Speaking of which, my new power. The ability to acquire potentially game breaking shit
that could alter the face of this world forever.
What else could I do… but smile.
"I… am gonna kick so much ass." I said, grinning like mad.
As if it were waiting for me, I felt a sort of mental ping, and another screen popped up.
You have earned an Item Roll!
​

1. Psychic Paper (Doctor Who)​
2. The Keystone of Bezel (Ben 10)​
3. Skeleton Key (Elder Scrolls)​
4. Booster Shot (Limitless)​
5. Fatherbox (DC)​
6. Boots of Hermes (God of War)​
7. The White Phial (Elder Scrolls)​

8. Cosmic Staff (DC)​
9. Durindana (Fate)​
10. Phase Oscillator (DC)​
11. Bag of Holding (DnD)​
12. The Queen Anne's Revenge (Disney's PotC)​
13. Grappling Hook (Just Cause)​
14. Ebony and Ivory (Devil May Cry)​
15. Fortress of Doom (Doom)​
16. Magic Lamp (Disney's Aladdin)​
17. Potara Earrings (Dragon Ball)​
18. Atlantean Key (DC)​
19. The Black Pearl (Disney's PotC)​
20. Power Ring** (DC)​

"Jesus Tapdancing Christ…" I exclaimed, my eyes dancing across the list.
There are so many good things on this list. Some I recognized, some not. The Fatherbox had
me scared shitless by the implications. Both the Black Pearl and Queen Anne's Revenge were
on the list, potentially giving me the opportunity to kick off my own journey in style. Ebony
and Ivory would be an excellent option for a weapon of choice. However, one in particular
caught my eye. The gods-be-damned POWER RING. Depending on which ring in particular
(Green, ideally), I could take an extreme jump in power level, even in this world. Hell,
weaponized willpower was already a thing, so one of those would fit right in. Actually, I
wonder if a Green Lantern could bypass Devil Fruit defenses like Haki could? I sure as hell
would love to find out! I decided not to waste any more time, and reached my hand out.
Three D20s made of what seemed to be hard light materialized in my palm, I closed my
hand, shook them vigorously, and tossed them. Two of them came to rest just a few feet from
me, but the last bounced behind a tree root. I knelt down, and checked one. As I saw it had
come up 3, a new window popped up.

Skeleton Key (Elder Scrolls)
Originally an artifact of the Daedric Prince Azura, it was stolen and co-opted by her
fellow Daedric Prince, Nocturnal. She would primarily use it to unlock and hold open
the Ebonmere, portal to her Oblivion realm of Evergloam. However, the Key has been
gifted to worthy champions before, implying she can temporarily copy it. The key
functions as a tool for "unlocking" all things, locks both physical and metaphysical. In
the case of traitorous Nightingale Mercer Frey, he used it to unlock his hidden potential
and enhance his luck.

Ooh, now that could be useful, in several ways. As if sensing my acceptance, the D20
transformed into the Skeleton Key, resembling its form from ESO. I pocketed the Key, and
moved to the other die. This one had fallen on 7.

The White Phial (Elder Scrolls)
A legendary bottle forged in the days when Skyrim was just starting to turn to ice. The
small container was made of the magically infused snow that first fell on the Throat of
the World, and possesses amazing alchemical properties. It is said that the Phial will
purify, amplify, and replenish whatever fluid is placed inside of it. Comes with a choice
of liquid to start (within reason)

Seems I'm on an Elder Scrolls streak. Not a combat-based item, but fantastically useful all the
same. As I accepted, the window changed, asking me to select the default liquid. I racked my
brains, trying to think of a solution to place within it that would be the most beneficial
without being unreasonable. In the end, I shrugged and went with 'Best Possible Elder Scrolls
Healing Potion'. The die then transformed into the small snow-white bottle, liquid inside
gently sloshing.
Pocketing the Phial, I went to look for the last one. Just beyond the tree root, I found the die,
and the number it had landed on. 5.

Fatherbox (DC)

FUCK THAT SHIT. I am not confident enough to mess with that thing until such a time as I
have appropriate countermeasures in place. Thus, I decided to take a reroll. Tossing the die, it
rolled for a few seconds, before coming to rest on 15.

Fortress of Doom (Doom)
A massive flag-station used by the Doom Slayer as his personal headquarters. It was
designed by the people of Argent D'Nur, around a core of Maykr technology, as a base
of operations for the Night Sentinels. One of the best features it comes with is the

Ripatorium, a simulation training arena, where you can practice ripping and tearing,
until you feel like you're done.

Huh. To be honest, I had never played the Doom games, originals or newer. Not out of dislike
or disinterest, I just never did, caught up in other games, other things. I had a fair knowledge
of Doom, and though I heard of the Ripatorium, the Fortress itself was unfamiliar to me.
However, I kinda wanted to save my other two rerolls for later, and having a cool, hi-tech
fortress sounded awesome.
I accepted, and the die… vanished? The fuck? I stood there for a moment, confused,
wondering where the hell my fortress was. As I thought to myself how I would even get to it,
my thoughts were interrupted by a portal springing open before me; an oval of swirling blue
energy that gave my insides a minor sense of… wrong-ness? I dunno.
"Well, this is convenient enough, I suppose." I muttered, biting the bullet and walking
forward through it. My vision went white for a moment before I was hit with… is that what
sterile air is like? Damn.
As I inspected where I had emerged, I couldn't help but chuckle in amazement. It looked like
I was in an observation room. Before me, a short flight of stairs led up to a platform in front
of the portal I'd stepped out of (which closed behind me), with a giant blue hologram of the
planet floating above it, flanked by what seemed to be two winged demon statues. How very
grandiose. Everything was varying shades of gray, made of rock and metal, with glowing
blue lights everywhere, including from torches. It was all very… gothic sci-fi castle-y. I
turned around and"Hoooly shit, I'm in space." I intoned, looking out the massive window at the very real, nonholographic planet below me. It reminded me of photos of Earth taken from the ISS back
home, meaning it was likely the same altitude. There were stark differences, however. I could
see the Red Line, the massive brown-red landmass circling the planet's assumed Prime
Meridian. Dividing the big blue belt of water that was the Grand Line, both of which
separated the rest of the world into four separate oceans. Magnificent.
It took me a while to finally break my gaze from the planet, choosing to explore the Fortress
further. One thing that I quickly discovered was that all but three paths were locked down.
One led to an elevator that would take me to the Ripatorium. Another went to some kind of
command center. The last door was directly across from where the portal formed, behind an
energy pillar, leading to some kind of an engine room. That guess came from seeing it had
workbenches, two giant cogs clunking away in the back, and what looked to be an inert
generator that had a big empty slot for some kind of power cell. So, to unlock the rest of the
Fortress, I'm gonna need to roll for the battery that fits there. Who knows how
long that'll take.
I returned to the viewport that showcased the planet below. As I gazed upon it, a world rife
with equal amounts of mortal perils and grand adventures. With my power at my disposal?

Anything was possible.
"Look out, world." I said, grinning like a loon. "Here comes Seidler D. Evan."

~BtWwG~​

It took me just over an hour of studying and finagling to figure out the operation of the portal
system. While I could open one from my location back to the fortress with a thought, I
needed to pick my destination from the controls when on the station. From the look of it, I
found that I could essentially go anywhere on the planet, even Fishman Island was well
within my reach. Well… almost anywhere. I did a quick check to see if I could open a portal
on Laugh Tale, and received an error sound for my trouble. It was just as well. I would never
have walked through it.
I decided to return to the same island I had arrived on, and do some recon at the port town
there, remaining as conspicuous as I could possibly be. I briefly had a heart attack when I
learned I was in Lulusia Kingdom, until I remembered that it wasn't due to be destroyed for at
least two to three years. Four, maybe, factoring in travel time. I snooped around, looking for
any opportunities to present themselves, but to no avail. I did end up making friends with
Moda, that one milk maiden from the cover story that saved Ace, and then he delivered her
letter to her Marine Chef parents. She's a good girl, I wish her the best. I don't fully recall
who does and doesn't survive the destruction, but I endeavored to return before it happens,
and portal out as many as I can.
Just outside of town, I wondered what to do with no obvious opportunities to take advantage
of, wondering if it was even worth it to stay here anymore. I mean, the people here are
wonderful and all, but I was on a semi-important time crunch. Then it hit me.
"Am I that much of an idiot?" I said, smacking myself on the head. "Could it really be that
simple, or…?" I reached into a pocket, and pulled out the Skeleton Key. It wasn't just a
universal key, like a keyblade without all the fun bits. Mercer proved this thing had some
broken potential. I had almost forgotten in all the excitement from the Fortress of Doom. I
took the thing, and pressed the tip of it to my forehead.
"I desire to unlock my hidden potential." I intoned. "Let my luck be uncanny, and my skills
forever sharp,and let me learn new ones like a sponge absorbs water." Thus, I turned the key.
Click
Aside from the unexpected sound of a lock opening, I received a feeling that I cannot

possibly describe, only that I knew what I did had worked. This was affirmed when later, I
went to observe an impromptu poker game, which I hadn't known the intricacies of playing
before. After a couple of hours observing the seasoned players, I fully understood the ins and
outs of poker, enough that I was confident that I could beat a master of the game. I honestly
couldn't wait to try actually learning something more usefulping
You have earned an Item Roll!
​
1. Zanpakuto; Hyorinmaru (Bleach)​
2. NZT-48 (Limitless)​
3. Expanded Suitcase (Harry Potter)​
4. Shenron Dragon Balls (Dragon Ball)​
5. No Face May King (Fate)​
6. Red Queen (Devil May Cry)​
7. The Veil (Harry Potter)​
8. Bushel of Golden Apples (Minecraft)​
9. Charmed Tent (Harry Potter)​
10. Moonblade (DC)​
11. Asauchi [Nameless Zanpakuto] (Bleach)​
12. Meta Nanites: Blue - Elemental Control (Generator Rex)​
13. Neuromods (Prey)​
14. Gokon Tekko (Bleach)​
15. The Divinity Machine (Doom)​
16. Dawnbreaker (Elder Scrolls)​
17. Flying Broomstick; Firebolt​
18. Eltonbrand (Elder Scrolls)​
19. Recycler Grenade Dispenser (Prey)​
20. Kusanagi (Naruto)​

I actually lost track of how long it's been. Couldn't be more than a few days, right? I steadily
got up, and made like I was going for a stroll, hopefully catching no undue attention or
anyone following me. Once I had myself situated away from prying eyes, I looked over the
list in earnest.
Well, I sure had my pick of weapons this time, now didn't I? In theme with the two Elder
Scrolls items I already held, Dawnbreaker was a neat weapon. A bit niche, though,
considering any undead were limited to Thriller Bark. Then there was Eltonbrand, the
evolved form of Goldbrand, if I recall correctly. Very powerful, flame enchanted, gold-hued
katana. Of course, If we're taking katana, let's talk about the goddamned Zanpakuto! On one
hand, Hyorinmaru, the strongest Ice-and-snow Zanpakuto, and a known factor. One with

some serious firepower behind it. On the other, the Asauchi. It would be a slow burn, but
eventually my soul would change it and be bonded with it, the Zanpakuto becoming a unique
extension of myself. Anything was possible.
The star of the show, however, was clearly the Shenron Dragon Balls. The fact that the Gacha
System has to differentiate at all means that the Namekian Dragon Balls are in here
somewhere too! Of course, it didn't matter all that much, as unless you can speak the
Namekian language, you can't make a wish on Porunga. I mean, I remember the exact phrase
to summon the ripped reptilian, but the rest of the language was a no go. I tossed my D20,
letting it roll to stop on 14.

Gokon Tekko (Bleach)

It took me a minute, but I remembered what this did. It was the device used by Shinigami to
forcibly evict someone's soul from their body. Like Rukia's glove, or Kisuke's ferrule on his
cane/Benihime's sheath. Not useful to me right now, but I had three rerolls to use, so let's see
what I can get instead. I tossed the die again, crossing my fingers, and watched as it finished
spinning and settled on 5.

No Face May King (Fate)
Robin Hood's hidden Noble Phantasm, magic clothing that erases any sign of the
wearer. This cloak's magical properties can allow it to conceal the wearer, with the hood
up, the wearers face is obfuscated and they can disappear into a crowd with ease. When
they will it, the Noble Phantasm erases all evidence of the user's presence.

Oh-hohohoo, baby. This thing has some serious use, on all counts. It may cost me an
offensive item, but who needs one when I can just vanish at will? I transformed the die, and
put the cloak on. 'Ooh, it may look slightly ragged, but it's soft, and quite comfortable too.' I
decided to test it out right away, throwing the hood up, and willing the cloak to work.
"Heya, Moda!" I greeted the milk maiden as I approached a few minutes later. "How're the
cows today?"
I got no response whatsoever. Especially when I next decided to dance the Macarena right in
front of her and several other people. Nothing. 'Damn, this thing works great!' I thought. 'I
could walk past an entire platoon of Marines on high alert, and they'd all be none th-'

An evil grin spread across my face. At that moment, I got an idea. An awful idea. I, Seidler
D. Evan, had a wonderful, awful idea.

~BtWwG~​

By the next day, I had hitched a ride on the next ship bringing supplies to the nearby Marine
Base, G-2. As we approached, it seemed my luck was holding steady, as there was a ship that
docked before we did, flying unique colors. Not a Jolly Roger, but a flag that denoted the
crew as Bounty Hunters. As I disembarked, I made to follow their path, locating them in the
process of turning in a pair of captured pirates.
"...can confirm for sure." the Marine at the desk was saying. "These are definitely
"Hounddog" Holt, worth 17,000,000 Beri, and his First Officer "Howling Mad" Horvath,
13,000,000 Beri." He turned to his subordinate. "Warrant Officer Notting, retrieve the reward
for these gentlemen."
"Yes, Lieutenant Rainault!" Notting salutes, then turns to leave. I follow closely. He led us on
a path through a few winding corridors, ending at a locked iron door. He unlocked it with his
key, and before I could think of trying to follow him in, he opened the door only partially and
slipped in, locking it again once inside.
"Well, they run a tight ship here, that's for sure." I admitted, leaning against the wall, waiting
for the man to come back out. Not five minutes later, the door unlocked, and Notting emerged
pushing a money cart, stacks of Beri bills on the top shelf, a couple of burlap sacks laying on
the bottom. Likely set up so that the bounty hunters could count the cash themselves to be
sure. Trust, but verify, and all that. He closed and locked the door behind him, and carted the
money away. As he departed, I moved to open the door myself, but stopped. I realised he'd be
back to replace that cart, and it wouldn't take long. Better to wait for that, then go in and rob
them blind. During my wait, I endeavored to leave a note, so as Warrant Officer Notting
didn't get implicated as the last man to enter the room, thus I entered a nearby empty office
and made use of their stationary.
Roughly fifteen minutes passed, and Notting returned with the cart, putting it back in the
room, and leaving. Just like that, I had my window of opportunity. I slotted the Skeleton Key
into the lock, and opened the door. As I closed it behind me, I used the Key to not just lock
the door, but ensure that it couldn't be unlocked unless the Skeleton Key did it. I turned to
look at my potential loot, and…
I whistled. "That's a lot of dosh." There were stacks of Beri almost everywhere. Carts were

lined up, and sacks stacked together neatly. I got to work immediately, no time to waste
gawking. I gathered all the cash I could onto each and every cart, maxing out their capacities.
I threw the burlap sacks atop the money piles to stuff with later. I cleaned out the whole
room, and by my estimation, my overall score was just over 300,000,000 Beri.
Fucking sweet. I opened the portal to my Fortress, and began pushing each and every cart
through, one by one. However, there were complications on the last cart, as I heard raised
voices and banging as I emerged through the portal.
"-stupid goddamn door!" a voice that I was sure was Warrant Officer Notting yelled.
"This is impossible, the door isn't even that old!" the voice of Lieutenant Rainault followed.
"How is the lock even broken?!"
"Men, what's all the commotion?" A third voice arrived.
"V-Vice Admiral Comil, sir!" Rainault exclaimed, dread crawling up my spine. "Something's
wrong with the lock. The key fits, but it refuses to turn."
Comil sighed. "And we just had to get a second bounty turned in today. We'll just have to
account for a new door in the budget. Stand aside."
Hearing that, I instantly stopped lollygagging and rushed the last cart through the portal.

~BtWwG~​

A loud crash occurred, as Vice Admiral Comil knocked the door down to the floor.
"There. Problem solved." he said, turning to leave. "Get the bounty hunters their money and
post a small squad on the doorway until we get it fixed."
"S-SIR!" Notting exclaimed.
"What now, Warrant Officer?"
"The money, I-It's gone! All of it!"
"WHAT?!" Comil turned and entered the money room. Gone. Every last Beri, all the carts
and sacks, everything was gone!
"How… How could this have happened?!" Comil seethed. He turned to Notting, the last man

to have entered the room"Sir, look!" one of his soldiers called. "It looks like a note."
Comil took the offered paper from the man, looking it over. He frowned.

You Government Dogs are so easy to fool! So long, and thanks for all your cash!
Yours truly,
"The Phantom Thief" Robin Hood
Comil scrunched up the note in rage. "'Phantom Thief'..." he muttered. "You will pay for this
humiliation, I swear it!"

Chapter End Notes

There we go, the beginning of my first ever SI Fanfic... that I've been posting on
SpaceBattles for like 4 months now. Making this a crosspost, I think. I've stopped
posting new stuff there for now due to the pace I originally set for myself overwhelming
me recently, leaving me with no backlog of chapters. So now I'm gonna start posting
them here, until it's all caught up, and hopefully I'll be ready to get back to it by then!
Hope you enjoy.
Also, YES, I know about the Chaos Gacha. I did NOT know of it when I originally
started this. Just for clarification.
LLaP

Chapter 2: The Pirate Shogun
CHAPTER TWO

"Phantom Thief Strikes Again!
In the past two weeks, a mysterious and yet-unseen thief has been robbing several Marine
bases of their bounty funds and vanishing without a trace. This person, calling themselves
'The Phantom Thief' Robin Hood, has Navy officials baffled, as they are not only vanishing
easily, but moving from island to island far too quickly to be natural. Just recently, in spite of
increased security measures, Marine Base G-6 was robbed of every last Beri in its vault.
'Phantom Thief' has thus far made out like a king, with hundreds of millions in Beri lost. We
at the World Economic Journal wonder, who is this Robin Hood? Furthermore, what do they
plan to do with all their ill-gotten gains?"
I set down the newspaper, a satisfied smirk on my face. Obviously, I'd been busy, utilizing the
Fortress portal to appear wherever there was a Marine Base, scoping it out, then robbing
them all blind, deaf and dumb. My current grand total, last I checked, was sitting pretty at
just a little over 1 Billion Beri. All sitting pretty here in my Fortress, where nobody else could
get it.
"If I were a rich man, Ya ha deedle deedle, bubba bubba deedle deedle dum~." I sang
softly. "All day long I'd biddy biddy bum. If I were a wealthy man~. Oi!"
Naturally, I kept some on me so I could go around to various towns and places, purchase food
to keep me going. Before I rolled No Face May King, I was subsisting off of fruits I
scrounged from around the Lulusia port town when nobody was looking. Now I could afford
good, hand-made meals from all over. Life was good. Between then and now, I also ended up
with another roll. The first result would have given me the Motherbox, but just like with the
Fatherbox before, I wasn't having it. Not yet. My reroll finally gave me my first weapon.

Laser Gun (Fallout)
The parallel timeline of the Fallout universe may have missed certain tech like the
microchip and such, but it ended up developing some serious wonders, such as
handheld laser weaponry that can reduce an enemy to a pile of lightly-glowing ashes.
You get to select any laser-based weapon from the setting, and you'll also receive one
box of ammunition for it. ​

I thought of the strongest laser weapon that wasn't a Laser Minigun, and went with 'Tri-Beam
Laser Rifle, Fully Modified'. It gave me one with a Focus Optics, a Heavy Duty Capacitor,
and a Hi-Capacity Terminal, as well as a box with 20 Microfusion Cells. Each MF Cell
provided 7 shots, so after testing the gun with the MF cell that came with it, I had 140 shots.
Afterward, I smacked myself when I realized that I could've chosen the MF Hyperbreeder
Alpha, and not worry about ammo. That being said, it's not like I could use this thing willynilly. The Government would be very interested in someone wielding laser guns before
Vegapunk even gave them their Pacifistas. Still, I kept it slung on my back, beneath my
cloak, with some MF Cells stored in the pockets of my pants and my cloak.
It had been a while since then, and honestly, the rolls hadn't been consistent in length of time
between. I felt like I should get the next one soon, and I hoped I could get something to use
as a primary weapon. The rifle would do in a pinch, butping
You have earned an Item Roll!​

1. Sentinel Battery (Doom)​
2. Avenger (XCOM 2)​
3. The Doomblade (Doom)​
4. Claws of Hades (God of War)​
5. Shroud of Eden (Assassins Creed)​
6. Rivet Gun (Bioshock)​
7. Ace of Winchesters (DC)​
8. Zanpakuto; Zangetsu (Bleach)​
9. Scouter (Dragon Ball)​
10. Deep Sea Slugs (Bioshock)​
11. Heart of Atlantis (Disney's Atlantis)​
12. UNSC C712 Longsword (Halo)​
13. Blades of Chaos (God of War)​
14. Raijin no Ken (Naruto)​
15. Bezel's Charm of Telekinesis (Ben 10)​
16. Ultra Divine Water (Dragon Ball)​
17. The Black Pearl (Disney's PotC)​
18. Rokushiki, Intermediate (One Piece)​
19. Sword of Olympus (God of War)​
20. Rat Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)​

Well, speak of the devil, and he shall appear. I had a fair number of weapons I could get, plus
many other useful items. The Sentinel Battery seemed like the very power source to unlock

the rest of my Fortress. And that 'intermediate' Rokushiki… I suppose it meant it would give
me all the 6 Powers at the level of an intermediate practitioner. Not sure how that would
measure up to a CP9 agent, but I had high hopes for that one. I called the D20 to my hand,
and cast it forward. It rolled to a rest at 2.

Avenger (XCOM 2)​

Ah, the mobile base of the X-COM organization in its resistance days. One of my favorite
skyships. However, it was a bit too overt for my taste. So, reroll it is. The die rolled forth, and
settled on 16.

Ultra Divine Water (Dragon Ball)​

Hell, I remembered this. Some kind of water that could alter your body to its fullest potential,
but the strain was too much for most, and killed them. If I get this again, better be when I
have Chopper, or some other medical genius on hand.
"Come on, daddy needs a new pair 'o shoes!" I said, vigorously shaking the D20, and let it
fly. My new number was 8.

Zanpakuto; Zangetsu
The signature weapon of Substitute Shinigami Ichigo Kurosaki, this soul-cutter is not
quite the same as the original, due to Ichigo's unique nature as a composite being. Its
power, however, is no fake, and bonding with this weapon will also impart the combat
skills and prowess of Ichigo to its wielder. WARNING: The spirit of the Zanpakuto is a
separate, fully aware being. You may or may not need to gain their trust to utilize its full
power. ​

…well, I'm bluescreening again. This… THIS. The implications are incredible. Boosting my

luck was a damn good move if this is what it gets me. I decided to quit stalling and accept
this one. The D20 transmogrified into… Well, it looked like the first, 'sealed' form of
Zangetsu, golden engraved tsuba, red wrapping, and a blue tassel. Only it was a completely
reasonable size, about the same size as your usual katana in this world. I wasn't quite sure
what to do next, as I wasn't hearing any voice in my head. Though it didn't take long to
remember the Jinzen ritual Shinigami usually did to communicate with their Zanpakuto. I sat
in a meditative pose, with Zangetsu laid across my lap. With that, I did my best to clear my
mind.
…
"Well, this is certainly interesting."
My eyes snapped open, noticing that I was no longer in my Fortress, but on a stained-glass
platform that had a depiction of me, with multiple empty circles arrayed on the outer edge.
Dive to the Heart, eh? Classic. I cast my gaze to the side, and noticed what looked like a city
of skyscrapers in the distance. My instincts gave me a sudden feeling, and I whirled around.
Standing behind me was a tall, lean-built, middle-aged man with long ragged black hair with
brown highlights, and a stubble beard. He wore a tattered white dress shirt with upturned
collar, black pants, low-heeled boots, and a long, amorphous black overcoat with a burgundy
highlight flaring out into ragged ends, and brown-tinted, semi-transparent wraparound
sunglasses.
"Wait, Old Man Zangetsu?" I wondered.
"Correct. Good to meet you properly, Seidler D. Evan."
"Hold on, I thought you were supposed to represent the Quincy half of Ichigo's powers, and
White represented the Shinigami and Hollow half?"
"Well, you are not Ichigo, and this isn't a normal situation, is it? It seems you recognize me
more as the spirit of Zangetsu than White, especially as White is an inverse mirror of Ichigo."
He made a fairly good point there. Honestly, I did think he was cooler-looking. "So, how are
we doing this? You seem to be amiable enough. Are we.. cool?"
"For the time being. Tell me, what are you planning going forward in this world?"
I paused to think. "Honestly, I'm not sure. Part of me once thought I might form my own
crew, have my own adventure. But, to be honest, I'm no leader. I'm not sure I could captain a
crew of my own. More and more, I feel drawn to joining the Straw Hat crew. But… I just
don't know, okay? Too many variables..."
"I see. With time, I hope you can overcome this uncertainty. As it stands, you are clearly not
ready to wield me fully. I'm certain you will be ready soon, far faster than you realize.
Practice in wielding me, in the real world, and through Jinzen like this, will bring much
improvement."

"Sounds like a plan to me." I nodded, offering my hand to him. "So, partners?"
A small smirk, and Old Man Zangetsu shook my hand. "Agreed. However, do try to find a
more suitable place for Jinzen. More calm and peaceful. This fortress is…"
"Too demonic?" I offered. "Yeah, I agree with you there."
Moments later, I reawoke from my meditation, standing and stretching to relimber myself. I
also felt different. More… powerful, I suppose. If I had to guess, I was also beginning to
inherit Ichigo's reiryoku levels. Not all at once, sure, but over time I might get there.
"Calm and peaceful, eh?" I repeated, approaching the portal controls. "I think I have an idea."
I oriented the small hologram, focusing it on the East Blue in particular. As far as this world
goes, that sea was the King of Peaceful, so I selected an island at random. "Firaaku Island,
eh? Good enough for me."

~BtWwG~​

About a week went by after that. Throughout that time, I spent it outside of Firaaku Town
practicing Zanjutsu and undergoing Jinzen to train with Zangetsu in my Inner World. As it
happened, while bonding with Zangetsu did grant me the combat skills and prowess of Ichigo
Kurosaki, I still needed to physically practice to bring my body in line with what my mind
now held. Training with Zangetsu was good too. The Old Man was rather pleased at the
technique ideas I was coming up with, that I was being more creative than Ichigo was.
I also took time to have breaks in the Town, acquainted myself with the people here, who
were all good to me. I even met this nice girl called Medaka. She said she wanted to get
stronger, so she could be a guardian to her hometown, even had a set of armor and
everything. I may have practiced with her to pass on a little sword technique as well.
However, the East Blue peace I had enjoyed all week was all too suddenly broken .
I was relaxing in the local tavern, reading the day's paper to catch up on things. Apparently,
people were wondering where Robin Hood went, and when he's gonna strike next. Not for a
while yet, I'll say that much. Suddenly, my ears picked up the sound of commotion not too far
out. Not half a minute later, one of the locals barges in.
"Pirates!" he exclaimed. "Pirates are attacking at the docks!"
I stood up, the paper forgotten. "Oh boy, this should be good." I uttered, leaving the tavern.

As I approached, the docks were a mess. Likely the pirates breaking stuff to look tough. I saw
a big pirate vessel at shore, the crew standing not too far from it. Most of them I could tell
were mooks, fodder, with maybe two or three subordinates of any note. Their captain was
easily identifiable. He was a normal sized man who wore… some weird looking armor on his
back, with what looked like shoulder gauntlets with large bladed crab claws. In fact, a lot of it
seemed crab-themed. He also wore a red shirt under the armor, blue pants, and a blue cape.
His purple hair tied into a ponytail, with a chinstrap beard. He had red rings around his eyes
and an X-shaped scar on his left temple. Topping it off with a black bicorn with his jolly
roger on it.
"Good citizens of Firaaku Island!" the man announced. "I am pleased to inform you that as of
right now, this island, and all its inhabitants, now belong to the Ganzack Pirates! Specifically,
to me, Captain Ganzack, the Pirate Shogun!"
The citizens cried out in outrage. Ganzack silenced them by using his armor's 'crab legs' to
fire warning shots near their feet. "See, we're looking to build some things, weapons in
particular. For that, we're gonna need a dedicated workforce. Which is where you good folk
all come in. Everybody obeys, nobody gets hurt. Comprende?"
"Medaka, stop!" called a voice I knew as Herring, Medaka's father. I saw why, as the little
redhead rushed forward.
"Get off our island, and leave us alone, ya filthy pirates!" she yelled at them, fist raised.
Points to her for bravery, if nothing else. She wasn't even wearing her armor. Probably
because I'd commissioned the local smith to make something both stronger, and adaptable to
her future growth.
Ganzack and his crew just laughed. The captain strode forward and, without warning, punted
Medaka back to the crowd like a ball. "Go play soldier somewhere else, kid."
'Okay, now these jerkoffs are gonna get it.' I thought, cracking my neck.
"You kick like a bitch, you ugly-ass crab!" Medaka spat back, to her fathers shock, and my
snort.
This, however, was the wrong thing to say, as Ganzack's face twisted in anger, and*Bang*
…one of his crab-guns fired, and Medaka fell back down, a bleeding wound in her side,
Herring rushing to her side.
"Gya-ka-ka-ka! Maybe that'll teach you to watch your mouth, brat!" Ganzack jeered, his crew
laughing.
My fists clenched. 'And just like that, I am one hundred and ten percent fucking done.' I
strode toward Medaka and Herring, and knelt down, retrieving The White Phial. "Here,
kiddo, drink this. It'll help." I offered, opening the bottle. She took a swig of the Healing

Potion within, and with a brief swirl of golden light, the bullet wound closed, the round itself
pushed out onto the ground.
"You stay right there, now." I ordered, standing up, replacing the Phial, and turning. "I'll take
it from here."
"Oi, you got a problem too, ya damn scab?" Ganzack called as I approached.
"You fucking Morganeers, I swear." I replied. "You know, I was willing to give you the
chance to fuck off all peacable-like. Then you went and kicked my friend, so I was
gonna pretend to give you said chance." My glare intensified. "Then you went and shot
her. Now I gotta fuck your shit up."
Ganzack only laughed, his crew following suit. "Get a load of this big damn hero, boys!" He
spat on the ground, then turned and went back toward them. "Alto, Chico. Deal with this
punk."
"Aye, Captain!" the pair replied, the former wielding a glaive, the other a dagger. Both
subordinates charged at me, and I charged right back. As we closed the distance, and they
made to strike, I dropped into a baseball slide, ending up right behind them. They turned and
started to attack me, both striking rather professionally with their weapon of choice, to their
credit.
Well, attempting to strike, as I was able to read their attacks and just dodge backward
accordingly. Before my training, this would have been next to impossible. Now? I dodged
one last thrust from Alto, before grabbing the haft of his glaive as it passed, yanking him
toward me, and striking him in the gut with an absolutely bastardized Ikkotsu. It still worked
well enough, putting him out of the fight and sending him into Chico, who briefly stumbled
before tossing his ally aside. Not quick enough, as I rushed in and struck with a sworddrawing technique, sending him to join his ally with a deep laceration across his chest.
I turned to the pirate captain, who glared at me with shocked rage. "Is that all you got, ya
Morganeer shit-fuck?" I taunted, resting Zangetsu on my shoulder.
"You little…" he seethed. "I…what the fuck is a Morganeer?"
I rolled my eyes. "There are generally two kinds of pirates. Firstly, the Peace Mains. They're
the ones whose main goals are seeking freedom, primarily out from under the yoke of the
World Government and its dogs. More adventurers than anything. Of course, this doesn't
mean they're pushovers. They'll rob ya if you're an asshole, and beat you bloody if you hurt
someone they like, maybe even kill you."
I glared hard, even making some mooks flinch. "Then there's you fuckwits. Morganeers.
What most people typically think of when they hear the word 'pirate'. Rape, Pillage, and
Plunder, with no regard for anyone but their crew, and even then not always. Scum of the
seas. Just like you, sir-crabs-a-lot."
That got Ganzack mad. "I am not a crab, I am Ganzack, the Pirate Shogun!"

"Bullshit. You're so crabby, I'm surprised you don't come with a side of butter." That earned
me some chuckles from the crowd of citizens. "Hell, anyone can tell you're a truly shellfish
man." That one even had the mooks snickering, and Ganzack was rapidly turning red oh he's
making it so easy. "Damn, I better quit with the puns, this crab is starting to look pretty
steamed." Now the mooks were struggling to hold it in, and the islanders weren't even trying.
Ganzack, almost literally streaming at this point, screamed, "Kill this clown, you bilge rats!"
To their credit, all twenty of Ganzack's mooks snapped to it, and drew weapons, charging in
to fight. Thanks to my training, these putzes seemed to move far slower to my eyes. Thus, I
spent the next two minutes dashing through the mooks, dodging, deflecting blades, and
cutting down anyone in my way, coupled with an elbow shot here, and a dropkick there and
so on. After I was done, and all the Ganzack crew was on the floor, I noticed a sharp jab of
pain, and looked at my left leg. It seemed that one of the mooks got lucky with a pistol and
whinged me. I ignored it and turned to the last man standing. "So-"
Before I could so much as quip, I was met with a barrage of gunshots, as he shot me several
times with his 'crab legs'. A majority of them missed, blessedly, but I took several bullets in
my torso, one in the shoulder, and another in my other leg. Through sheer fucking
indignance, I refused to fall down. I was rather vocal about it, though.
"GRAHHH!" I exclaimed. "You absolute fucking BASTITCH!"
"GYAAA-KA-KA-KA!" Ganzack laughed, his claw-blades deploying. "Not so big now, are
ya!" He then ran forward, his blades lashing out with his arm movements. I'm not quite ready
for it, so I'm backpedaling while blocking and deflecting.
"Bad day, bad day, bad day, bad day, bad day!" I yelped, trying to find an opening to
counterattack. However, one wrong move causes my shot leg to flare in pain, making me
flinch enough for Ganzack to gain the advantage, knock my blade aside, and slash me
diagonally across the chest. This knocked me back, sending me rolling to the ground. I barely
got myself on my hands and knees, and my vision, alarmingly, was starting to go black round
the edges.
"Gya-ka-ka-ka!" Ganzack mocked, slowly walking to where I landed. "And so, the mighty
hero falls. Take your 'Morganeer-Peace Main' bullshit, and shove it up your ass!"
For a few moments, I begin to panic, not sure what to do. Then I calm down and remember: I
have a fucking healing item. With my cloak mostly concealing my actions, I quickly grabbed
and unstoppered the Phial, and chugged a few mouthfuls. Ganzack seemed too caught up in
his arrogance and 'victory' to notice the subtle golden healing swirl, as all my wounds rapidly
closed.
The self-proclaimed 'Pirate Shogun' raised his arm and blade. "Now DIE!"
I grasped Zangetsu in both hands. "Not today, fuck-ass." I uttered, swinging the blade upward
with all my strength. The blow connected, severing Ganzack's right arm and claw blade.

The pirate bastard fell back onto his ass, screaming in pain, clutching his bleeding stump.
"How?!" he demanded. "I had you dead to goddamned rights! HOW?!"
"Fuck you, thats how." I replied, then I lashed out with a classic Boot-To-The-Head
maneuver, shattering Ganzack's nose, and landing him on his side. With a few well-placed
strikes, I destroyed the other blade, and the crab leg guns, thus neutralizing him. The crowd
slowly started cheering.
"Evaaan!" Medaka called out, charging into me with a hug. "You did it! You beat them, you
won!"
"You're just fine?" asked Herring. "After all those bullets and such?"
"Of course he is! He used the same mystery drink he gave me!"
I pounded my chest twice. "Too right, and tougher than I look, too."
"Y-You… you stuoobid fuggin scub." Ganzack slurred through his destroyed nose. "You dink
dis ish ober?!"
"Well, final count is, no captain, no officers, no cannon fodder, and I'm still standing." I
shrugged. "So, basically, yeah."
Ganzack sneered, and I got a sinking feeling as he screamed. "PLESIOSAUR!! GET OUT
HERE! DESTROY, DESTROY EVERYTHIIIING!!"
A rumbling came from their huge ship, and the front of it opened up. Out from it emerged…
exactly as Ganzack said, a legit-ass Plesiosaur, wearing a kabuto helmet emblazoned with the
crew's jolly roger. The residents' cheers of victory rapidly turned to cries of terror as they
retreated a bit.
'Ohhh, Fuck me, I was not ready for this.' I thought, watching the sea monster approach. 'Hell
with it, doesn't matter. I'm gonna stop this thing here, and keep it from running the town and
the people over. Whatever it takes.'
"Hmph. Is that so?" I heard Zangetsu ask. "Even though this might actually kill you this
time?"
"...yeah. I'm not backing down, not from this."
Time seemed to slow to a snail's pace, then Zangetsu materialised next to me, a hand on my
shoulder. He smirked. "Then I do believe you're finally ready."
My eyes widened. "You mean…?" A grin split my face. "Oh, Hell yeah." I then steeled
myself, shutting my eyes.
"Excellent. The enemy is one -- You are one. Thus, what is there to fear? Cast off your

fear! You know these words. Look forward!"
"Move forward and never stand still."
"Retreat…
"And I will age."
"Hesitate…"
"And I will die."
"Good! Now, Evan, call my name!"
My eyes shot open, my perception of time normalized. "Cleave the Eternal Heavens asunder,
Zangetsu!" Thus I slashed my sword from left to right across.
An explosion of energy burst forth, kicking up a dust ball. Medaka fell flat on her rear, and
Herring was almost right with her. With the explosion, a burst of air pressure lashed forth,
slamming into Plesiosaur and forcing him back a bit. The dust began to clear, and revealed
how my weapon had changed. Its appearance was now mostly like the Version 2 Shikai, from
the end of the Fullbring arc. It had a silver hilt with red wrappings, and a short length of
chain at its base. The 'khyber knife' blade itself curving inwards at the backside of the tip and
a bit at the bottom of the blade, similar to a trench knife.
"Wooooah." Medaka gazed in wonder. "So cool…"
"Plesiosaur!" I called out, the beast actually noticing and giving me its attention. "I don't
know what Ganzack did to get you to obey him, but I believe it's moot now, as the Ganzack
Pirates are effectively finished. But you have a choice before you. You could just stay here at
Firaaku Island, become a protector. I'm sure the good people of the island would be more
than happy to look after you, not as just a pet or attack dog, but as a friend too. Alternatively,
you could elect the Path of Pain, where you choose to try and fight. I promise you, though, I'll
end it in an instant. So choose, but choose wisely."
I wasn't sure if this would even work, but I was privy to the setting I currently live in. The
animals of this world, on a case by case basis, can be near or peer human intelligence. Sure
enough, Plesiosaur seemed to be struggling internally with its decision. A few moments later,
however, he seemed to steel his resolve, and bellowed a challenge, resuming his charge.
I sighed. "You have chosen… poorly." I raised Zangetsu above my head, grasped in both
hands, and channeled my power. The blade began to glow blue, and I held my inner fanboy at
bay as I called upon the signature move.
"Getsuga… TENSHOU!" I brought the sword down, a huge crescent arc of spirit energy
screamed forward, and slammed right into Plesiosaur. The massive sea beast was sent flying
for at least a mile, a large bleeding gash in its torso, and crashed beneath the waves. A minute
later, it was clear the beast wasn't going to resurface.

"There you have it, only an instant." I confirmed, resting Zangetsu across my shoulders. "I
believe I've fulfilled all my promises."
"I.. y-you.. Wha…" Ganzack stammered. "I-I don't… what the fuck are you?"
"Better than you, and that's all you need to know." I then lashed out with a sharp kick across
his face, sending the man into blissful unconsciousness. I then held Zangetsu out in front of
me, swiping my hand across the back of the blade, from the hilt, transforming back as I resealed him. Sheathing the blade, I turned to the cacophony of cheers from the people of
Firaaku.

~BtWwG~​

It was hours and hours later that I stumbled into the portal to my Fortress, somewhat drunk
from the celebratory festivities. Ganzack and his men were all bound, to be held and turned in
to the Navy, the pirate captain's bounty to be claimed by the town, as I insisted to everyone
they needed it more. The ship, via my suggestion, would be repurposed as a defensive vessel
for the island. After that, we all enjoyed a celebration of victory, until I finally managed to
beg off and get back up here.
While I had managed to laugh it off, the fact I had come real close to death had me shaken up
a bit. I had gotten cocky, and it could've gotten me killed. A stray unlucky bullet to the head,
and my second chance at life would be over. I would get over it, of course. I'd already
resolved to move forward. I'd made my decision. Fuck the variables.
I'm joining the Straw Hat Pirates.
It would be the absolute best adventure I could possibly have, and I could do an unspeakable
amount of good alongside them. Of course, that all depended on if Luffy decided to ask me to
join or not. It wasn't exactly guaranteed thatping
You have earned an Item Roll!​

1. The Interceptor (Disney's PotC)​
2. Black Light Bands (DC)​

3. Leviathan Axe (God of War)​
4. Flying Raijin Kunai (Naruto)​
5. Vigors (Bioshock)​
6. Ultimatrix (Ben 10)​
7. Perfect Hashirama Cells, Injectable (Naruto)​
8. Soultaker Sword (DC)​
9. Shroud of Eden (Assassins Creed)​
10. Covenant Plasma Weapon Locker (Halo)​
11. Ring of Hircine (Elder Scrolls)​
12. DARPA Rounds & High-Power Rifle (Sniper: Ghost Warrior - Contracts)​
13. Gravitational Beam Emitter (Blame!)​
14. ID Mask (Ben 10)​
15. Golden Spider of Kwaku Anansi (DC)​
16. Gokon Tekko (Bleach)​
17. Flying Broomstick; Firebolt (Harry Potter)​
18. Dog Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
19. UNSC Scorpion-class MBT (Halo)​
20. Selune's Spear of Night (DnD)​

Ah, I suppose it was about time. Looking through the list, I saw a LOT of excellent options.
Perfect Hashirama Cells sounded amazing, since if they're perfect, then I'll basically have the
same Wood Style prowess as the man himself. But the Ultimatrix, that was a game-changer.
Zangetsu is phenomenal, but that right there is the ultimate transformation tool with a powerup feature. So many good items, so little rolls. I tossed my hard light D20, and watched it roll
to a stop on 9.
Shroud of Eden (Assassins Creed)
A Piece of Eden, one of the artifacts of the lost Isu Civilization who predated and
created humanity on its world. This one is alike to the one discovered by Assassin
Edward Kenway, and used by Templar Grandmaster Crawford Starrick. Similar to
Consus' original Shroud of Eden, but without the drawbacks, this Shroud is capable of
repairing any injury almost instantaneously. Also, it can augment the wearer's strength
by absorbing another's vital force. Both abilities are lost, however, if physically
separated from the Shroud.​
…
Holy shit. That's… talk of game-changing, this is more like game-breaking. I didn't even
consider rerolling, and accepted, the die changing into the golden, isu-inscripted cloth. I
wondered for a moment how I would wear it, when I already wore No Face May King as a
cloak. Inspiration struck, as I took the Shroud, and tied it around my waist beneath my cloak

like an obi belt, even fitting Zangetsu's sealed form into it. Now, I was going to do some
more training, before I went to intercept Luffy on some part or another of his journey.

Chapter 3: The Crew
CHAPTER THREE

Captain's Log, Stardate… uhh… ah, fucked if I know. This whole mental diary idea was
stupid anyways.
It had been another week, and I had been busy mostly with training. When undergoing Jinzen
to train with Zangetsu, I stayed on Firaaku Island to meditate. It was a risky choice, not
choosing other East Blue islands, as I honestly started getting attached to this place, and
sometimes felt like I didn't want to leave. Otherwise, I'd started to finally make use of the
Ripatorium for my physical training, and well…
I can fully understand how much fun it had been to play Doom. Rip and Tear, motherfuckers!
I also found the Ripatorium would be able to create simulated battles, not just of demons the
Slayer fought, but also based on my own experiences. I'm now able to train myself fighting
hordes of pirates. Soon enough, I'm sure, I'd also be training against hordes of Marines, once
I've thrown down with the Navy. Either way, I've gotten significantly stronger. I honestly feel
like I could solo the entire East Blue at this point, but I was probably exaggerating in my
head.

ping
You have earned an Item Roll!​

1. Eva's Hammer (Wolfenstein)​
2. Doctor's Coat (Doctor Who)​
3. Plasma Cutter (Dead Space)​
4. UNSC Scorpion-class MBT (Halo)​
5. Chalice of Life (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
6. Sword of Eden (Assassins Creed)​
7. Asauchi [Nameless Zanpakuto] (Bleach)​
8. Dragon Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
9. Scroll of Uzumaki Seals (Naruto)​
10. Chakra Fruit (Naruto)​
11. Sierra Madre Hologram Projectors (Fallout)​
12. Liberty Prime (Fallout)​
13. Armor of the Eight Immortals (Jackie Chan Adv.)​

14. Sneakoscope (Harry Potter)​
15. Rex's Nanites (Generator Rex)
16. Leviathan Axe (God of War)​
17. Totems of Zambesi* (DC)​
18. The Dark Lord's Power Armor (Doom)​
19. Omnicannon (DC)​
20. Gate of Babylon (Fate)​

I was beginning to think that the intervals between rolls depended on how powerful the item I
pulled was, since it took a week after both Zangetsu, and the Shroud. Also, it could just be
coincidence. I did stare at the list in annoyance, of course an epic-tier vessel like the fuckmothering Eva's Hammer would show up only after I decided to get involved with the Staw
Hat crew. I ignored my feelings on the matter, and tossed the D20, watching it spin to a stop
on 14.

Sneakoscope (Harry Potter)​

I knew this one. A magical device made to detect deception and keep enemies away.
Honestly, it felt a bit too situational, so I decided to roll again. My new result came up at 3.

Plasma Cutter (Dead Space)​

Ooh, that's a pretty neat weapon, and a handy tool too. But I had another two rolls, and this
just didn't seem like a good fit. So, another toss of the die, and…
"14, again? Dammit!" I sighed. Seems my luck wasn't always going to cut it. I figured, I'd
gone through most of my rolls, may as well use the last one. So I tossed and got 11.

Sierra Madre Hologram Projectors (Fallout)

Developed by the Think Tank in the Big Mountain Research Facility, and deployed in
Frederick Sinclair's Sierra Madre Hotel and Casino Resort, these holoprojectors (set of
six) were used for both security and vendor services. You'd think a hologram might
seem completely harmless, right? Think again, as the hologram itself cannot be
damaged, and boasts a powerful laser beam as its primary weapon. The only way to
stop a SM Hologram is via its one weak spot, the projector itself. One wonders why the
Think Tank, for all their genius, didn't think to make an attachment for the projectors
using the already-extant Stealth Boy tech…​

Okay, then. Not half bad, but not something I'm able to use yet. Perhaps, if I get to be a Straw
Hat, I can show it to Franky, and he can figure it out. To say nothing of anything I might roll
between then and now.
That being done, I figured that it was about time to get my ass in gear, and get to meeting my
(hopefully) future Captain. The next day, I configured the portal so that it would open just out
of anyone's sight on Shells Town, and went right on through. As I proceeded into town, I
noticed that most of the townsfolk were in high spirits. Uncharacteristically high spirits given
the wannabe tyrant in charge of the local base. Speaking of, note to self: Do not rob the Base.
Stealing from Morgan himself, just fine. But the Marines at this base were decent folk.
However, as I strode unseen to the Navy Base itself, I would find myself disappointed. I
looked over the wall, and not only did I not see Zoro anywhere, I noticed traces of a fight.
My concerns were validated when I saw both Koby and Helmeppo, both in Marine Chore
Boy garb, cleaning windows, the latter looking miserable, while the former seemed to be
very pleased with himself.
That had me worried. I'd missed them. The System did say it was a month, "give or take". It
wasn't the end of the world, however. All I needed to do was keep checking the islands I
know the crew will show up at, and I'd catch up. I summoned the portal with a thought, leapt
through it, and changed the destination to Orange Town; then, I went back down. I emerged
into the deserted town, under invisibility, and started to get my bearings. Suddenly, an
explosion detonated far above, and I watched as something fell from the explosion, to the
row of buildings the next street over.
I grinned. "Now that's more like it!"

~BtWwG~​

"What's with the rope?" Luffy asked, as he and the Thief left the dwelling they had met up in.
"It's just a rope." Nami answered. "You got a problem?" Luffy just shrugged, thinking
nothing of it. "The bar where the pirates are staying is over there, just at the end of this road."
"Okay." Luffy nodded. "What's the plan, then?"
"Oh, you'll find that out… soon enough!" Nami made to tie up the pirate by surprise, but
before she could manage a single knot, I grabbed her by the arm, and dispelled my
invisibility.
"Woah, there!" I announce. "That's rather rude, don't you think?"
"What the-?!" Nami exclaims, jumping back. "Who-where-when..?"
"In order, my name is Seidler D. Evan, a pleasure. I was here the whole time, just unseen
while I observed, and since the crashdown back there. As I recall, the persistent one there is
Monkey D. Luffy, pirate Captain. You would be Nami, Thief of Pirates, the stubborn lady
who won't join his crew."
"Of course not!" Nami spat. "There's no way I'm becoming a filthy pirate!"
I nodded. "I see, I get it. You've had a bad experience with some bloody Morganeers." I
began to walk off in a random direction. "I understand, since I had to deal with a whole crew
of them myself not too long ago."
"Huh? Hey, wait a minute!" Nami called, walking to match me, Luffy shrugging and
following along. "What do you mean Morganeer? What is that?"
"Well, it's like this. There are typically two kinds of pirates out there. Morganeers are what
one usually thinks of when they hear 'pirate'. You know, rape, pillage, and plunder as they
like, with no regard to innocent life. Scum of the oceans."
"Bunch of fake pirates, if you ask me." Luffy added, with Nami giving him an incredulous
look.
"Agreed. Then there are the Peace Mains. The overall goals of Peace Main crews are
adventure, and more importantly… freedom. They don't want to go around hurting people for
sick kicks, they just want to be free. Granted, if you piss them off enough, they'll kick your
ass, and if you really get 'em going, they may even kill you. But overall, decent folk who
happen to be pirates."
"Uh-huh…" Nami said, skeptical, yet not quite dismissive.
"So how about it, Luffy?" I asked. "Tell me, what does 'pirate' mean to you?"

Luffy smirked, "A Pirate isn't someone who goes on raids or sails or who likes gold. He isn't
someone who lords it over others and hurts people. They're weaklings. A real Pirate is
someone who is willing to put his life and everything he is on the line for his dreams and his
friends! A Pirate is someone who wants freedom more than anything!"
Hearing Luffy say this, Nami looked down, a look of contemplation on her face. Seems she's
been given much more to think about.
"Well said, very well said! So, just what is your crew getting up to? Goals to achieve, and
such?"
"Uhh… well, I dunno, but we do have our own dreams to accomplish. My First Mate, Zoro,
wants to become the World's Strongest Swordsman."
"Nice, very nice. And yourself?"
"I'm going to find Gold Roger's treasure, the One Piece. I'm gonna be King of the Pirates!"
I nearly fucking stumbled and fell flat on my face. That… I know damn well he was meant to
do it, and very well could. But hearing him saying it like that, the sheer conviction, and
determination… holy shit.
"Now that's a hell of a dream." I grinned. "Sounds to me like your crew really is shaping up
to be Peace Mains after all. So, I don't see the problem in joining his crew."
Nami shook her head. "I don't think so. Hell, why don't you go join him, if you want. You
wouldn't happen to be a decent navigator too, would you?"
"Not at all." I denied. "I'm mostly a front-line fighter with a bunch of magical artifacts."
That had the two of them interested. "Magic stuff? Like what?" Luffy asked curiously.
"Well, you saw my invisibility trick earlier? That was thanks to my cloak. Other than that, I
have a bottle of unlimited medicine, a transforming sword, and a key that unlocks any lock in
existence." At the last one, I saw Nami instantly perk up, despite any skepticism.
"Really?!" Luffy beamed. "That's so cool!! Hey, yeah, why don't you join my crew!"
That got me to stop dead. I… was it really that easy? Then I thought about it, and
remembered; It's Luffy. Yeah, it kind of is just that easy. What the fuck was I worried about
again?
"Heh. You know, I think I just might take you up on that. I might still be searching for a
dream, but I have a feeling traveling with your crew would be an adventure to remember!"
"Alright!" Luffy cheered. "New nakama!" I chuckled at his enthusiasm, and noticed even
Nami had a fraction of a smile.

"Oi, Luffy!" called a voice, and we all turned to see the green-haired swordsman himself,
Zoro, striding towards us. "I finally found you."
"Hey, Zoro!" Luffy replied in excitement. "I found two new nakama!"
"Hey! I never said I was joining you, dumbass!" Nami spat.
"Hello there." I greeted, hand extended. "Seidler D. Evan, nice to meet ya."
Zoro shook my offered hand. "Roronoa Zoro. So, our glorious Captain ended up roping you
in as well?"
I chuckled. "What can I say? He has an odd sort of… charisma to him."
"Got that right." Zoro then eyed Zangetsu at my hip. "You a swordsman too, then?"
I shrugged. "Of sorts. Not a professional like you, but it's my primary combat method." He
hummed, either not quite satisfied by my answer, or contemplating something otherwise.
"Say, Zoro." Luffy began. "Did you see anyone before you found us?"
"No people, the place is deserted. Save for that dog, over there."
"Dog?" We looked, and sure enough, there was Chouchou, standing guard in front of his
store. Guess my wandering not only gave Zoro time to dock and find us, but brought us just
where we needed to go. Seems my uncanny luck is still working.
"Hey, who are you people?" Someone spoke up. It was a fairly old man with glasses and
puffy hair, wearing brown leather armor over a yellow-plaid shirt and a poor-quality spear on
his back.
"Who are you, old guy?" Luffy asked, head cocked to the side, completely ignoring that the
elder had asked first.
"I'm Mayor Boodle, the village chief!" he answered, turning to look at the dog and its store.
"I came by to feed Chouchou."
"Why is he over here by himself?"
Boodle's head lowered, and he sighed. "To make a long story short, his owner, my friend, was
the owner of this pet store. However, he had gotten sick, and couldn't recover. He ended up
passing away."
"But why hasn't anyone told Chouchou that his owner isn't coming back?" Nami pondered.
"Oh, we have." Boodle explained. "Chouchou knows my friend isn't returning. But this store
was their dream; it's a precious treasure to them both. Chouchou won't leave it." Luffy

nodded, seeming to understand.
"Oh no, the poor thing, he's hurt." Nami gasped, noticing the various injuries on the small
dog, partially hidden by his fur.
"Yes, the Pirates come here occasionally, trying to take food from the store; they have a
massive lion with them. Chouchou tries to fight them off." Boodle growled, clenching his
fists until his knuckles turned white.
"You're a good boy, aren't you?" I encouraged, kneeling to pet Chouchou. "Here, drink this.
It'll heal you so you can keep protecting your treasure!" I brought out the White Phial, opened
it and offered it to the dog. Chouchou hesitated for a moment, then decided to accept. The
potion effects took right away, all of his injuries vanishing. Chouchou barked happily in
thanks. I gave the diligent pup a round of enthusiastic headpats.
A loud explosion then startled us. We watched as an entire row of houses was blown apart, a
massive amount of dust and debris kicked up in the process. After the noise had stopped
reverberating and the dust settled, we could see the extent of the damage.
"What the hell was that?!" Nami exclaimed, seeing the devastation left behind.
"It's that damned cannon of theirs!" Boodle roared, angered at seeing more of his home
destroyed. "It's got some kind of special, red cannonball that is far stronger than normal.
They've been testing it on our town!"
"Like I said, Nami." I remarked, a dark look on my face. "Morganeers."
Before anyone said more, we all heard something huge stomping through the street. We
looked, and beheld a gigantic lion with (oddly enough) green fur and a purple mane. It was
far larger than any average beast. A man with what looked like white fur covering his body
rode upon the lion's back. He seemed to be wearing a weird furry hat that went around his
chin, with teddy bear ears on top.
"You damn mongrel, I'll teach you not to bite me!" the man ranted. "I'll burn that damned
store to the ground right in front of you!" He then noticed he had more of an audience than
normal. "Eh, who the hell are all of you? I'm 'Beast Tamer' Mohji, first officer of the Buggy
Pirates! I warn you, standing in my way is a very bad mistake, ain't that right, Ritchie?"
Ritchie growled.
"That store is Chouchou's treasure." Luffy glared. "You weird-eared bastard!"
"This is my hair, you jackass!" Mohji roared back, affronted.
"Are you really that petty?" I demanded, stepping forward. "Burning down a building, just
because a dog bit you? Cause you seem just fine to me."
"Careful, fool." he warned. "I keep Ritchie hungry on purpose, and I bet you're looking nice
and snack-shaped right now."

My eyes darkened over. "You… deliberately starve your lion?" I hissed.
"Of course I do, what of it?!"
I breathed out my nose, an inexplicable burst of steam/smoke with it. "Captain?" I uttered,
grabbing Luffy's attention. "I'll handle the abusive pet owner, you handle the lion?"
He nodded. "Sure."
"Quit your muttering!" Mohji called. "Get out of my way, or pay the price!"
"Shut up, and fuck off." I replied, and in one fluid motion, I reached behind me, drew my TriBeam Laser Rifle, carefully aimed it at the tamer, and fired. The trio of beams struck true,
searing Mohji's chest. He screamed in pain, flying back off of Ritchie a few feet to crash to
the ground.
"WOOOOAH!" Luffy exclaimed, stars in his eyes. "You have a laser beam?! SOOO
COOOOL!!" Meanwhile, Nami, Zoro, and Boodle were just standing in place, shocked.
Ritchie, however, seemed upset I'd blasted his rider, and was now charging at me oh shit"Captain, the lion!" I yelled at Luffy.
"Oh! Right!" The rubberman then stretched out his arms while twisting them, and took hold
of Ritchie, to the lion's surprise. "Gum-Gum… Sledgehammer!" He then untwisted his
arms, rapidly spinning Ritchie, and sent him crashing to the floor, right next to his boss. I
noticed that the shot hadn't killed Mohji, as his chest was still moving, just barely.
"Nice job." I offered, reholstering my rifle.
"Shishishi, you too." Luffy replied.
"Woah Woah, hold on!" Nami started. "You just stretched your arms and-and stuff! How in
the world-?!"
"Isn't it obvious?" I replied. "He ate some kind of Devil Fruit that made him into a stretchman or something."
"Shishishi, Rubber-man, actually. I ate the Gum-Gum Fruit!"
Nami sighed. "Devil Fruits are real. Of course they are. God give me strength…"
"What in the world are you youngsters?" Boodle wondered, still a bit shocked.
"Another pirate crew." I responded. "Well, I say that, but we haven't even done anything
remotely pirate-y yet. Still, I say we go see this Buggy the Clown, and show him and the rest
of his cronies the door. How about you guys?"

"Sounds like fun!" Luffy said, twisting his arm around.
"Sure, I'm in." Zoro agreed.
"Oh, just you watch." Nami noted darkly, recovered from her brief meltdown. "I'm gonna rob
these bastards blind. There'll be nothing left."
"Actually, you might wanna leave a portion behind for the village." I noted. "So they can
rebuild everything that's been wrecked."
Nami paused. "...yeah, fair enough." She looked like she was sulking a little bit, but knew I
was right.

~BtWwG~​

We gathered ourselves outside of the bar the Buggy Pirates were at, the Drinker Pub (what a
name). Boodle, meanwhile, had gone to speak to the villagers-in-hiding.
"So, who's gonna get their attention?" Nami asked.
"Leave it to me." I offered, drawing Zangetsu. "This way I can show you a bit of what I'm
capable of."
"Ooooh! You're gonna use your transforming sword?!" Luffy cheered.
"Excuse me? Transforming sword?" Zoro asked, confused.
"You'll see. My blade isn't one of the Meito. He's a Zanpakuto, something greater than even
the 12 Supreme Grades. Cleave the Eternal Heavens asunder, Zangetsu!" The katana was
engulfed in a large whirlwind, which then dispersed to reveal the Shikai state. Zoro and Nami
stood by looking very impressed. Luffy had star-eyes again.
"Now behold, our signature technique." I intoned, grasping the hilt in both hands, drawing
the blade back. "Getsuga Tenshou (Lunar-Fang Piercing Heaven)!" I swung, the arc of
reiryoku scything forth, and cutting a trench in the second floor and roof of the pub, the scum
who got hit by it screaming.
"You know, I thought you weren't going to just 'spam' the Getsuga Tenshou like Ichigo

did." Zangetsu spoke up
'I never said I wouldn't spam it, it is our most versatile attack. I just said I'd come up with
other techniques to break the monotony.'
"Hn. Fair enough."
"Hey, meatheads anonymous!" I called out. "Can Buggy come out and play?!"
The Buggy Pirates were in a confused panic until their captain stepped out and ordered them
to calm down. He had blue hair, an orange captain's hat and coat, a red and white striped
shirt, light green pants, and pointy clown shoes. His most notable feature was the large,
bright-red spherical nose on his face, which I remembered was 100% bona-fide natural nose.
God bless this wacky-ass world.
"Who the hell are these flashy bastards?!" Buggy the Clown roared
"Who the hell is your tailor, a colorblind monkey?" Nami replied, referring to the clash of
colors in his outfit.
The clown clenched his fists, his face screwed up in rage. "Some flashy nobodies barge in
and ruin my party. Then they insult my clothes to my face. I'm so mad I can barely speak."
"Captain Buggy, how about I go down there and teach these fools a lesson?" The question
came from a man with long, dark hair. He wore white pants and shoes with no shirt, and a
large, long, white-and-blue checkered scarf wrapped around his neck.
"Hey! You stupid clown!" Luffy yelled, interrupting. "Get your dumb, red nose down here so
I can flatten it!" Every single member of Buggy's crew suddenly got real nervous, clearly
scared of what would come next. Buggy trembled for a moment, his jaw clenched so tight
you could almost hear his teeth grinding.
"Fire the Buggy Ball! Fire!" Buggy raged. A cannon was rolled over to the edge of the
rooftop and aimed at Luffy, and fired with a sound like thunder.
"You idiot! Are you trying to die?!" Nami panicked, diving for safety.
Luffy just laughed. "You really think a cannonball will move me? Gum Gum…" He began
to breathe in a ton of air, and then inflated his body. "...Balloon!" The Buggy Ball hit Luffy,
sinking into him.
"What the hell is this flashy bastard?!" Buggy screamed, eyes bulging in shock.
"Here, you can have this back!" Then, the red cannonball bounced back at the Buggy Pirates.
The explosion was even louder than the one from earlier. The entire tavern collapsed from the
force of the blast, becoming a heap of broken wood and stone.
"Luffy, you moron!" Nami yelled, grabbing him by the front of his red vest and started

shaking him back and forth. "What would you do if their treasure happened to be up there?!"
"Oh. Shishishi, sorry, my bad." Luffy grinned nervously.
"Idiot…" Nami sighed, bopping him on the head for good measure.
"After all of the crazy shit I've seen you do, that really shouldn't have been surprising." Zoro
said, shaking his head with a chuckle. Luffy laughed along with him as the dust and smoke
began to clear.
"Look at these flashy punks, acting like they aren't afraid of us." Buggy said, as he was
revealed holding up two of his burned crewmen with disembodied hands. His handless arms
were crossed in front of him, the hands themselves floating freely. Cabaji was also hiding
behind a human shield.
"He has a Devil Fruit, too!" Nami exclaimed
"What the hell are you doing, you bastards?!" Luffy thundered. "How could you use your
nakama as shields like that?!"
"This is the biggest humiliation our crew has ever faced, Captain Buggy." Cabaji said, the
pirates ignoring Luffy's question entirely. The remainder of their crew that weren't out cold
roared in agreement, the circus-themed crew drawing weapons and letting out battle-cries.
"Well then, you ready to punish some Morganeer scum, Nami?" I asked, rolling my neck.
"Huh?!" she exclaimed. "What do you mean? Can't I just leave this all to you guys?"
"Nope. I know you've got some combat skill with that bo-staff you keep, and it's good
practice too. Don't worry, I'll keep an eye out to make sure these punks don't kill you."
Nami looked me dead in the eyes for a few seconds, then pulled out and assembled her staff,
grumbling. "Alright, I suppose I'll give it a shot."
"Just think about all their treasure, and how they're all standing in your way to get it."
At that, Nami's gaze sharpened. "That certainly helps."
"WHAT DO YOU MEAN OUR TREASURE, YOU FLASHY THIEVES?" Buggy roared
with his eyes bugging out.
The Buggy crew charged. I went right in, and weaved through them with practiced
movement. I basically held back and played defense the entire time, keeping at least one eye
on our potential navigator. A simple task, given how weak and sloppy Buggy's mooks were. I
watched as Nami used her natural flexibility to deftly avoid the attacks of the clown brigade,
rightly smacking them in their weak points, especially the head. Before long, every last
sycophant of the Buggy crew were on the floor, out cold, or wishing they were.

"You damn bitch! I'll make you pay for harming my crew!" A voice roared behind Nami. She
spun to look, eyes widening in terror as she saw Cabaji rushing towards her (on a unicycle no
less) with his sword, intent to kill. The sound of metal meeting metal rang out, as Zoro
intercepted the attack, casually holding the enemy back.
"Oi! What kind of swordsman attacks from behind?" Zoro challenged. "Don't you have any
honor?" He then sent Cabaji backwards with a swipe of his sword. The pair stared each other
down, while Nami backed off from the fight.
"You…you're Roronoa Zoro!" Cabaji exclaimed. "I am the Buggy Pirates' Chief of Staff,
Cabaji. As a fellow swordsman, I look forward to taking your head." With that, Cabaji sprang
forward, racing towards Zoro. "Acrobat Technique: Old Man's Flame!" Zoro jerked back
in shock as he suddenly sprayed fire from his mouth. Distracted, he didn't catch Cabaji's foot
lashing out, the pointed toe striking his ribs.
"What the hell is that? Tricks and kicking?" Zoro quickly got back to his feet, glaring. "You
really don't have any honor as a swordsman, do you?"
"Honor? I have no need for that." Cabaji laughed. "All I need is victory! Acrobat
Technique: Murder Case in the Hot Spring's Steam!" The acrobat started spinning and
hopping around on his unicycle, kicking up a cloud of dust.
"This guy is ticking me off." Zoro growled. I decided I was having none of this, and swung
Zangetsu as hard as I could at the dust cloud, loosing a burst of air pressure that blew it away.
The unicyclist stopped in shock as his trick was dispersed.
"You bring shame to swordsmen everywhere, you weak coward." Zoro intoned, drawing his
other swords. "Facing all three of my swords is more honor than trash like you deserves, but
I'm ending this now." Before Cabaji could retort, Zoro made his attack. "Oni Giri!"
Cabaji's left shoulder, left side, and right arm opened up in a spray of blood. Zoro appeared
behind the falling man, who was unconscious before he even hit the ground.
"Cabaji!" Buggy keened, watched his Chief of Staff fall in horror.
"Shishishi, nice fight Zoro." Luffy beamed.
"That wasn't even worth my time." Zoro snorted. "What a clown."
Buggy's face was now shadowed by his hat. "You flashy bastard thieves. How dare you do
this to my crew? I'll kill all of you."
"We're pirates, you ugly red nose." Luffy retorted as he started walking towards Buggy.
"Don't talk about my nose, you bastard!" Buggy raged. "What is your goal, huh? Why did
you come here?"
"We're here for your treasure, plus the map you stole, and to kick you off of this island."

Nami demanded with a smirk.
"So hand them over, then take your jackasses and get to steppin'." I added.
"Gyahahahaha!" Buggy laughed. "The Grand Line isn't a place for you no-name rookies.
What are you planning on doing there? Sightseeing? Gimme a break."
"I'm going to become the Pirate King." Luffy stated, the sentence once again resounding as if
it were fact.
"You flashy idiot! You? The Pirate King? Then I guess I'll be God! The person who will
acquire all of the world's treasures is me!"
"Shishishi, can we skip the lecture and just start already?" Luffy slipped into his fighting
stance.
Buggy looked ready to shout again, but stopped to take notice of something. "That hat of
yours… reminds me of someone I once knew. That impudent Red-Haired shit…"
"Red-Haired… you mean Shanks?" Luffy asked. "This is his hat. He gave it to me. I
promised to return it to him one day."
"No wonder seeing that hat pisses me off!" Buggy shouted. "That bastard cost me the hoard
of a lifetime! We were both Cabin Boys on the same crew years ago. I'd ended up finding not
only a treasure map of undersea wrecks with loot, I also found a Devil Fruit. They can be
worth around One Hundred Million Beri! When I was trying to hide it in my mouth, so
nobody would take it, Shanks surprised me and I swallowed it! Then my map went
overboard, and when I tried to get it, I sank like a rock! Shanks went and pulled me out, but
I'll never forgive him for costing me my ability to swim!"
"Wait, doesn't that mean Shanks saved your ass?" Zoro interjected.
"THAT'S NOT THE POINT!" Buggy screamed. "The point is, because of Shanks, I'll never
be able to have any of the treasure under the sea, so I decided I'll just claim all the
treasure above it!"
"But it was your fault." I chimed in.
"SAY AGAIN?!"
"You do realize there's an unspoken rule among pirate crews concerning Devil Fruits, yes?
Whoever finds the Fruit, they get to decide what to do with it, and nobody can say otherwise.
If you wanted to sell it, then your crew would've shrugged and not bothered about it.
"Ah…!"
"Also, couldn't you still have undersea treasure? You could put together a small team on your
crew you can trust, to dive down and get the treasure for you. Granted, you'd need to give

them a percentage, but you'd have the treasure regardless."
Buggy stayed where he was, mouth agape, apparently never having thought of this. "You
know… you've given me a good deal to think about, you flashy little shit. Honestly, I've half
a mind to just take my crew, leave and get started on something like that." Here comes the
but. "But… unfortunately for you, all your crew has done today has left me with plenty of
pent-up rage. And I gotta get it out somehow, so… I'MMA LET IT OUT ON YOOOUUU!"
Buggy separated in half, launching his upper half towards me, knives out and ready to stab. I
gripped Zangetsu, prepared to counter him. Buggy was a few feet away before he stopped in
mid air, his face twisted in pain. Luffy had kicked Buggy in the nuts, leaving him to collapse
in pain.
"Your fight is with me, big nose." he said with a smile.
"Ouch." Zoro winced from the sidelines. Even I held a fraction of pity. Nutshots were no
joke.
"That's it, time to finish you all off!" Buggy yelled. "CHOP CHOP… FESTIVAL!" He then
split his entire body into a multitude of different pieces, before chasing after me once more. I
was able to keep ahead of him, due to Zangetsu helping me to learn the Flash Step technique.
Thankfully, Luffy had my back, as he found Buggy's feet. He picked them both up before
squeezing them in a death grip, making Buggy scream in pain
"PUT MY FEET DO-" was all he said before Luffy flung his feet back at him, getting one
stuck in his mouth before the other foot smashed against his face, sending it flying. All of
Buggy's pieces went limp as he was knocked out, causing Luffy and I to start laughing. Nami
looked at all his pieces, and got an idea.
"Looks like this fight's almost over." Zoro said, smirking as he saw what Nami was up to.
Soon, Buggy woke up and pried his foot out of his mouth.
"BLEH! I think I stepped in something..." he coughed, before he glared at Luffy. "You
bastard! Chop Chop Reassemble." Buggy called his body parts back to him, but only ended
up with his head, hands, and feet. "AHHHHH! WHAT HAPPENED TO ME?!"
"Hey, Buggy~." Nami called, as she used her foot to keep Buggy's tied up parts in place.
"Missing something?"
"MY PARTS! GIVE THEM BACK, YOU WITCH!"
"Alright. Say goodbye, Buggy!" Luffy yelled, stretching his arms back a great distance.
"Gum-Gum…!" Buggy screamed in terror as Luffy's arms blasted forward. "BAZOOKA!"
And just like that, Buggy D. Clown was sent flying off into the distance, never to be seen
again(until Loguetown).
"Ladies and Gentlemen, I do believe that's the game." I remarked, re-sealing and sheathing
Zangetsu.

"Well, then." Nami began. "If you boys don't mind, I'm going to raid Buggy's treasure stores,
and take almost all of it. Excuse me." She strolled off, pleased as could be.
"So, what now?" Luffy asked, hands behind his head.
"You think the villagers will share some booze in celebration and thanks for beating the
Buggy Pirates?" Zoro asked.
"I'd say there's a non-zero chance of that, at least." I chortled.

Chapter 4: Cat Scratch Fever
Chapter Notes

So, quick pre-chapter note, It's come to my attention that I didn't describe Evan all that
well. Honestly, an approximation will do just as well. He resembles Lelouch Vi
Britannia, except with dark blue-green eyes. His hair is the shorter version of Izumi
Miyamura (after the first hair cut, not the super-short one from Missing Pieces), only
brown.
Speaking of Miyamura, if you're like me and read the lines in your head with the
characters' voices, Evan's VA is Alejandro Saab (KaggyFilms, KaggMaster,
WhateverTheHeckYouWannaCallHim). He's also done Shallot in Dragon Ball Legends
(and now Sparking Zero), and Gabimaru from Hell's Paradise. Anyway, that's enough
rambling. Enjoy!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Not long after Nami finished going through the treasure, Boodle returned with the townsfolk
at his back, and they were indeed grateful enough to invite us to celebrate Orange Town's
liberation. Nothing spectacular, but lots of drinking and merriment. In all the kerfuffle,
nobody remembered to tie up the Buggy Pirates, so when they eventually came to, and their
compatriots who'd seen Buggy sent flying filled them in, they all snuck away aboard their
ship (the Big Top, if I recall correctly). The only issue left was of a certain stubborn thief.
"Are you sure?" I asked Nami, the pair of us chilling in one of the homes as the celebration
wound down. "Even after everything that's happened, you won't join as our Navigator?"
"Honestly, I don't know." she replied. "I know you guys are a bunch of decent idiots, but I'm
not sure if I can just… trust a bunch of pirates. Not after… everything."
"You want to talk about it?" Nami shook her head.
"Alright, I have a proposition for you."
Nami snorted. "I don't think we know each other well enough for marriage just yet." she
joked.
"Ha! I suppose I'll ask you again some time in the future." I replied. "No, more of a business
proposition."
"I'm listening."
"How about you join our crew as Navigator, but on commission. You'll be paid weekly, until

such time you decide to leave the crew… or join us as nakama properly."
"You have my attention." Nami admitted. "But how much are you planning to pay me per
week?"
"The sum of Twenty Million Beri, no less."
"DONE!" Nami did a double-take. "No, wait, I'm sorry, I must have heard you wrong. 'Cause
there's no way you just said Twenty-Million Beri. Per week."
"I did, though."
"Oh, come on!" Nami laughed. "How could you have enough money to pay me that rate?"
"Tell me something… have you heard of the new thief on the block, Robin Hood?"
"'The Phantom Thief'?" Nami asked. "Yeah, he's gotten infamous. Appeared at the start of last
month, robbed some Marine bases unseen, then went silent. Nobody knows how he did it,
though some people started rumors that he uses magic or someth-" She stopped, then whirled
towards me. "You're the 'Phantom Thief'?!"
"Guilty as charged." I grinned.
"But-But how?! How did you get in and out with all those millions?"
"A combination of both the Skeleton Key and No Face May King, plus plenty of patience."
"That doesn't explain how you smuggled out all the money!" Nami insisted.
I nodded. "An excellent point. Since I need to go get you your commission, allow me to show
you." I stood up, and with a thought, my Fortress Portal opened, and Nami's jaw dropped. I
walked in, closing the portal behind me. I went to my stash spot, grabbing a sack of
20,000,000 Beri, one of many I had set aside in preparation for this very purpose. I turned
round, and portaled back into the room I'd left, Nami having not moved.
"Here it is, 20,000,000 Beri, as I said." I spoke. "You can count it all out if you'd like-"
"No no, it's all there, I can tell." Nami waved off. "But I'd like an explanation for whatever
the fuck that was!"
"Heh, well that right there was-" I paused. "Hold up, real quick, you can just fucking tell?"
"It's a skill I've picked up in all my years of thievery." she waved off. "Now, weird thing,
explain!"
"Okay. That was another of my artifacts, the Fortress of Doom. The name's purely thematic.
I'm connected to it, and can open portals to and from it. I used that to move the money.
Happy?"

Nami sat back down, looking flabbergasted. "Where in the absolute Hell do you get these
things?"

ping
You have earned an Item Roll!​

1. Sunstone (DC)​
2. Seeker's Mask (Sniper: Ghost Warrior-Contracts)​
3. Rabbit Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)
4. Plasmids (Bioshock)​
5. Rule Breaker (Fate)​
6. Eva's Hammer (Wolfenstein)​
7. Slayer's Arsenal**** [Pick One] (Doom)​
8. Blood Increasing Pills (Naruto)​
9. Draupnir Spear (God of War)​
10. Basilisk Fang (Harry Potter)​
11. Compound V (The Boys)​
12. Ox Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
13. Zanpakuto; Ryujin Jakka (Bleach)​
14. Hand of Midas (Disney's Aladdin)​
15. R.L.S. Legacy (Disney's Treasure Planet)​
16. Porunga Dragon Balls (Dragon Ball)​
17. G.E.C.K. 2.0 (Fallout)​
18. Zanpakuto; Zabimaru (Bleach)​
19. Atlantean Key (DC)​
20. Boots of Springheel Jack (Elder Scrolls)​

'Goddamn, talk about your timing.' I thought, smirking. "Funny you should ask that, I can
show you." Nami gave me a quizzical look.
"So, these artifacts come from my special power. I'm not sure who or what gave me this
power, I just know it's not Devil Fruit based. I call it the Gacha System. Every so often, at
random intervals apparently, I receive an item roll. It gives me a 20-sided die, and a list of
twenty items at random.
"Whatever number the D20 lands on is the item I receive, though I also get one free reroll per
roll, and can save up to three of them. I also know for sure that these items come from
alternate realities. I get brief visions of these realities when I accept the items."

Nami sat there, mildly aghast. "Uh…huh."
I held out my hand, hard-light D20 materializing. "Observe." I tossed the die, and we both
watched it roll about until it landed on 12.

Ox Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)
One of the Twelve Talismans of Shendu, a powerful set of magical charms represented
by the twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac. Each Talisman possesses a different magic
along with its own individual power. They were originally created when the human
warrior Lo Pei cast a powerful chi spell to defeat the Fire Demon Sorcerer Shendu,
turning him into a statue and extracting each of his magical powers. The Ox Talisman
grants the wielder incredible Super Strength, effortlessly lifting and throwing objects
weighing multiple tons with one arm, demolishing an entire building, etc. Though
somehow, Shendu is able to draw out more strength from this power.​

Oooh, a nice one. In fact, I had an idea for this. I accepted, and the talisman formed, and fell
into my hand. Even just holding it idly, I felt its power.
"This is the Ox Talisman." I explained, showing it to Nami. "Seems it's one of Twelve, all
granting different abilities. This one gives the user super strength."
"Oh Wow." Nami breathed. "So… can anyone use these things, or just you?"
"Zangetsu is bound to me, but most of the items can be loaned to others if I choose. I'd only
do so for people I truly trust, though."
"I see..."
"So, now that I've shown you what I needed to, back to the matter at hand. Would you like to
accept my commi-"
"YES, yes, absolutely!" Nami blurted, snatching up the money and holding it close. "I'm in."
"Alright! Welcome aboard, Navigator Nami." I held my hand out to her.
She took hold and shook it. "Take good care of me, okay?"
"Always. Now, think fast!" I tossed the Talisman to her, and she caught it.

"H-Huh?" she stuttered. "Wait, why are you giving this to me? I thought you said-"
"I know what I said. Think of it as… an investment. Now you'll be able to defend yourself
and fight beside us far better." I gestured at a 2 meter-tall safe (already looted, no doubt) in
the corner of the room. "Give it a try."
Nami looked at the Talisman, then the safe. She walked over, bent down, and grabbed one of
the legs. "W-Woah!" she exclaimed, as she lifted it above her head with ease, nearly losing
her balance. "Holy shit, it works! This is amazing!" She carefully put the safe down.
"You can sew that into your clothes, and it'll work just the same without worrying about
carrying it. Just be sure it's sewn into something you'll wear every day, or something
interchangeable, or whatever."
"Thank you, Evan. Truly." Then she sauntered over to me, getting real close with lidded eyes
and a smile that ohcrap. "You know, between the money, and everything else you're doing for
me, a girl might start getting ideas."
While certain I was blushing madly, I held my cool, and raised an eyebrow. "You think
seducing me will get you access to more epic items?"
"Maaaybe~. Is it working?"
"Are we interrupting something here?" We turned, seeing Zoro in the doorway, smirking.
Luffy was right behind him, head tilted.
Nami threw an arm around me, and I was suddenly very aware of her breasts pressed into my
side. "Why, Zoro? Feeling jealous?" Nami preened, a catty grin on her face.
Zoro rolled his eyes. "As if, money witch." He then noticed the 20 Mil Sack. "Speaking of
which, where'd all that cash come from?"
"It's hers, used to be mine." I stated. "I convinced her to join our crew on commission. Nami's
officially our navigator now!"
"Woohoo!" Luffy cheered. "That's two new nakama!"
"Hey, don't get too excited." Nami scoffed. "It's not like a fully official thing yet."
"Doesn't matter! New Nakama!"
"Give it up, Nami." I remarked. "I'm pretty sure he'd just bother the hell out of you until you
said yes, he's already so decided."
She shook her head and sighed, but had a small smile on her face. Zoro chuckled a little.

~BtWwG~​

Some time later, we left Orange Town aboard a decent-sized fishing vessel. Nothing
compared to the Merry, but suitable for our needs for now. During one of our days of travel
to our next destination, Zoro managed to talk me into sparring with him. We may have had
limited space, but he figured honing himself against a fellow swordsman of any level was
better than not at all.
"Oh, hey." I noted. "Nami, when you can break from navigating, you should get some combat
practice with Luffy. Since he can take it, rubber body and all."
Nami looked thoughtful. "You know, that's not too bad an idea. What do you think, Luffy?"
"Sure! It'll help you get stronger, so I'm in." he grinned.
"You sure about that?" Zoro questioned. "She's not helpless, but she isn't exactly that strong."
"Firstly," I began. "Wouldn't that last be more reason for her to spar and get stronger?"
"Point."
"Second, she'll be fine. She's got the Ox Talisman now, so she needs practice with her
newfound strength."
"Huh?" Luffy and Zoro blurted.
"Oh, yeah. Remember when I explained my power and where my artifacts come from?" They
nodded. "Well, I rolled a new one before you guys found us, and gave it to her. The Ox
Talisman grants its wielder super strength."
"Awesome~!" Luffy bounced. "Hurry up, you guys, I really wanna spar with Nami now!"
"Easy, Luffy. It gives her super strength, not durability. You don't want to hurt her too much."
I thought about that for a moment. "Then again, I do still have the White Phial, so physical
injuries won't be that big a problem."
"That doesn't make me feel better." Nami grumbled.
"Of course it will, that's exactly what the Phial does!" I joked.
*CLONK*

"GYAAH!" I shouted, flipping ass-over-kettle, caused by a Nami-propelled bucket to the
head. "Everybody's a critic…" The others only laughed.

~BtWwG~​

A couple of days of travel (and sparring) later, and we reached our destination, Gecko
Islands. We discussed our need for a better ship and supplies, and set out for here as we heard
they had a shipyard somewhere. We stretched our limbs, walking onto the shore, and it wasn't
long before we all heard a laugh coming from up on the hill. We looked up to see a skinny
young man with a long nose emerge from the shrubbery, staring down at us with crossed
arms and a confident smile. Several pirate flags were sticking up in the bushes behind him
bearing a long-nosed jolly roger.
"Stop right there!" he called. "I am Captain Usopp, the great protector of this village! State
your business here, otherwise my 80 million followers will chase you to the ends of Hell!"
The others had looks of confusion or unimpressed. "Well… shit." I said. "He's got over a
tenth of the world's population as followers."
"Really, now? That's impressive." Zoro added, smirking. "Maybe we should run."
"He's lying," Nami intoned.
"Crap! I've been found out!" Usopp exclaimed, Luffy bursting out laughing.
"Next time, try 8000 men." I added. "Much more believable."
Usopp paused. "Damn, that does sound believable." he muttered. "N-Nevertheless, I still
have several loyal men by my side!"
"You mean the three flag-shakers over there?" I pointed out.
"AHHH, HE KNOWS!" the three kids screamed, running like the devil was on their heels.
"Oh come on, don't run!!" Usopp panicked.
"Hey, hey, calm down," Luffy managed as his laughter subsided. "I think I know who you
are. You're Yasopp's son, right? Let's just talk about things over food. We're not here to
pillage or anything."

That caught me off guard. Luffy recognized Usopp real quick here. Odd. Usopp lost his
balance and fell off the hill he was standing on, landing face first in the dirt. "I-It's true that
I'm Yasopp's son…" he said, getting up. "But how did you know?"
Luffy smiled genuinely. "You remind me of him. Even the way you gloat is the same."
Usopp's chest swelled up with pride. "Eheheh, alright then. Why don't we go back to my
village? We can talk over some grub."
Usopp took the lead, taking our crew to the local restaurant. On the way, Luffy talked to
Usopp about his father; how Yasopp never shut up about his kid, which is how he recognized
Usopp, and his excellent sniper skills. Usopp smiled the whole way, glad to hear something
about his father after so long. When we got to the restaurant, Luffy continued his tales as we
ate, Usopp getting ultra-excited when hearing that Yasopp was the sniper of the Red-Hair
Pirates. He'd known his dad was awesome, but it was probably nice to have it confirmed. It
didn't take long before he excused himself, saying that he had somewhere to be soon.
"I have a feeling that you're thinking of recruiting him, eh Captain?" I remarked as we
finished our meal.
"Shishishi, yeah, probably." Luffy nodded.
Suddenly, the door burst open. "The Usopp Pirates are here!" shouted the kids from earlier,
barging into the restaurant. The trio looked around, confused. "Where's Captain Usopp?" one
demanded.
"Ah, that was some good meat," Luffy sighed, patting his stomach in satisfaction. The three
kids looked at him in horror.
"What? No way! Don't tell me you ate the Captain!"
"About your Captain…" Zoro said, catching their attention. He put on his best evil grin. "He
was delicious."
"AHHHH, ONIBABA!" the kids screamed, looking at Nami of all people.
"Why are you looking at me?!" Nami yelled back, the trio passing out. "Zoro, what did you
say that for?!" Zoro just laughed, and so did I.
When the kids had woken up, we resolved the misunderstanding and/or joke, before they
brought up Usopp. "Oh, so it's that time again?"
"Yep." I confirmed. "He just said he had important business, and took right off."
"Oh, the Captain goes up to the mansion up on the hill." Pepper chuckled
"Yep. He goes there to lie to the Mistress!" Onion added

Nami's eyes narrowed, "Lie to the Mistress? Why would he do a horrible thing like that?"
Carrot shook his head and held his hands up. "No, no! It's actually a very good thing."
"Mistress Kaya lives up there all alone with her servants." Pepper continued. "She gets super
lonely, so Captain decided to try cheering her up with tall tales!"
"So he's a pretty good guy, huh?" Luffy grinned. "I like him. I wonder if he can fight at all?"
"I like the Captain's nosiness!" Carrot chirped up.
"I like his cowardice!" Pepper cheered.
"I like his lies!" Onion finished.
"Those supposed to be strong points or something?" Zoro mumbled.
"So, why don't we pay them a visit." I offered. "The Mistress might even have a ship she's
willing to part with. What do you think, Captain?"
"Sounds great, let's go!"
As we were led to the mansion gate by the 'Usopp Pirate Trio', I ran myself through how I
should deal with Kuro. I figured that it would be best if I mostly played along for now, I
wasn't exactly a master planner. I could really fuck things up if I wasn't careful. Doesn't mean
I was going to take any of his shit, though.
"We're here!" Onion announced. "But the gate's locked, and only Captain knows the secret
entrance."
"Oh, that's no problem for me." I replied, pulling the Skeleton Key from a cloak pocket. I
noticed Nami eyeing it closely (hungrily, even), then used it on the lock to open the gate for
us.
"Alright, Luffy," I began. "You aren't the most sophisticated individual, so just let me or
Nami do the fancy talking and we-"
"Hey!" Luffy called, seeing the slim, beautiful young girl with platinum blonde hair in the
window next to Usopp. "Give us a ship, please!"
'Neverfuckingmind.'
"Hmm, who are all of you?" Kaya inquired.
"Ah, these are a bunch of my fans." Usopp cut in. "They've travelled far and wide to meet-"
"You must be Mistress Kaya!" I interrupted. "A pleasure to be meeting you, quite the
pleasure. I'm Evan. These are my crewmates, Nami and Zoro, and our Captain, Luffy." Usopp

just boggled at the interruption, while the others waved and smiled.
"A pleasure to meet you all too." Kaya smiled back. "Is there anything you are here for?"
"Yeah, we have a request for you!" Nami spoke. "See, we're in need of a bigger ship, and
heard you might have one sitting around, going unused. Sooo we wanted to see if there was
any way you could be convinced to part with it."
Kaya smiled thoughtfully. "Yes, I do in fact have a ship. I think we can co-"
"WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?!" A tall, slim man approached, dressed in a welldesigned black suit with twin gold-colored markings on the front. He wore round, wireframed glasses and had slicked black hair.
"You are all trespassing!" K̶u̶r̶o̶ Klahadore said. "You can't just barge into a mansion like
this!"
"Klahadore, listen!" Kaya spoke up, trying to vouch for us. "These people are-"
"There is no need to explain." He cut her off callously, "We shall speak about it later. Leave,
all of you!"
Unfortunately for him, I was having none of this.
"Excuse me." I spoke, my tone terse. "Are you the master of this mansion? Are you Kaya's
husband?"
"Wha- NO!" Kaya screamed. She nearly lost balance in shock, while Klahadore sputtered
before recovering.
"I am Mistress Kaya's Head Butler." He said tightly, his eyes narrowed.
"Then kindly do not interrupt your Mistress whilst she is conducting business." I continued.
"Not only did you interrupt her as if you owned the place, but you were incredibly rude in
cutting her off mid-sentence."
Klahadore blustered, and even Kaya looked surprised. "Mistress Kaya is sick. She can't
handle this kind of excitement."
"How odd. She looks pretty lively for sick and bed-ridden. Or at least she did, until you
showed up. You do realize that humans, like many creatures, are social animals?
We need interaction with other beings, it's Mental Wellness 101. Or, 201? Whatever. Point is,
perhaps you should stop smothering her and let her live. You're the butler, right? Go off and
butle."
Klahadore grit his teeth, clearly frustrated that he was being stonewalled harder than Jackson.
Then I caught his gaze turn to what he must consider an easier target. He calmed himself and

adjusted his glasses with the bottom of the palm of his hand. "You there. You're that ruffian
Usopp, are you not?" He said. "I've heard of you from the villagers."
"That's right!" Usopp grinned. "I'm glad you've heard of me! You can call me 'Great Captain'
Usopp! Everyone does!"
Klahadore adjusted his glasses again. "I've also heard from the guards that you were lurking
about the property. What do you want?"
"Ah…" Usopp hesitated, but he wasn't a 'liar' for nothing. "I heard there was a giant mole
inside the mansion, and I wanted to come see it myself!"
"Hahaha." Klahadore chuckled mirthlessly, "Yes, I can see that you certainly can lie well. I've
heard about your father too." Usopp's grin died. "You're the son of a filthy pirate who
abandoned your mother. I'm not surprised you turned out this way."
"Take it back..." Usopp fumed, fists clenching.
"You and the Mistress belong to entirely different worlds. Stay away from her! What is it
you're after, then, money? Name your price!"
"Klahadore, that's enough!" Kaya chastised. "Apologise at once!"
"Nonsense." Klahadore sneered. "I'm merely speaking the truth. There's no need for me to
apologize to this uncivilized wretch." He pushed his glasses back into place, "I feel sorry for
you. You must hate your father. After all, he's just an uncivilized, worthless, filthy nobody
who deserted his family."
"KLAHADORE!"
"I won't let you badmouth my father!" Usopp barked.
"Why so angry? You're no smarter than him, are you? You could simply lie like always, say
you've no blood ties to a disgusting pira-"
It was then that Klahadore was interrupted. Not by Usopp clocking him, but by my own
rising laughter. The rest of my crew and Kaya stared, dumbfounded, while Usopp merely
looked betrayed. Luffy wore his no-thoughts-head-empty look.
"Are you touched in the head?" Klahadore snorted.
"No no, it's just…" I started, calming myself. "You're hilarious. If you weren't Butlering,
you'd have a solid career in clowning. If you weren't so fucking pathetic, I mean."
"Excuse me?" Klahadore challenged, eyes narrowed.
"You heard me. Pathetic. You're talking so much shit about Usopp and his father, it's so
obvious that you want to get a rise out of him, so that he'll slug you in the face, and you can

dismiss him as 'a violent savage like his dad', when in fact he'd be totally justified." I grinned.
"You don't even know who his father is, do you? Not even his name?"
"Why should I know the name of a worthless hack?" Klahadore seethed.
"Yasopp, Third Mate and Sniper of the Red-Hair Pirates. Under 'Red-Haired' Shanks, one of
the Yonkō of the New World." Klahadore and Kaya's eyes both widened. "How's that for a
'worthless hack'."
Usopp was grinning proudly, but Klahadore wasn't done. "Him? Preposterous! You're as bad
of a liar as he is!"
"I'm proud of my father!" Usopp roared. "I'm proud that he is a Brave Warrior of the Sea!"
"Proud? Even high-level scum of the seas is still scum of the seas!"
"Oh, Klahadore." I added. "I do believe Mistress Kaya told you to apologise to Usopp. You're
the Head Butler, yes? Best follow your Mistress' orders."
Klahadore just glared at me, likely wishing he had a laser-eyes Devil Fruit.
"Klahadore." Kaya intoned, looking uncharacteristically cross. "You heard me. Apologize to
Usopp. Now."
For an instant, the mask slipped, and Kuro fixed Kaya with a bloodthirsty look. But he
reverted to indignant butler before she noticed, and sighed. "As you wish, Mistress." He
turned and bowed to Usopp. "My deepest apologies for slighting you, Mister Usopp."
"Good. Now, take your leave, I'll entertain my guests here"
"But Mistre-"
"You may leave now," she reiterated, and edge to her voice.
Klahadore was still a bit shocked, but bowed again, and walked away.
"You can come in. I'll have another of my staff arrange some tea for you"
"That sounds lovely." I smiled.
The kids left, since it 'wasn't their business', as they said, and the rest of us were brought into
a spacious dining room and were served some tea by another butler while Kaya dressed up a
bit.
"Thank you for inviting us in," Nami began when Kaya showed up.
"Ah yes. I apologize for the shameful display earlier"

"Ah, it's fine." I waved off. "Some people just can't help but be…pricks, I suppose. I'm sure
he had some reason."
Luffy leaned forward. "I want a ship."
Nami smacked him in the head. "Could you try not to be so blunt?!"
"Nami, I'm pretty sure that's like asking the sun not to set in the evening, where Luffy's
concerned." I replied.
"Urgh, I knoooow…"
"At any rate, he's not wrong. Again, we're in the market for a better vessel, and heard one
might be in your possession."
"Ah, yes!" Kaya nodded. "We do have a ship that we rarely use. It was made as a leisure
vessel for my family, but it's been mostly idle after my parents' passing. Merry has designed
the ship, so I think it'll be better if we hear his opinion"
She called for him and a butler with sheep-like hair, complete with horns, entered the room.
"Yes, Miss Kaya?"
"These people want to buy a ship and I wondered whether you would be willing to sell them
the ship you designed. It is currently just sitting with no one using it after all"
Merry looked thoughtful. "Hmm. Well, I'm not opposed to selling the ship. It's been barely
used, as Miss Kaya said. I'll have the ship cleaned up today, so you can all come by
tomorrow. I'll give you a tour and you can decide if you want to buy her"
"Well, that was fairly easy…" Nami commented. "Wait a minute, just how are we paying for
the ship again?"
I raised my hand. "Yo."
Nami thought about that, and nodded. "Yeah, that's fair."
From there, we said our farewells, and went our separate ways, Usopp promising Kaya he'd
come by tomorrow with new tales. Usopp went off on his own, presumably to the cliffside,
and Luffy went and followed him. Nami and Zoro stopped just outside the village, where the
Pirate Kid Trio caught up to ask questions. I decided to go for a walk, to get some thinking
time in. I wondered how Luffy had recognized Usopp so fast here, I swear it was supposed to
happen at the mansion, or something. Ah, well, maybe all of Yasopp hyping up his son stuck
with Luffy, and he remembered better. Still, this made me wary of potential butterflies, likely
caused by my entry into the world. What else could-

ping
You have earned an Item Roll!​

1. Armament Haki, Intermediate (One Piece)​
2. UNSC Pelican-class G79 Gunship (Halo)​
3. Dragon Blade (Naruto)​
4. Basilisk Fang (Harry Potter)​
5. Ace of Winchesters (DC)​
6. Eva's Hammer (Wolfenstein)​
7. Completed Arc Reactor (MCU)​
8. Ultimatrix (Ben 10)​
9. Blades of Chaos (God of War)​
10. Animus HR-8.5 (Assassins Creed)​
11. Seeker's Mask (Sniper: Ghost Warrior-Contracts)​
12. Auriel's Bow (Elder Scrolls)​
13. Rooster Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
14. Argent Energy Cell (Doom)​
15. Expanded Suitcase (Harry Potter)​
16. Magic Lamp (Disney's Aladdin)​
17. Magic Hammer (Disney's Wreck-It Ralph)​
18. Monado (Xenoblade Chronicles)​
19. Bag of Holding (DnD)​
20. Phase Oscillator (DC)​

Oh, hell yeah. New toys. Maybe I could roll something to help give Usopp an edge, some
kind of ranged weapon. I did eye the Armament Haki at 1, though, that would be really good.
I summoned the D20, and tossed it, watching it come to rest on 5.

Ace of Winchesters (DC)​

Not gonna lie, I don't recognise that one. Something to do with the Royal Flush Gang,
maybe? I used one of my two rerolls, and came up Lucky 7.

Completed Arc Reactor (MCU)
The Arc Reactor was a device initially designed by Howard Stark, and later adapted by
his son, Tony. He miniaturized the technology, which had an energy output of 3
gigajoules per second, for use in powering a life-saving electromagnet in his chest, and
the Iron Man suit. This is not that Reactor. This is the finished model, utilizing a core of
Badassium (no, really), Tony Stark's New Element, that seemingly never needs
replacement. Comes with blueprints of Badassium in case one isn't limited by the
technology of his time.​

Oh. Oh now that is useful. I could pass and use the 2nd reroll, hoping for a ranged weapon,
but this was too good. Sorry Usopp. I accepted, and the Arc Reactor, as well as the blueprints,
materialized. I grabbed them, and stashed them in my cloak, intent on storing them aboard
my Fortress alongside the Holoprojectors later. I end up with more pressing matters, as when
I turn to continue on my path, I collide with Usopp sprinting down the road at what seemed
like Mach 1.
"Ow." I deadpanned, helping the sniper up. "Damn, Usopp, where's the fire?"
At first, Usopp begins to babble like Courage the Cowardly Dog. I dissuaded him from this
with a swift chop to the noggin.
"Use your words, buddy."
"R-Right, sorry. B-But, it's terrible! I overheard that butler, Klahadore, talking with his weird
hypnotist comrade. But he's not called Klahadore, his real name is Kuro, a pirate captain
known for his extensive planning! They're plotting to force Kaya to write Kuro into her will
as sole inheritor, kill her, and devastate the village with an attack by their crew!" His breath
hitched. "They even… got Luffy killed!"
"Luffy? Dead? How?"
"That Jango guy hypnotized him to sleep, and he fell off the cliff head-first! His neck must've
broken on impact…"
"Oh! Right, you don't know. Luffy ate a Devil Fruit, and his entire body is essentially made
of rubber. Blunt-force trauma means basically nothing to him, so he's probably still asleep
where he fell."

Usopp's jaw hung loose. "Wha-I… well, that's a relief to hear, anyway…" He shot up. "No,
wait! I can't waste any more time! I gotta warn the village that pirates are coming!" He began
to run off, but I held him running in place by his shirt collar.
"Just like you always do, right?"
"Exactly! Just like I… always… do…" Usopp trailed off, and stopped running. "Wait, how
did you know-?"
"Overheard some villagers talking. You lie about pirates coming almost every day. What's
gonna happen when you try it now, but it's the truth?"
Usopp's expression grew horrified. "Nobody will believe me…"
"You 'Boy Who Cried Wolf'ed yourself here, Usopp. The only recourse now is to make a
stand. I'm sure my crew will help, just gotta debrief them and ask."
"O-Okay. But I at least gotta try to warn Kaya! She might believe me!"
"Or, she might think you're trying to get back at the butler for his nasty comments." I
countered. Usopp wilted. "That being said, it's better to be safe than sorry. I'll come with you,
and try to help."
"Really?" he asked tearfully. "Y-You will?"
"Of course. But remember, explain calmly, and with utmost seriousness. Lest you cause her
to doubt."
Usopp smiled. "Th-Thank you! Let's go!" He took off running again, and I was right behind
him. 'Damn, he's fast.' In no time, we're passing right by where the others were lounging.
"Guys! No time to talk, Luffy's passed out on the shore!" I speak quickly as we pass. "Go
wake him up! Crew meeting!"
"Wha-Hey, wait!" Nami shouted after us.
In no time, we arrived back at the mansion, and I slipped us passed the gate. We found Kaya
by an open window, being attended to by Merry. Usopp then told both of them everything he
told me.
"This is preposterous!" Merry exclaimed. "Mister Usopp, I know what Klahadore said to you
was rather cruel, but this is a bit too far."
"Mistress Kaya." I interjected. "Mister Merry. You can claim he roped me into a lie if you
wish, but I believe Usopp. Earlier, I felt like I recognized Klahadore from somewhere, and
I did. From one of the old bounty posters of 'Thousand Plans' Kuro. The man is a dead ringer,
too much so to be coincidence. Furthermore, Kuro was supposedly captured and executed
around 3 years ago… Roughly the same time your parents took in Klahadore." Now the two

looked like they were starting to think about it.
"What's more, the man who supposedly captured Kuro in the first place was Captain 'AxeHand' Morgan, commander of Shells Town Base. The same man who was just recently
arrested for abuse of power and other such crimes against the people of Shells Town. He
might've struck a bargain with Kuro to fake his death and advance his career. There's too
much evidence to ignore here."
Kaya looked wholly uncomfortable, conflicting feelings clashing within her. "Usopp… you
do go around every morning lying about pirates coming. How is this different…?"
Usopp shuddered, then spoke. "That lie was originally something I started for my mom when
she fell ill. I hoped it would strengthen her spirits, thinking dad was coming home, help her
stay alive and get better. After she died…I guess I kept it going because I needed the lie.
Hoping that one day, it wouldn't be a lie, and dad would really come back, and I could go
with him." He took Kaya's hand, tears in his eyes. "Kaya, I've lied about a lot of things, even
to you. But when it comes to your safety, I would never lie, even if it killed me!"
…God Damn, Usopp. Talk about words from the heart. I think even Merry is convinced here.
Kaya trembled, then nodded. "Okay, Usopp. I believe you."
"But-But, what do we do?" Merry asked. "If Klahadore really is Kuro, then…"
"You two do nothing." I told them. "Be ready to bolt at a minute's notice, but otherwise
pretend everything is business as usual. Also, Merry, avoid Kuro as best you can. We don't
want him to decide his plan is close enough, and to slay someone he might see as 'annoying'
for fun."
Merry gulped. "Noted. But what are you all going to do?"
"Like Kaya said, Usopp always lies that "Pirates are coming'." I smiled. "Our crew's gonna
ensure that it stays a lie."

Chapter End Notes

Before you say anything, yes, I do know what the Ace of Winchesters is. I didn't when I
first wrote this, so narratively, neither would Evan. Knowing what he knows, he'd have
absolutely taken it. Ah well!
Until next chapter, good afternoon, good evening, and good night!

Chapter 5: Cat Scratch Fever, Part II
"So, that's our current situation." I finished. Usopp and I caught up with the others on the
coast, filling them in on what Luffy didn't.
"Looks like we're in for a fight, alright." Nami commented. "I suppose it's as good an
opportunity as any to put myself to the test. By the way, I call dibs-!"
"On their treasure, we know." I finished with a smirk.
"Wha…" Usopp blinked. "You guys really will fight with me? Why?"
"You're outnumbered." Luffy said.
"You have 'I'm scared as hell' written all over your face." Zoro grinned, "But you're going to
fight anyway."
"Idiots!" He screamed. "Scared? Why would I be scared?! I have the blood of a courageous
warrior running in me! I'm Captain Usopp! They can't compete with me!" A pretty speech, to
be sure, but more believable if his knees weren't knocking so much that he punched his own
legs to calm down. "Okay! So maybe I am scared! It's the crew of 'Thousand Plans' Kuro! He
was known as a ruthless, notorious Pirate! I don't need your sympathy!"
"What sympathy?" I asked. "We're only commending your courage."
"Yeah, why else would we risk our own lives?" Luffy said.
"Money." I added, pointing directly at Nami.
"Oh, shut up!" she yelled back. I snickered in response.
"You… you guys!" Usopp began tearing up, "I'm so touched… Ah! Anyway, back to the
matter at hand! This slope is the only way into the village! They'll have to come here to get
into the town! The rest is just cliffs, so as long as we guard this one place, everything should
be fine!"
Luffy grinned and punched his fists together, "Sounds easy to me!"
"Easier said than done, actually." Usopp countered, "Anyway, what are you guys all good
at?"
"Cutting!" Zoro smirked.
"Stretching!" Luffy grinned.

"Stealing!" Nami chuckled.
"Brawling?" I shrugged.
Usopp grinned, "Hiding!"
"YOU'RE FIGHTING TOO!" Luffy, Nami, and Zoro yelled, making Usopp jump.
"Well, duh, of course he is." I spoke up. "Hiding is just part of his stratagem."
"Come again?" Zoro asked.
"Well, Usopp's specialty is clearly ranged combat, so putting him in a close-quarters brawl
would be foolish." I explained. "Sure, he can train later to cover his bases, but having him
hiding in the back, giving us covering fire, is the best use of Usopp's abilities."
Nami hummed, then nodded. "Yeah, I can see that logic." Usopp beamed with pride.
The time we had left was spent setting up our battle plans. I was the one who brought up that
the pirates more likely might attack from the other shore, as Kuro and Jango were caught
plotting on this one. Thus, we set ourselves up on the Northern Slope. We went and hid the
ship we've been using, then covered the incline with oil, and lightly buried caltrops in the
sand below it.
When Nami brought up loaning my las-rifle to Usopp, I hesitated, but decided that it would
be a good emergency weapon. I told him how to use it, and to be sparing with the ammo, as I
had a limited amount. Soon, sunrise came, and with it came the Black Cat Pirates, the Bezan
Black pulling up to the shore. The pirates all leaped off the ship, and charged with a battle
cry. Only for the caltrops to interrupt them, but not for long, as they sank in the sand as much
as they jabbed their feet.
"Hey, Captain! There's people at the top!" one pirate shouted, noticing us.
"Behold, I am Captain Usopp!" Usopp yelled, revealing himself properly. "I have prepared
for your arrival! If you don't want to die, retreat at once!"
"You…you're the one who overheard our plan." Jango said. "What do you want?"
"I want you all out of here!" Usopp proclaimed, "Retreat if you value your lives! If you don't,
my 8000 subordinates will charge and kill you all!"
That actually made the Black Cats pause in fear. "Wh-What?!" Jango yelped. "We're
outnumbered! We have to retreat!"
"Captain, I'm pretty sure he's lying." a smarter pirate spoke.
"Damn, nearly had them!" Usopp lamented.

"You dare lie to me?" Jango grumbled. "Charge, men! If they're in the way, just kill them!
Destroy the village!"
The Black Cat Pirates roared, beginning their charge up the slope. Once the first wave of
pirates stepped on the area covered with oil, they slipped and fell face first on the ground
before the next wave of pirates behind them ended up stepping on them and fell down too.
"What the hell?!" / "Too slippery!" / "It's oil!"
"Woah! It really worked!" Usopp exclaimed.
"Why are you the one most surprised by it?" Nami muttered with a sweat-drop.
"More tricks, eh?" Jango drawled. "Alright, men! Look at this ring. When I say 'One, Two,
Jango!', you'll all forcibly shove your feet and swords into the ground to climb up the slope as
fast as you can no matter what!"
"Is he trying to hypnotize people? As if that would ever work" Nami scoffed
"You'd be surprised. Look." I said, pointing the pirates out as Jango successfully hypnotized
them, and they began their climb.
"Oh, what the fuck."
"Alright, Usopp, open fire!"
Usopp shook off his shock, quickly pulled out his slingshot and loaded his projectiles. He
began launching them at the pirates, a Lead Star here, an Exploding Star there, dropping
them one by one. He didn't miss a shot, either. However, with sheer numbers, they began
nearly making it up the slope.
"Hey, Usopp." I started. "You have any ammo more… incendiary in nature?"
"Huh? Yeah, I have my Flame Sta- ah…" Usopp stopped and grinned as he came to the same
conclusion. He stopped firing, and loaded a new ammo. "On your mark?"
"Make ready…" I watched and waited, and as the pirates got to the top of the slick, I called
out, "Light 'em up!"
"Flame Star!" Usopp fired his shot directly at the ground, causing the entire oil slick, and all
the pirates on it, to ignite.
"AAAAARGH!" / "THAT BUURNS!" / "OUR FLESH!"
The pirates all tumbled, falling over each other and back down to the bottom of the slope. In
the process, the fire on both themselves and the ground ended up put out by the dirt.
"You idiots!" Jango yelled. "We're already late! We need to meet with Captain Kuro, or he'll

kill us. Get up!" Many of the ones who charged were down for the count, but others were
helped up by their comrades who hadn't been burnt.
"Welp!" I said, drawing Zangetsu. "I think we've held off long enough. Shall we countercharge and kick their asses?"
"It's about time." Zoro replied, drawing two of his own swords. "I'm itching to get some
exercise in."
"Shishishi, let's do this!" Luffy exclaimed. "CHARGE!"
At the Captain's call, the lot of us followed him running down the slope, Usopp staying where
he was, and resuming his barrage of fire. Jango reinforced the courage of his crew via
hypnosis, and they charged to meet us in the middle. It was a glorious battle. I've kicked
some ass before, but doing so side by side with the Straw Hat Crew, my crew… the feeling is
incredible. As I weaved amongst the Black Cats, cutting them down and ramming my
knee/elbow/free fist into their vulnerable spots, I observed the rest of my crewmates.
Zoro was a whirlwind, slashing any pirate foolish enough to get close, Luffy was eating
bullets and blunt weapons for breakfast, and whipping his limbs into skulls and stomachs.
Nami was the most pleasing to see, as she used her newfound superstrength to play baseball
with her staff as the bat, and the pirates as the balls. Or would that be a different sport?
Luckily she learned how to regulate her strength, else she might've smashed skulls like eggs.
Soon, the Black Cat Pirates' mooks were down to a handful, for whom the hypnosis seemed
to no longer work, as they began backing away in fear.
"This is turning into a disaster." Jango groused. Then he grinned maliciously, "Luckily, we
still have those two. Nyaban Brothers! Get out here!"
Two new pirates emerged from the Bezan Black. One of them was an overweight man with a
golden bell attached to his throat. He had two wide-spread fangs, a black hat shaped like a
cat's ears, and a fluffy cape. The other was a skinny man with curly green hair, a hunchback,
and cat ears sticking out of his hair. Additionally, his shorts rode so high you could see
practically all of his pale, stick-like thighs.
"… the fuck?" I muttered. 'That does not look as amusing as it did onscreen.'
"Sham! Buchi!" Jango yelled, "We couldn't get past the slope because these guys are
guarding it! Now, go destroy them!"
The two seized up, hackles raised, "What?! Buchi, how can we… we can't beat these guys!"
"Yeah!" Buchi stammered, "They look way too strong!"
"We're just the ship's guards! We don't fight like this!"
"Yeah, we don't want to participate in these kinds of battles!"

"WE DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THIS!" Jango roared. "GO, NOW!"
"GAH! Why me!?" Sham sobbed, before timidly running forward. "Prepare to dieee~! My
claws are really sharp!"
Zoro had to hold back the urge to facepalm, "You sure you want to do that? I won't hold back
if you don't run." Sham got close to Zoro, who only re-drew one of his burner swords.
Suddenly, a grin appeared on his face and a gleam shone in his eye. Zoro's eyes widened,
"Shit!" He grunted as the formerly timid cat surged forward and tried to claw him."Tricky
bastard!"
Sham grinned, "What, you thought I was just a coward? Of course! You wouldn't have let
your guard down if I hadn't faked it."
"Zoro, your katana!" Nami called. Zoro growled as he looked down and noticed both of his
other swords gone.
"Oh, are you missing something?" Sham smirked. "I'm afraid I don't know where they went!"
A clear lie, as Wado and the other burner were on his back. "You may have a few skills, but
you underestimated Sham of the Nyaban Brothers!"
Zoro growled angrily, "My katana." He said dangerously, "I'll give you one chance to give
them back."
Sham cackled. "Give them back? Why? I'm practically doing you a favor!" He shrugged.
"You've already got the one ya know. These other two will just get in the way." He grabbed
the two swords, licking his lips, "So before our battle starts-"
"Hado 4: Byakurai (Pale Lightning)!"
A thin, unstable beam of white light lanced forth, piercing Sham through the middle, making
him fall screaming in pain, both swords dropped and rolled to Zoro's feet, who quickly
snatched them back up.
'Finally! I thought I'd never get that to work.' I've been trying to teach myself some Kido
spells from memory, and with Zangetsu's help, so I'm glad to see progress. "Caught you
monologuing, asshole." I gloated, blowing out the smoke from my fingers.
"Sham! NO!" Buchi ran forward and jumped, his claws ready. "Cat the Funjatta!" Just as
his dropkick/stomp was nearing us, Nami jumped in. Her staff caught Buchi in the face, and
sent the man howling into the Bezan Black's figurehead. He peeled off and fell to the ground,
unconscious.
"B-Buchi!" Sham screamed. He didn't have time to consider anything else, as Zoro laid him
out with a quick slash to the chest. We all looked toward Jango, one of the last men standing.
"Dammit…" he growled. He raised his pendulum and rapidly spoke.
"WhenIsay'OneTwoJang-'!" The pendulum was shot out of his hand, courtesy of Usopp.

"This is over, Jango." I stated. "All that's left now is-"
"WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?!"
"Him, as it turns out." I turned with everyone else, to see Kuro arrive on the cliffs, almost
literally steaming in rage.
"It's been more than an hour since dawn!" he bellowed. "Are you telling me you couldn't
handle a bunch of kids!? Jango!"
"I-I'm sorry, Captain." Jango gulped. "These people are a lot stronger than we expected. We
prepared for an easy surprise raid, not a well-defended chokepoint!"
"Hmph. It appears that the Black Cat Pirates have only gotten weaker in my absence. You
useless peons!" His glasses flashed as he adjusted them once more.
"Weak?!" Sham hissed in agony, standing up. "These guys are really strong! The only weak
one here is you! You've been pampering yourself here in peace while we've kept fighting for
three years! You've lost your touch!"
"That's right!" spoke one mook. "Don't look down on us, Captain Kuro!"
"You've failed! And you all know what I do to people who fail me!" Kuro adjusted his
glasses, "Call me weak? How about I prove you wrong by killing you for it!"
Sham charged. "You're not my Captain anymore! Rather than die at your hand, I'll kill you
first!"
He slashed at Kuro, and only the bag he carried, now shredded and empty, fell to the ground.
"Who did you say you were going to kill?" Kuro said, standing behind him.
"Damn!" Sham yelled, only to be cut down in an instant. Kuro gouged him from behind, and
blood spurted through the air. Now he was wearing a set of fuzzy gloves with long blades
attached to the fingers.
"There it is." Jango uttered. "His signature 'Silent Step' technique."
"Hey…" Luffy said, catching Kuro's attention. He walked forward, eyes shadowed by his hat,
"What do you think you're doing?"
"'What am I doing?'" Kuro sneered. "I thought it was rather clear."
Luffy continued walking. "Isn't that guy your crew? Your nakama?!" I could feel a chill go
down my spine. Ohhh, Kuro just pissed off Luffy. This'll not end well for him.
"Nakama?" Kuro scoffed, "Oh, please, my men are pawns at best. They should know better

than to fail me." He pushed his glasses back into place again. Cunt.
"KLAHADORE!"
'Oh dear god no.' We looked to see Kaya emerge from just near where Usopp was. "STOP
THIS RIGHT NOW!"
"Kaya?!" Usopp exclaimed.
"Ah?" Kuro looked at her. "Mistress Kaya. You shouldn't be out of bed."
"Kaya, what are you doing?!" I barked. "It's too dangerous for you to be here!" I got a bad
feeling. "Merry isn't hurt, is he?"
"Merry's fine. I… I just had to see this for myself. How can I stand by or run when you're all
here risking your lives for us!"
'A nice sentiment, truly, but foolish when you're the enemy's ultimate goal!'
"Klahadore… no, Kuro! You want my money, right? I'll let you have all of it! Just take it and
go! Never come back!"
Kuro chuckled darkly, adjusting his glasses. "Oh, but I'm afraid that just isn't possible,
'Mistress' Kaya."
"What?" Kaya gasped.
"It was not only your money I sought, but the tranquility of my soul." His eyes were hidden
by the glinting of his glasses, "I've spent the past three years ingratiating myself to this
village. I feel at peace here. With your death, and with my name on your will, I stood to
inherit it all. Then I wouldn't have any of those 'Justice' idiots chasing me. They all think I'm
dead, after all." He smirked as tears flowed down her face, and she clapped a hand to her
mouth.
"Run, Kaya!" Usopp leapt to his feet, only to be shocked at her next action.
She pulled a pistol from her jacket and aimed it straight at Kuro, "Leave this village!"
"Oh? It appears you've grown stronger if you're pointing that at me." Kuro smirked. "A lot
has happened in the past three years. I wonder if you still remember all the boat rides and
shopping trips we've had together. Every time your illness showed itself, I took care of
you…" Her eyes looked even glassier than when she was sobbing. "Three years… I've
suffered taking care of a naïve little girl like you for three years! Me, a former Pirate Captain,
pretending to be kind, for a waif like you to like me!" As he ranted, I noticed Kaya regained
the strength in her gaze, and then came something I did not expect.
Kaya pulled the trigger.

*BANG*
Kuro started falling, a look of shock on his face. Then he disappeared, reappearing again in
front of her, a small trail of blood from his left cheek where the bullet grazed him. He had a
look of utter rage on his face as he raised his claws high. "How dare you! I'll make sure you
suffer before you die for that!" Kaya backed away in panic as his hand swung downward.
*CLANG*
I intercepted Kuro's strike with Zangetsu, Flash Step sending me in the way. "Awfully brave
of you, Mistress Kaya." I grunted. "But I think you've made your point. Usopp! Change of
plans! Grab Kaya and get her out of sight, we'll finish up!"
"Right!" Usopp affirmed, running to Kaya's side. "Smoke Star!" He shot a round at the
ground, sending out a smoke cloud. As it started clearing, we saw Usopp running, leading
Kaya back into the woods.
Kuro scoffed. "Jango! Get after them, now!"
"A-Aye, Captain!" he yelped, the hypnotist beginning to pursue them. However, Nami's
collapsible bo-staff had other plans. Namely, getting briefly lodged in the back of Jango's
skull, sending him flying off to the far end of the beach, unconscious in the sand.
"I don't think so!" Nami taunted, tongue sticking out. "I'm gonna go ahead and get any
treasure these idiots still have. You boys can handle it from here, right?"
I nodded. "Will do, have fun!" I stiffened as I saw Kuro's other Krueger-glove coming at me.
"Gum-Gum Pistol!" Luffy bellowed, his fist stretching to crash into Kuro's face, sending
him back several feet and breaking our standoff.
Kuro stood back up, glasses cracked, as he glared bloody murder at us. "You'll pay for that,
scum."
"Yeah, c'mon Captain!" / "You can do it, Kur-er, Klahadore!" / Yeah, kill 'em!"
"Silence, all of you!" Kuro declared. "Once everything is over, all of you must die. Even
Jango is no exception."
"Ehhhhh?!" the remaining conscious pirates exclaimed.
"He-Hey, quit joking, Captain." one of them called. "It's not too late to attack the village. We
just gotta get the girl back, and Jango can still make her change the will! The plan can still
work!"
"Oh, the plan is just fine. So long as your corpses are here, the blame will lie with you. I
never intended to let any of you leave here alive. Anyone who knows about me is a detriment
to my plans."

"S-So you… you always planned to kill us, from the very start!"
"But of course! In a pirate fleet, crewmen are just 'pawns' for the Captain to do as he pleases.
Meaning your lives are always in my hands. Even if there's a wall in the way, you'd still have
to do as I say and charge straight at it, sacrificing yourselves for my plan!" He addressed us
now. "That is the way of a pirate! A bunch of foolish brats like you would never understand!"
"Shishishi!" Luffy chuckled. "Even if you're the captain of a ship a hundred men strong, you
still couldn't beat Usopp."
"Fuckin' preach it." I spoke.
Kuro laughed. "You say I'm inferior to a 'Captain' of a bunch of kids playing pirate? How
foolish! In what way am I inferior to him?!" Kuro vanished in his 'Silent Step' technique.
"The way you think! You don't know what a true pirate is supposed to be!" Luffy suddenly
stretched his arm and whipped it backwards, catching Kuro before he could strike, and
sending him crashing into the cliffside.
"Holy… he saw through Captain's technique!" / "Incredible…"
Sadly, that wouldn't be enough for the homicidal butler. "You insult me…" Kuro said, picking
himself up. "Think you know what a true pirate is? I'll show you… along with a pirate's
true terror!" The man then took a stance, hunched over, wobbling back and forth, head down
and eyes shaded.
"Ah, no!" / "Captain, please, not that technique!"/ We'll leave! We'll never speak of you
again, we swear!"
"No, you won't." Kuro intoned. "Shakushi." Just like that, he vanished.
Suddenly, one of the Black Cat Pirates screamed and fell as 5 slashes appeared on his body.
Then another, in a different spot, and another. Deep grooves of five slashes started appearing
everywhere: the ground, pirates, the cliff walls, even the ship.
I watched for a few seconds before I sighed, rolling my eyes. "Fucking please." I disappeared
in a Flash Step, and when I reappeared, sword extended, Kuro fell to his knees behind me, a
large rent in his side.
"Ho-How…?" he hissed. "How could you possibly intercept my 'Shakushi'?"
"You mean your bastardized variant of the Navy's 'Shave' technique?" I asked. "It was way
too damn slow, especially for my 'Flash Step'. I could see you the whole time." I turned and
approached him. "You have no idea what your crew is supposed to be, you
Morganeer failure." I turned to the woods. "Hey, Usopp! You wanna do the honors here,
or…?"

"Exploding Star!" A shot came from the trees, and nailed Kuro in the face, blowing him up,
and putting him down and out.
"Damn, that was a nice shot." Nami praised, approaching with a bag o' loot. "He really is a
talented marksman."
"How'd you make out, Nami?" I asked.
"Eh, not great, they didn't have as much treasure as I'd hoped. Just about One Million Beri."
"Well, in that case, I have an idea. You lot." I turned to the Black Cats still standing, who
flinched. "Gather up your crewmates, get on your ship, and fuck off. But leave your officers,
they've got bounties we can turn in. Got it?"
"Aye, sir, Mr. Super-Fast-Sword-Guy, sir!" The Black Cats shouted, saluting. They proceeded
to get to work, grabbing all their comrades and scrambling aboard the Bezan Black, before
sailing her away.

~BtWwG~​

A few days later, and most of the townspeople were still blissfully ignorant of the battle for
their safety, only having been thrown off by a lack of Usopp's 'morning ritual'. Kaya invited
the crew to stay in her mansion as thanks for saving her and the rest of the island. We were
incredibly thankful, as it felt great to sleep in an actual bed, so we all woke well rested.
Usopp didn't show up at all in spite of the invitation, which seemed to make Kaya a little
tense, but she tried to shake it off.
During our hiatus, the Navy was called, and Marines were sent to assess and collect our
captured quarry. They were skeptical about Kuro, but my explanation caused enough doubt to
at least come and see. We made extra sure Luffy wasn't around to declare us as pirates, since
that would cause no end of trouble. When they confirmed Kuro's identity, they agreed to
honor his bounty so long as we kept quiet about him. We received a grand total of TwentyThree Million Beri, Sixteen for Kuro, and Seven for the Nyaban Brothers.
Jango, however, must not have been as unconscious as we thought, since he was gone when
we finished trussing up the other three. I was worried for a minute, until I remembered that
he'd end up on a journey resulting in him joining the Marines on Captain Hina's crew
alongside Fullbody sometime between now and Alabasta. As for the money, Twelve Million
was given to Nami for her personal horde, the remaining Eleven was reserved as the crew's
money.

On the last day, we were having one last meal at that restaurant from before. Just before we
got up to leave, Kaya came in looking for us, her complexion looking far healthier.
"Mistress Kaya, you're looking much better now." I said, waving in greeting.
"Well, I can't stay in bed forever." she replied. "Thanks to Usopp's friendship, I've been able
to recover this whole time. I can't let my parents' passing keep me down. Now then, I wish to
repay you all for your kindness. Please, follow me." she said before she left.
"Gee, wonder what she wants to give us?" Zoro quipped.
We followed her towards the shore, meeting up with Merry on the way, who was looking well
after avoiding Kuro's wrath. Eventually, we arrived, and beheld a ship resting comfortably on
the coast. It was none other than the Going Merry herself.
"A caravel!" Nami beamed.
"This is for us?" Luffy asked excitedly.
"Yes." Kaya nodded. "She's yours now."
Merry stood before the ship, and bowed. "I'm glad you all like her. She's a bit of an older
style, but she still sails like a dream. She's called The Going Merry, a double-mast caravel
class with both square and triangular sail. When the late Master and Lady asked me to design
her with enough space for all the servants to sail with them, I ended up having to make her a
bit larger than I originally intended. But the Master spared no expense and only wanted the
best for his wife and daughter." Merry smiled warmly as he reminisced on his days of serving
Kaya's parents.
"You're certain you don't want any payment for her?" I asked. "I've more than enough."
"Of course," Kaya nodded. "I insist, actually. I also had the ship fully stocked with everything
you might need."
I bowed. "Thank you again, for going to all the trouble."
Before anyone continued further, we heard screaming coming from up the hill. Looking up,
Usopp rolled down the hill with a boulder-sized backpack on his back.
"SOMEONE STOP MEEE!" he screamed.
"Usopp!" Kaya exclaimed.
"Shishishi! That looks like fun." Luffy said.
"Fun or not, he's headed right for the ship." Zoro added.

Zoro and Luffy both raised their feet, stopping Usopp from hitting the ship, but his face got
smashed against them both.
"Fank 'ou." Usopp mumbled.
"You're welcome." Luffy said. As we began boarding, and Usopp was saying his goodbyes to
Kaya, I walked up to the hull, placing my hand on it.
"Merry…" I muttered. 'I swear, even though I know we can't sail you into the New World, and
the Sunny is probably inevitable, I'll do everything in my power to save you from sinking.
Whatever it takes…' My internal monologue complete, I hopped on board.
"Well, safe voyages, you guys!" Usopp waved. "May our paths cross again!"
"Huh, why?" Luffy asked.
"Why? That's awfully cold of you. I'm heading off on my own pirate journey, and we'll
probably cross paths again someday."
"Quit yapping, and get on already." Zoro said, pointing at the ship.
"Huh?"
"We're friends now, right? So let's go." Luffy smiled.
"C'mon, we're burning daylight here!" I chirped.
Usopp just stared before he jumped and threw his fist into the air.
"I'm a real pirate Captain now!" he screamed.
"No way! I'm the Captain!" Luffy yelled back, causing us all to laugh. After hauling him and
his stuff on board, Usopp waved goodbye to Kaya, Merry, and the three kids who showed up
to see us off. Once we were underway, we broke out some booze to celebrate.
"To our new ship and our new crewmate!" Luffy yelled.
"KANPAI!" We yelled, great big grins on our faces.

Chapter 6: Baratie Bash
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Monkey D. Luffy is the man who will be King of the Pirates.
Monkey D. Luffy is the man who ate the Gum-Gum Fruit (real name hidden) and became a
Rubberman.
Monkey D. Luffy is a man lacking severely in intellect, but makes up for it with boundless
charisma that has, and will continue to, bring many people to his side.
He is also a man who cannot draw to save his life, as we found out about a day later, showing
us what he made for our Jolly Roger.
"Well a Pirate's flag is supposed to be a symbol of death…" Zoro smirked. "I suppose
it is quite terrifying if you look at it like that."
"I…I suppose it could be abstract art?" Nami offered.
"You're so artistically challenged I barely have words." Usopp blurted.
"Hey, it's not that bad." When the other three gave me bewildered looks, I raised my hands in
surrender. "I mean, yeah, it's bad, but you're all just blowing it out of proportion."
Luffy grinned cheerfully, "I worked really hard on it."
"It sucks." We deadpanned.
Usopp stepped forward and grabbed a clean black flag and the painting utensils. "Just leave it
to a pro." he declared. "I've been doing graffiti for decades. I'm a master artist."
The 'decades' portion was obviously a lie, but the 'master artist' bit wasn't that far off. The
flag he made next was incredibly well done. The only issue was… it was an Usopp Piratestyle design.
"You completely changed the symbol!" we called out, Luffy and Zoro bonking him on the
head.
Thankfully, just a few minutes later, we were standing above our proper, completed flag.
"Hell yeah." I said. "That's way better."
"Wow, it's perfect!" Nami clapped.
"Alright Usopp, let's draw it on the sail as well!" Luffy declared.

One round of painting the entire sail, and the Straw Hat Pirates had officially struck their
colors! Unfortunately, while I did help out, it still left Usopp and Nami lying back on the
deck, exhausted. Zoro was already sitting back against the mast, napping. And Luffy was*BOOM*
All of us jumped at the sudden explosion. 'Doing that.'
"Oi, Luffy, what the hell are you doing?" Zoro yawned angrily
"I'm testing out the cannon, of course." Luffy stated, standing next to the smoking rear
cannon, frowning. "Can't get the stupid thing to shoot properly, though."
Usopp stood up, rolling up his metaphorical sleeves, "Stand aside, my amateur friend." He
slipped his goggles down onto his eyes, concentrating on the rock Luffy was pointing out as a
target. "Wind speed low… small adjustment… calculating for drop at this
distance… that should do it." He fired the cannon, letting off another huge bang. The
cannonball hit, and the rock was practically blown in half.
'Sorry about that, Johnny and Yosaku.' I thought. 'See you two in a bit.'
"Wow!" Luffy cheered. "You got it on your first shot!"
"You're right! I did!" Usopp crowed. "That's right, marvel at the expert aim of the Great
Captain Usopp!"
"I've decided, you're definitely our sniper."
"I think you mean 'Master Gunner', Captain." I offered, as we all moved into the main cabin.
"Usopp was already our Sniper, but that's the proper term for the guy in charge of cannons
and ranged shipboard combat." I turned to the long-nose. "So you may not be Captain, but
you do get two titles. How's that sound, 'Master Guns'?"
Usopp grinned, rubbing his nose. "Yeah, I like that. I'll magnanimously back down from the
Captaincy in that case! But if you ever chicken out or something, just you watch out!" Luffy
grinned at his declaration.
"Say, that reminds me." Zoro noted. "What about you, Evan? You don't have an official crew
position." He pointed at Luffy. "Captain." At himself. "Swordsman." At Usopp. "Sniper and
Gunner" At Nami. "Money Witch."
"Bite me!"
"What about you?"
That… I actually needed a second to ponder that. I didn't really have any special skills that
translated to use on a ship. I'm no musician, I've got no instrument skills. I'm just drawing a

blank.
Unless…
"Chronicler" I blurted.
"Eh?" Was the general consensus.
"Well, some people keep the ships log, to remember where they've been and such. I've done
some writing in the past, so I figure I'll do one better. I'll chronicle the tale of our crew, not in
numbered lists, but in epic stories of everything we run into. Maybe one day, I can get it
printed and spread it across the oceans, so other people can experience our adventures! What
do you think?"
The others shared a look, and gave varying degrees of smiles.
"That sounds awesome!" Luffy declared.
"I can dig it." Zoro agreed.
"Just make sure you get the details right about me!" Usopp said. "So that everyone knows of
the Great Sniper, 'Master Guns' Usopp!"
I chuckled. 'That might actually be a nice epithet. Too bad he's already got two better ones
lined up.'
"Oh right!" Luffy said, clapping a fist into his open palm, "We have one more crucial position
to fill before we enter the Grand Line!"
"That's right, after all, this is the kitchen isn't it?" Nami smiled. "Well, I suppose I might do
it… if you pay me."
"An indispensable crewmate for long voyages, huh?" Zoro smirked.
"You think so too, right? Yep, what a Pirate crew really needs is…a musician!"
"Are you stupid, or what?!" the others chorused.
"Priorities, Luffy." I laughed. "I know Pirates love to sing, but much like you, they also love
to eat. Cook first, then musician."
"Hmm. Yeah, that makes sense!"
*CRASH*
"COME OUT, YA DAMN PIRATES" yelled an angry voice outside. "I'LL SLAUGHTER
ALL OF YOU!"

Being nearest the door, I opened it and stepped out. Standing on the deck was a guy with a
Nakiri sword in his hand, wearing wraparound shades, and a kanji for 'sea' tattooed on his
face. All around him were destroyed barrels (previously empty, thank goodness).
"Can we help you, sir?" I asked, jumping down to the main deck.
Johnny grit his teeth, "Help me?" he seethed. "Sure, you can help me… BY DYING LIKE
MY BRO DID!" He ran forward and swung his sword down.
I drew Zangetsu, and blocked his strike with one hand, and with the other landed a straight
shot to his gut. He flew back and hit the mast, collapsing to the deck.
"Almost…" He coughed, "…had him…"
"No, you didn't." Nami deadpanned as she joined me on deck. "Now, why the hell were you
wrecking our ship?"
Zoro walked out of the kitchen with a yawn, then blinked. "Huh? That you, Johnny?"
"Big Bro Zoro?!" Johnny gasped. "Is that really you?!"
"Hey, where's Yosaku? Isn't he always with you?"
Johnny grit his teeth. "Yosaku… he's really sick!"
In just a few minutes, we pulled alongside Johnny's boat and brought his ill partner onto the
deck. He was a mess, with a small bit of blood leaking from his mouth, and a few other
wounds.
While Johnny began to explain everything, I absconded to the kitchen. I gathered the needed
lemons and limes, squeezing them out into a pitcher. Surprisingly, some fruits in this world
had a frankly absurd amount of juice compared to home, as I used up far less than I thought I
would. As soon as it was mostly full, I returned with it to the deck.
"Luffy, Usopp!" Nami hollered. "Go get a pitcher and some lemons and limes from the
kitchen and squeeze out the juice! Now!"
"Waaay ahead of you, Nami." I announced, handing the pitcher off to the aforementioned
pair. "I recognized scurvy symptoms fairly easily."
"Scurvy?" Johnny asked.
"It's what happens when you don't eat enough fruits and vegetables." I explained, as Luffy
poured the lime juice down Yosaku's throat, Usopp holding his head up. The man seemed to
swallow instinctively. "If you don't eat fruits and vegetables, you'll lack many of the essential
nutrients they carry. It was practically a death sentence in the past. It's still one of the greatest
dangers sailors face on the open water. That should be common sense!"

'Then again, look at how "common sense" turned out back home. Became the rarest shit in
the world.'
Nami sighed in relief. "Well, I'm glad at least one other person on this crew has some sense to
them."
"ALRIGHT!!" Yosaku sprang up suddenly. "I'm charged up and full of nutrients! I'm ready
for action!"
"Hooray! My partner is all better now!" Johnny yelled in excitement.
"LIKE HELL HE IS!" Nami screeched. "Nobody recovers that fast! Lie down and rest,
dammit!"
"Sorry for the late introductions." Johnny said, resting his fist on his face. "The name's
Johnny."
"And I'm Yosaku." He said, lifting a cigarette to his lips. "Big Bro Zoro used to bounty hunt
with us in the past. Nice to meet you all. I can't begin to thank you, I thought I was a goner!"
"Still, I never would have guessed that the infamous 'Pirate Hunter' would become a Pirate
himself!" Johnny chuckled. Suddenly, Yosaku keeled over, coughing up blood. "AH,
YOSAKU!"
"JUST GET SOME REST ALREADY, DAMMIT!" Zoro roared at the two.
"Let this be a lesson to you idiots!" Nami began, as Yosaku was given a spot to lie down, and
I fed him some White Phial potion to help his body heal. "The sea is rough and unforgiving.
We need to eat properly. If we don't, even that could kill us!"
"Yeah, I guess these are the kinds of dangers we'll have to face if we'll be on long voyages."
Zoro nodded
"They both might have died if we hadn't found them." Usopp stated. "We definitely need
someone to see to it that we stay healthy! We need a 'Chef of the Sea'!"
"It's one of the most important skills you can have on the open ocean." Nami said, "I'm
alright, but I'm certainly no chef."
"Same here." I admitted.
"Alright, it's decided!" Luffy announced. "Let's go get ourselves a Sea Cook! Eating good
food can never be a bad thing!"
"Bro!" Johnny said, hand in the air. "If a cook is what you're after, I know just the place!
Though recruiting one will be a whole other matter. What you need is the sea-faring
restaurant, Baratie!"

"A sea-fairing restaurant?!"
"That's right! It's a fair ways from here; about 2-3 days!" he crossed his arms, looking
serious, "But that place is close to the Grand Line. Lots of dangerous folks around those
parts. I even heard that the 'Hawk-Eyed' man you've been looking for has been sighted there
before." He directed that last bit at Zoro.
"You don't say." Zoro grinned, an odd look in his eye.
"Alright! Nami, set a course for this Baratie place!" Luffy cheered. "Let's get ourselves some
good food!"
"Plus a professional cook that can fight, remember?" Nami reminded.
"Shishishi, that too!"

~BtWwG~​

In the middle of our journey to Baratie, my powers decided to go off again. I had taken a
break from training, which was going fairly well, especially now that the Bounty Hunter
Twins had joined in.
ping
You have earned an Item Roll!​

1. Hogyoku (Bleach)​
2. Blood Increasing Pills (Naruto)​
3. Rho Aias (Fate)​
4. Magic Lamp (Disney's Aladdin)​
5. Rokushiki, Intermediate (One Piece)​
6. Armbands of Shiva (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
7. Rivet Gun (Bioshock)​
8. Bow of Apollo (God of War)​
9. Flying Broomstick; Firebolt​
10. Vigors (Bioshock)​
11. Tool Gun (Gmod)​

12. Meta Nanites: Green - Space & Time (Generator Rex)​
13. The Death Note (Death Note)​
14. Meta Nanites: White - Gravity (Generator Rex)​
15. Bio Belt (DC)​
16. Durindana (Fate)​
17. Moonblade (DC)​
18. Animus HR-8.5 (Assassins Creed)​
19. Gokon Tekko (Bleach)​
20. Avalon (Fate)
A nice list, all told. That Hogyoku had me vaguely frightened of what might be done with it.
I also wondered what use I could get out of the Animus. Ah well, let's see what I get today. I
called upon the mighty D20, and tossed it on the deck, careful not to let it go overboard. I
watched as it stopped on 13.

The Death Note (Death Note)​

Words cannot describe just how fast I grabbed that die and tossed it again. FUCK.
THAT. While I could possibly use it to off a lot of deserving assholes, it was not worth the
cost. NO. The D20's new result was 8.

Bow of Apollo (God of War)
Sometimes called Kithara, this bow is a weapon Kratos of Sparta obtained after he
killed Peirithous, the mortal lover of Persephone, imprisoned in the Underworld by
Hades and condemned to spend all eternity trapped within a cage of brambles. How
Peirithous obtained it is unknown. It is enchanted with a quiver of unending arrows,
and the ability to imbue those arrows with the power of fire, from setting the target
alight, to causing an explosion on impact.​

Now that's more like it! Where the hell were you when I rolled last time? I accepted, and the
bow and quiver materialized in my hands. I wasted no time in seeking out our sniper.

"Hey, Usopp." I called him, where he was tinkering on something. "I have a little something
from my arsenal that you might make good use of. It's not my las-rifle, but it's just as
awesome."
Usopp perked up. "Really? I can just have it?"
"Hey, I gotta look out for my nakama somehow. You're a crack shot with that slingshot, but
how are you with a bow?" I held out the Bow of Apollo to him.
The sniper tentatively took the Bow, looking it over in his hands, and testing the draw of the
bowstring. Suddenly, he grabbed an arrow, took aim, and fired. The arrow lanced out into the
distance, and hit a lone seagull flying nearby. The poor flaming bastard dropped like a rock,
sinking beneath the waves.
"Pretty good, I'd say." Usopp grinned, looking damn proud of himself.
"Right on, Master Guns." I nodded. "Right on."

~BtWwG~​

"Big Bro Zoro! Big Bro Luffy! Big Bro Evan! Big Bro Usopp! Big Sis Nami!" The
swordsmen duo called out, "We're here!"
Everyone came out and grouped up on deck, getting our first look at Baratie. It was a unique
ship, much bigger than Merry,with three visible decks and likely four levels, normal twin
masts, but what made it truly unique was the gaping fish head for a figurehead, along with
the tail at the other end.
"Wow, that's so funky!" Usopp yelled.
"Huge Fish!" Luffy screamed.
Any more marveling was put on hold when we noticed the Navy vessel passing beside us. A
Marine dressed in formal wear stepped out, pink hair running past his ears, and knuckle
dusters on his hands. "Hmm…I've never seen that flag before…" He breathed. "I'm
Lieutenant 'Iron Fist' Fullbody, of Marine Headquarters. Who is your Captain?"
"That would be me. I'm Luffy." my Captain spoke up. "We just painted our flag days ago."
"And I'm Usopp, the artist!" Usopp declared.

Fullbody caught sight of Johnny and Yosaku. "Huh, I've seen you two before. You've skulked
around bounty offices in the past. You two small-timers finally got yourselves caught, huh?"
"Small-timers?" Yosaku repeated
"Hey Yosaku, I think this bro is sticking it to us." Johnny said
Yosaku took a drag from his cigarette. "We can't let some asshole go around calling us 'small
time' now can we? It's not going to net us a single Beri, but I think we oughta teach this guy
how to keep his mouth shut."
They both leapt from the Going Merry with their blades drawn, "YOU COCKY LITTLE
SHIT!"
The following ass-whupping was embarrassing and not worth putting into words. The two
idiots were soon returned to the ship, flat on their backs and injured. "A-Almost had him…"
they groaned in pain.
"Man, you guys suck." Luffy deadpanned
"N-no…he's just not too shabby either…" they groused, "It w-was a close one…"
"Whatever helps you sleep at night…" I commented.
"Fullbody, darling, stop beating on these nobodies." A woman stepped out of the cabin of the
Marine ship, wearing a fancy red dress with her blonde hair done up. "You promised me a
good dinner."
"Ah yes. Consider yourselves lucky, Pirates! I'm on vacation today, so I'm just here for the
good food and my lovely lady. Next time we meet, your lives are forfeit."
Nami knelt down, and started gathering up the collection of bounty posters that had fallen out
of Johnny's jacket. She immediately stiffened upon laying eyes on one. 'Sawtooth' Arlong.
Her hands crumpled the sides as they clenched. I noticed the whole thing.
"Nami, you alright?" I asked in concern.
Nami jumped, then went back to grabbing up posters. "Yep! Just fine!" she lied, a false smile
on her face.
"AHH! We're in trouble!" Usopp yelled in terror. "They're firing at us!"
Fullbody was already taking his date on a dinghy over to the Baratie, but sure enough, a
cannon was orienting itself at us.
"I got this." I assured, stepping forward, holding out one hand. The cannon fired, and the
cannonball came screaming at me. "Bakudo #8: Seki!"

A light blue sphere of reiryoku formed just in front of my palm. It struck the sphere, and
immediately bounced back where it came, blowing up the cannon that fired it. However, at
the same time it bounced, the sphere burst, knocking me on my ass.
"Ow. Okay, need to work on that one." I muttered.
We left the Marine vessel to deal with damage control and docked the ship. The crew, plus
Johnny and Yosaku, entered Baratie and were assailed by the tell-tale aroma of high-quality
cuisine. We found a large table and sat ourselves. On the opposite side, Fullbody and his date
sat, oblivious to our arrival. Soon, someone familiar approached our table with drinks, a
blonde man in a black suit with swirly eyebrows.
"Greetings, my name is Sanji." he bowed slightly. "I'm the Sous-Chef of Baratie, but I'm
filling in for missing wait-staff for today."
Sanji then laid eyes upon Nami, and they instantly turned into hearts. He appeared to wiggle,
like a noodle, over to her seat.
"Oh, blessed are the oceans for this day!" Sanji exclaimed, kneeling before her. Nami
smirked, clearly smelling an easy mark. "Oh, Radiant Goddess, thank you for gracing our
restaurant with your beauty!"
"Oh, thank you so much, Sous Chef!" Nami simpered. "I'm afraid the food here might be a
little too expensive for me though…"
"Of course, Mademoiselle. No gentleman like myself would even consider charging you.
Everything here is free for you, complements of my undying love!"
"Ah, thank you so much!" Nami smiled, giving Sanji a hug, and sending him into a further
tizzy. Played like a guddamn fiddle.
"Hey, buddy?!" Johnny spoke up. "Serve the rest of us as well, bro!"
"I served you some tea, didn't I?" Sanji replied, demeanor turning on a dime. "Show some
gratitude, you shitty punk."
"You looking to start something?" Yosaku glared. "We won't go easy on you! Let's get him,
Big Bro Zoro!"
"Psh, fight your own battles, idiot." Zoro drawled, taking a sip from his own cup. "Huh, this
is pretty good tea."
"Boys, please, don't fight at the table." Nami begged, with crocodile tears.
"Hey, I just want him to take our orders!" Yosaku complained. Johnny nodded in agreement.
"Anything for you, miss!" Sanji swooned, back in love-mode.

"Pervert." Zoro muttered.
Once Sanji had actually taken everyone's orders and returned with the food, forgiveness came
a little easier. It was easy to see how, the food was phenomenal. I almost cried. Now I know
for sure I can't go back home, when this food is here. Luffy asked who made it, and Sanji
confessed it was he who made it all himself.
"It's sooo good!" Luffy exclaimed happily. "This is the best food I've ever eaten!" The rest of
us agreed with gusto, putting a proud grin on Sanji's face for the honest praise of his cooking.
"Oh, waiter!" Fullbody called from across the room.
"I believe I've already told you I'm not a waiter." Sanji growled, stalking over to the table.
Then he turned to Fullbody's date. "A pleasure to meet you, Mademoiselle. Would you like to
share a glass of fine wine over there? We have an excellent selection." The blonde blushed
faintly and giggled.
"Hey, just what do you think this disgusting bug is doing in my soup, waiter?" Fullbody
demanded.
"Well, I'm no entomologist, but if I had to guess? I'd say the backstroke." The entire
restaurant burst out laughing, while Fullbody grew increasingly red.
"Don't you fuck with me!" Fullbody roared, standing and driving his fist through the dish and
table both, sending his date backing up with a shriek. "You don't know who you're dealing
with, do you?!"
'Oh, you poor, poor, dense motherfucker…'
"All you had to do was remove the bug you put in it, and the soup would have been edible."
Sanji uttered, eyes shadowed by his hair.
"You're real full of yourself for a damn cook, huh! I'm a paying customer!" Fullbody
bellowed.
"I spent three days and nights on this soup." Sanji kneeled down and started picking up the
shattered plate. "Can money fill your stomach?"
"Oh crap, someone stop Sanji!" Another cook helping as wait-staff called
Fullbody charged, and in no time flat, he was absolutely wrecked. Sanji's dress shoes had
been a blur as he rapidly kicked Fullbody into submission, ruining his suit with bloodstains.
Sanji then lifted him by the collar with one hand.
"Going against a Chef of the Sea is tantamount to suicide." Sanji stated. "Don't
you dare waste food, you shitty Marine!"

I turned to look at Luffy, and was not even surprised to see the stars in his eyes. "Looks like
we might've just found our future cook." I chuckled.
'Seriously?" Zoro sighed. "Out of all the damn cooks in this whole restaurant, Luffy had to
get attached to the one pervert."
"Sanji…what are you doing?" A new voice interrupted. A woman's voice.
'Oh, that's odd. Didn't know Baratie had any female staff members' I pondered, turning
toward the speaker. 'Another change, maybe? Heh, I bet she's totally got Sanji by the-'
My thoughts crashed to a halt as I beheld the woman in question. Not simply due to being
struck by her beauty, though that was admittedly part of it. No, it was because I knew who she
was.
She was a slim young woman, with shoulder-length pink hair covering her right eye, with
said eyes colored purple. She had an hourglass figure, with curves in all the right places, all
covered in a staff uniform, a long-sleeved, white button-up shirt with a black vest, and a
matching short skirt that stopped mid-thigh.
And just like Sanji, she had distinctive curly eyebrows.
His older sister, Vinsmoke Reiju.
'...BALLS.'

Chapter End Notes

Surprise, futhermuckers!
Well, for those of you who don't mess with Spacebattles, anyway. Sorry for the long
silence. I got held up. Enjoy the cliffhanger.
Insert Reading_Rainbow_Cliff_Hanger.wav

Chapter 7: Baratie Bash, Part II
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

'Reiju is here.' I fretted. 'Vinsmoke Reiju. Sanji's older sister, Judge's firstborn, and prototype
for the experiments that created his boys. HOW? How is she here, and not getting hunted
back down by her father?! I don't understand!'
'Evan, calm yourself!' Zangetsu spoke. 'Is there any point in worrying about this right
now?'
I smacked my cheeks to snap out of my minor panic attack. 'R-Right. You're right. Judge and
the Germa aren't burning the East Blue down to get her back, so something must be in play
that I'm missing. I can worry about it later.'
'Very well.'
"Reiju," Sanji replied, looking over at his sister. "He dared to waste our precious food, and he
insulted a cook. I'm just teaching him a lesson, that's all."
"You do realize he's a Marine HQ Lieutenant, yes?" Reiju asked, her curvy eyebrow raised.
"What about it?" Sanji carelessly tossed Fullbody away, and took a drag from his cigarette.
"How do you think Owner Zeff is going to feel about this?" Reiju questioned with a cool
tone.
'Clearly this conversation had happened before. A lot.'
"What the hell is wrong with this place?" Fullbody yelled, back to his senses. "It's like they're
pirates! How can you mistreat customers this way?! I-I'll report you to Headquarters, and
have this hellhole shut down, you hear me?!"
"Shut us down, huh? Guess that means I have no choice but to kill you." Sanji declared,
stone-faced, yet furious. Even Reiju's expression had gone icy cold.
"Wh-What!?" Fullbody shivered.
"It really pisses me off…" Reiju's hand clamped down on Sanji's shoulder, keeping him from
moving toward the terrified Marine. "To see a spoiled son of a bitch like you make your
complaints!"
"Sanji, enough." Reiju insisted. "You know you'll end up going too far. As for you,
Lieutenant, it's time for you to leave."

"Just who the hell do you think you are, huh?! You shitty bastard!" Sanji almost bit through
his cigarette, glaring daggers at Fullbody. Without Reiju holding him back, the Lieutenant
would clearly have been a stain on the floor by now.
"Sanji!" a new voice roared. "Are you running wild in my restaurant again?" The new voice
in question walked in, an older man with a peg leg and a ridiculously tall toque. He had dull
yellow hair and a long, braided mustache.
'Wait a fuck, why does Zeff sound like Gaz from Modern Warfare?'
"Shut up, shitty geezer." Sanji replied calmly.
"It's exactly what it looks like, Head Chef Zeff. Sanji beat up this ignorant Marine
Lieutenant." Reiju explained coolly.
"Are you trying to ruin my restaurant, you shitty eggplant?!" Zeff bellowed, right before he
swung his peg leg into Sanji's face, sending him crashing to the floor. Reiju let go just in time
to avoid going with him.
Fullbody looked ecstatic at the blonde finally getting his, before Zeff walked over to him.
"As for you… get the hell out of my restaurant!" Zeff kicked once more, sending Fullbody
directly into the wall.
"You…you're all crazy!" Fullbody said through his injured jaw
"Shishishi! Wow, this place is fun!" Luffy grinned.
"For a given definition of 'fun', sure." I replied with a smirk.
"Gives a whole new meaning to 'dinner and a show', huh?" Nami commented. I nodded in
agreement.
Suddenly, a terrified Marine burst into the room, soaked in sweat. "Lieutenant! Lieutenant
Fullbody, sir! It's an emergency! That Krieg Pirate we captured, he's escaped the brig!" His
shouting made some of the customers start to panic. "It took seven of us to capture him in the
first place, and now he's gone!"
"That's impossible!" Fullbody yelped. "He hasn't eaten in weeks, and we haven't fed him a
thing since we captured him three days ago! He shouldn't even have the strength to move!"
"Please forgive m-"
*BANG*
The poor bastard was cut off by a bullet in the back. He slumped forward, and crashed to the
floor. The gaunt man behind him walked in, his footsteps audible in the now nearly silent
restaurant. The man sat down, inclining back on his chair, one leg atop the table.

"Anything will do… just bring me some food…" Gin said clearly. "This place is a restaurant
isn't it?!"
Another chef approached him. He was strangely shaped, his biceps small, and his forearms
huge. Large torso, but skinny legs, and a remarkably pear-shaped head.
"Welcome, ya squid-faced crook!" Patty greeted.
"Pffft…" I tried to contain my laughter, as did the rest of the crew. He was using the cheesiest
grin, and it looked hilarious.
"I'm only saying this once more, so listen up!" Gin demanded. "I'm a customer, so bring me
food! Now!"
"That cook is a dead man…" Fullbody mumbled
"Pardon me, dumbass." Patty began. "But how are you planning on paying for your meal?
Got any money on you?"
"Do ya take lead?" Gin growled, setting his pistol dead center on Patty's forehead.
"No money, huh?" Patty asked rhetorically. Before the pirate could make another move, the
cook used his massive forearms to sledgehammer him through his chair.
"I'm taking that chair outta your paycheck, Patty!" Zeff yelled, annoyed at the loss of more
furniture.
"If you can't pay, then you ain't a customer." Patty stated with his arms crossed.
"Alright, go Chef!" / "Nice going Patty!"/ "Show that idiot pirate who's boss!"
Some of the clientele and other cooks cheered him on, but Zeff, Reiju, and Sanji were notably
absent from this cheering. Sanji turned and walked into the kitchen, and Reiju left through a
different door out to the deck. Zeff was looking at Patty and shaking his head as the man…
pfft, curtsied.
"Ladies and gentlemen, please enjoy the rest of your meals!" Patty called out, using his
cheesy grin again.
Luffy took notice when Sanji left the kitchens with a plate of food and a cup of water. The
blonde man went through the same door that Reiju left. He stood up and followed him out,
and I was right behind him. Reaching the deck above where the siblings had gone, we looked
down to see the haggard Gin scarfing down the food Sanji made him.
"Delicious… it's so delicious!" He cried. "It's the most amazing food I've ever eaten!
I've never tasted anything so good! I'm grateful, so grateful! I thought it was over for me!"
"It's damn good, huh?" Sanji grinned, lighting a new cigarette. Reiju smiled too as she

watched the man eat.
"How lucky! Looks like you got some food after all!" Luffy announced, startling the three
below us. "You looked like you were about to die! Shishishi." He then turned to Sanji and
pointed at him. "Hey, chef! You should join my crew! Be the cook for our ship, okay?"
"Huh?" Both of the men looked dumbfounded, while Reiju hid a giggle behind her hand.
Sanji shook his head, "Oh, so you're a Pirate then?" He grinned lightly. "Well, you better not
try anything on this ship. The shitty geezer used to be quite the pirate himself."
"Oh, the old man used to be a pirate?" Luffy questioned, jumping down to the lower deck,
while I followed with a Flash Step. "That's pretty neat."
"Makes sense, with how he runs this place." I commented. "But you'd think It'd be impossible
to just quit being a pirate. What about his bounty?"
"Oh, the Marines tend not to look for pirates that disappear in huge storms." Reiju smiled.
"Head Chef Zeff hasn't raised trouble in over a decade, thus no one is looking for him
anymore."
'Unless you count raising you two as 'raising trouble', of course.' I thought in amusement.
"Baratie is like a treasure to the old man." Sanji grinned. "The rest of us cooks all came here
because we admired him, and the other guys are hot-blooded and crude enough to be pirates
themselves." He exhaled a cloud of smoke from his cigarette. "Appropriate enough, given
how often we get visited by the real deal."
"Not a quiet moment in this place, huh?" Gin chuckled.
"Yeah, it's part of the daily routine nowadays. Hell, some guests don't even show up for the
food anymore. Some of them come just to watch the fights." Sanji shook his head in
exasperation. "That's the big reason we don't have waiters right now; they all got scared and
ran away."
"Meaning I have to work much harder to look after the guests." Reiju sighed.
"Shishishishi!" Luffy chuckled. "Anyway, join my crew!" He turned and grinned at Reiju.
"You too! Something tells me you're pretty strong, too!" The pinkette only cocked an
eyebrow at the request.
I almost goggled at the addition of Luffy asking Reiju to join the crew. But, I suppose that
was a reasonable progression of logic. Somehow. The implications, though…
"I refuse." Sanji replied. "I have my own reasons for wanting to stay here."
"Well, that's a crying shame…" I began. "And Nami was really looking forward to eating
your delicious food all the time."

"She's… on your crew too?" Sanji asked, hearts for eyes. We nodded. "Oh, how cruel the seas
can be! To be so close, but still so far!"
'Damn, shoulda known that wouldn't be enough. Stubborn love-cook…'
"Doesn't matter! I refuse your refusal!" Luffy stated with arms crossed. "You're a good cook,
so we'll be nakama!"
"Hey, at least hear me out." Sanji demanded.
"Oh, okay. So what's your reason then?"
"No need to tell you…"
"What are you, an idiot? You just told me to hear you out." Luffy retorted.
Reiju cracked up and hid her laughter behind her hand, and I was right there with her. 'You
have no room to talk, rubber-brain!'
"I just meant you should listen to other people's opinions!" Sanji snapped. "Don't make me
chop you up, you shitty Straw Hat!"
"What did you say?" Luffy yelled back. "Insult my hat again, and I'll send you flying!"
"Uh…Sorry to cut in…" Gin interjected.
"What is it?!" They yelled.
"The name's Gin. I'm a member of the Krieg Pirates. You say you're a pirate too, right? Then
what's your goal?"
"The One Piece!" Luffy declared. "I'm going to the Grand Line to find it, and become King of
the Pirates!" Sanji's eyes widened at hearing Luffy's dream, and the same could be said for
Reiju.
"If you're still looking for a cook, I'm guessing that means your crew isn't that big, then?" Gin
asked, shaking off his own shock.
"He's the sixth." Luffy said, pointing his thumb at Sanji, then to Reiju. "She's the seventh."
"Why are you counting me, shitty Straw Hat?! I already said no!" Sanji yelled.
"Rather insistent, aren't you?" Reiju said, amused grin on her lips.
"Ohoh, you have no idea." I chuckled. "Just you wait, if you travel with us, you'll see."
"You don't seem like a bad kid, so let me give you some advice…" Gin offered, a haunted
look on his face. "Give up on the Grand Line. You're still young. There's no need to rush

things." He held his head with his hands. "The Grand Line is just one ocean amongst the
many of this world. If you want to explore the world there are plenty of other places for you
to go first."
"But the One Piece is on the Grand Line, so that's where we have to go." Luffy shrugged.
"Don't you get it kid?!" Gin yelled. "There's no way your little crew will survive on the
Grand Line!"
"You're some kind of idiot, aren't you?" Luffy questioned. "If all you ever do is run away
from your dreams, then how are you supposed to make them come true?" Gin, Sanji, and
Reiju all looked shocked at his declaration. I would've been too, if I didn't know him already,
and even then, it resonated with me.
"Kid…" Gin said, before shaking himself. "Hell, it's no business of mine if you go off to die.
At least I tried." He jumped into a dinghy at Sanji's offering. "Thank you again for the food,
Sanji!" Gin said, smiling again. "You're my savior! Would it be alright if I came back here to
eat again?"
"Sure." Sanji grinned and waved off the thanks. "Any time."
Part of me wanted to speak up, to confirm with Gin he'd be bringing his crew back to eat, and
how hostile Krieg would be. I chose to stay quiet, to avoid ruining the moment.
"Sanji!" Zeff roared from the deck above.
"Ah, sorry Sanji…" Gin apologized. "You're going to get yelled at because of me… because
you gave me food."
"What are you talking about?" Sanji questioned, before picking up the plate and cup. "The
old man gives me shit every day, so this is no big deal." Zeff had a stern look on his wrinkled
face, but looking closer, I saw pride in the man's eyes.
Gin prostrated himself. "Thank you, Sanji! I'll never forget this!" With that, the small boat
started sailing away.
"Just don't get caught again, Gin!" Sanji waved.
"Alright, you two, back to it. Break's over!" Zeff hollered, turning away with a near-hidden
smile on his face.
"Let's go, Sanji." Reiju smiled, leading the way back into the restaurant.
We returned to the dining hall, and eventually, predictably, Sanji returned to Nami in lovemode again. "O'love… laugh if you will at my poor self who cannot endure his passions!
Would that I could be with you, I would sail any ocean and walk any path, be it pirate or even
devil! Alas, tis tragedy that there is a great obstacle between us!"

"'An obstacle', is it?" Zeff appeared, snapping Sanji back to normal. "Don't beat around the
bush, you shitty eggplant. You're talking about me. This is a good chance for you to get off
this tub. Get out of here and join these brats. I don't need someone like you in my restaurant."
"Excuse me? I'm not sure I heard you right, shitty geezer." Sanji growled, staring Zeff dead in
the eye. "I've been the Sous Chef of Baratie for nearly a decade. So just what, exactly, do you
mean when you tell me I'm not needed?"
"It's not that big a mystery, shitty eggplant." Zeff scoffed.
Reiju rolled her eyes, clearly having experienced this argument before.
"Well, it's clear where he learned to talk like that." Nami observed.
"All you ever do is pick fights with the guests and sniff around the ladies like a horny mutt.
You can't cook a decent meal to save your life…"
'Yeah, so that was a fucking lie.'
"You're a liability that's holding the place back. Not to mention the fact that none of the other
cooks want you around. So go on, go be a pirate, you shitty brat. It's better if you just get the
hell off my ship." Zeff finished.
"You shitty geezer…" Sanji fumed, snatching Zeff's collar in his grip. "I can ignore all the
rest of your crap, but I won't stand for people insulting my cooking, even if it's you! I'm
staying here no matter what, got that?!"
"How dare you grab the collar of the Head Chef!" Before Sanji could react, Zeff grabbed his
arm, and bodily flung him over his head, and onto the floor. "Disrespectful little ingrate!"
Zeff yelled as he turned to walk away.
"No matter how you try to chase me out, I'll continue to be a cook here!" Sanji yelled,
standing up. "I'll stay here until the day you die!
"I still got another hundred years in me, shitty eggplant." Zeff commented, continuing out of
the hall.
"Awful mouthy for a shitty geezer." Sanji muttered.
"Sanji…" Reiju sighed, shaking her head.
"Hey," Luffy spoke up. "Looks like you just got fired, so now you can come be my coo-"
"As if!" Sanji yelled, walking back into the kitchen.
"I don't think you're going to be recruiting him so easily, Luffy." Usopp remarked.
"Nah, I'll get him to join!" Luffy grinned widely. "I already refused his refusal! Can't take that

back!"
"Ah, yes." I said. "Patented 'Luffy Logic'. Completely ironclad." Zoro snickered at that.
"I apologize," Reiju bowed. "My brother is very stubborn about his place here at Baratie. We
both owe a great debt to Zeff, but Sanji still feels like he hasn't repaid it yet."
"But it sounds like the Head Chef wants Sanji to leave." Usopp observed.
"That's right, since both of them share the same dream." Reiju sighed at Sanji's lack of
insight. "But Sanji can't follow it if he feels like he hasn't repaid Zeff for the sacrifice he
made for us."
"My writer senses tell me there must be a story there." I remarked.
Reiju shook her head. "You're right, but it is not my story alone to share."

~BtWwG~​

Two days later, and we remained at Baratie, Luffy repeatedly trying and failing to get Sanji to
join our crew. On the night before the Krieg Pirates would arrive, I prowled onto the deck of
the Merry, looking for some fresh sea air to clear my thoughts. However, it seems I wasn't
alone. Nami was leaning against the railing, looking off into the distance at nothing. From the
look on her face, it was clear she was dealing with conflicting feelings, and I could take a
good guess as to what.
'Are you planning to try and talk her through it?' Zangetsu asked. 'Prevent her from
abandoning the crew to complete her foolhardy plan?'
'I'm going to try, Zangetsu.' I replied. 'That's all I really can do. Whether or not I succeed is
mostly irrelevant. Either way, Arlong Park is doomed to fall.'
'Indeed. Good luck.'
"Beri for your thoughts?" I asked, approaching Nami. It spoke volumes that she barely
flinched, being just that embroiled in internal conflict.
Nami scoffed. "As if. My thoughts are worth a fuck of a lot more than one measly Beri."

"Eh, that's fine, I've got cash to spare. So?"
"Why is it any of your business?"
"Because you're clearly troubled, and like it or not, we're nakama."
Nami looked away, scowling. "You wouldn't understand. You couldn't."
"Try me." Nami remained silent. "Fine, I'm just gonna have to guess, won't I?"
"Psh, you think you can just guess what's wrong, just like that?"
"Using a little deductive skills, absolutely." She gave me an odd look. "You have an intense
hatred of Morganeer Pirates, meaning one of them wronged you in the past. I knew that from
our last conversation. But now I know who it probably is. 'Sawtooth' Arlong."
Nami paled, her eyes going wide. "What… how could you-?"
"Johnny's bounty posters. When you picked them up, you focused on his, and were visibly
angry at it. From there, I can deduce the issue involves money. You have an unhealthy
obsession with it, so much so that your first reaction to my ridiculously generous contract fee
was agreeing to it, then balking at the zeroes." Nami began fidgeting. "Altogether, that means
that Arlong is forcing you to acquire mass amounts of wealth for him, likely by holding
someone close to you hostage. Is any of this hitting the mark?"
I could see Nami still struggling with herself. "Nami, listen. You can deny it all you want, but
the fact is, we're friends, damn it. If you have a problem that needs solving, we will help you
with it. All you have to do is ask. Please…"
After a few more moments, Nami finally sagged against the railing. "Okay… okay. You're
mostly right. It's not just one person he's got. It's… everyone."
I laid a comforting hand on her shoulder. "Just start at the beginning."
"Alright…" She whispered. "It… it happened years ago." She took a deep breath, "Me and
my adoptive big sister, Nojiko…we both lost our parents young. A Marine woman, Bellmère, found us on a battlefield… she left the Marines and adopted us… and we were family.
None of us were related, but we were a real family. She encouraged us to express ourselves,
and I found my love for navigation… my dream of drawing maps of the world." She choked
back a sob, "But we were poor… Bell-mère barely made enough to feed and clothe us. One
day, I got caught stealing navigational books. We had a fight, and-and I said some really
mean things to her."
She choked, hiccupped, and suddenly her expression changed. Sadness changed into
sheer hate. "And then HE showed up. Eight years ago, that bastard Arlong showed up in my
hometown of Cocoyashi." She was literally trembling in fury, tears pouring from her eyes.
"He… he came to the Conomi Islands and took over the entire island chain! He told us that if

we wanted to live, that every single person there had to pay for our lives. Every adult had to
pay 100,000 Beri to live… every single month! And 50,000 for every child!
"Bell-mère didn't have enough for the three of us…she only had 100,000." She whispered,
tears dropping from her eyes, "Arlong didn't know about Nojiko and me… we could have
been safe… but Bell-mère wasn't like that. She would never deny us… deny being our
mother…" She closed her eyes, "She gave Arlong the 100,000 she had, and told him it was
for us." She looked me dead in the eye. "Arlong shot her between the eyes right in front of us.
"But it only got worse. I attacked him, then one of his subordinates found my maps." She
smiled bitterly, then pulled the sleeve of her shirt back, and she removed the bandages
covering her left arm.
And there it was. A tattoo, one of a saw-nosed shark turned to the left with the tail curved
inward. Arlong's Jolly Roger. "He kidnapped me because he liked my maps." She said
bitterly, "He kidnapped me and forced me to draw maps for him, endlessly. Forced me to
pretend to be friends with my mother's murderer and my people's slavers every single day for
years. Forced me to HATE MY OWN DREAM!" She clenched her fists, "And he told me…
'If you hand me 100,000,000 Beri, I'll set your town free.' So I was forced to work for him.
Make money for him. Put on a fake smile, and pretend to be his friend." She gripped her arm
over the tattoo so tightly. "I tried stabbing him. Poisoning him. Marines came to try to free
us." She began sobbing anew, "Nothing worked. Every time we had hope, it was torn away
from us."
I grabbed her hand, and moved it away before she could snap and possibly mutilate herself.
Nami collapsed into my embrace, sobbing. "It-It's why I didn't want to tell you, because
I know you idiots would jump into this. The thought of giving myself that hope again, only to
fail… but after everything… I wanted to believe this was different…
"It hurts. Having this fucking mark on me BURNS!" She hissed in tearful agony, "Evan,
please… help me."
…
I knew. I already knew about everything she said, afforded by my meta-knowledge. But it
didn't compare. Seeing it on the page, or on the screen did not do it justice. The raw emotion
was almost overwhelming. Hearing it all from Nami firsthand, I could only find myself filled
with…

RAGE

I actively had to hold myself in check, lest my reiatsu spill out unabated, slamming into
everyone aboard the Merry and Baratie both. As it was, Merry's hull groaned in protest. In a

few moments, I managed to calm myself.
"Nami…" I began. "Sometime soon, I'm positive the Krieg Pirates will turn up, and we'll
likely have a fight on our hands. Once that's done, and we get our cook and his big sister
aboard, we'll tell the crew what you've told me. After everyone's sufficiently motivated, we'll
burn ocean for your home. If I know Luffy, and I'm sure I do, he'll be all in. We're gonna
crush that walking shark with everything we've got! I swear on my very soul!"
Nami could do little more than weep. She just didn't stop, allowing all of her rage, hate, and
humiliation to seep from her. And I let her, standing there and holding her, so she wouldn't
fall apart.
'I'm sorry, Luffy.' I thought. 'Truly, I am. As our Captain, I know you'll want to give Arlong
the unholy beating of a lifetime yourself. But I can't take it anymore. I need an outlet for all
this rage.
'Arlong. Is. MINE.'

Chapter End Notes

"Hu hu hu, He's pissed!" -TFS Krillin, DBZ Kai Abridged, Ep.2

Chapter 8: Baratie Bash, Part III
The next morning, our crew gathered in the restaurant to enjoy a delicious breakfast. Nami's
was specifically cooked by Sanji, since he wouldn't let any of the other chefs cook for her, the
hyper-chivalrous, love-struck fool.
Our calm morning atmosphere would suddenly be shattered by both a wine glass breaking,
and a shrill scream.
"That… that ship!" A terrified customer pointed, toward the shadow of a huge galleon
appearing. "It's Don Krieg!"
"A skull with two hourglasses to either side…" Another trembled. "To threaten their enemies
that their time is up… That's Krieg's flag for sure! Why is he here?!" Chaos ensued, as all the
patrons scrambled to leave.
"Look what ya did, Patty!" One of the other chefs… Carne, I believe, exclaimed. "They
actually came here! You going to chase him off again, are ya? Well, tough guy?!"
"Can't be… I barely touched him…" Patty muttered. "He'd have been hit harder in a bar
fight…no way Krieg would come here just to avenge an underling, right?"
"Uh, guys, this is really bad!" Johnny spoke. "Shouldn't we set sail and get out of here?"
Yosaku nodded in agreement.
"Wow! Now that's a huge ship." Luffy noted, ignoring them. "You think Gin came back to
repay his debt?"
"I doubt that." Sanji replied. "But it's strange…" We all watched as the ship emerged from the
obscuring morning mist. The Galleon was a total shitshow. The sails were torn and tattered,
the figurehead (a roaring saber-tooth cat) was half destroyed. The main mast was damaged
about halfway up, and the hull appeared to be barely holding together.
"That ship is a wreck. What kind of storm did they get caught in?"
"At a guess?" I offered. "Something involving the Grand Line, given how scared of it Gin
was when we met."
"I think I'm right there with him." Usopp fretted.
Not a few minutes later, and the main entrance slammed open, revealing a large silhouette.
As the shadow came into the light, we all saw Gin, holding up a much larger and muscular
man. His hair was grey-toned with thick sideburns. He wore a baggy yellow leopard-print
shirt with a dark fur-lined cape over it. The infamous 'Pirate Admiral' Don Krieg, in the
starving flesh.

"Pardon the intrusion…" Krieg uttered weakly. "But could I have some food… and water? If
it is money you want, I've got plenty."
"He's starving too." Luffy noticed
"Wonder what happened." Sanji muttered, giving the man an understanding look.
"The hell?" Patty questioned. "This guy is Don Krieg?"
Krieg tried to take another step forward, but he only managed to make himself keel over.
"Don Krieg!" Gin cried out. "Please, save my Captain! Get him some food and water! He'll
die at this rate!"
He looked out into a sea of faces, searching for sympathy. But with Zeff and Reiju elsewhere,
and Sanji and our crew off to the side, he found none.
"Ahahaha!" Patty laughed. "This is perfect! This is what the infamous Don Krieg looks
like?!"
"We're paying customers this time!" Gin barked. "We have money, plenty of it! You have no
reason to turn us away, damn it!"
"Someone call the Navy! They won't get a better chance!" Patty crowed. "Don't give him
even a morsel of food!"
"If we feed him, it's obvious that he'll attack the ship!" A chef said. "I ain't giving him a
single drop of water!"
"I won't do anything!" Krieg swore, prostrating himself. "If you give me food, I promise I'll
quietly withdraw… please… help me!"
"Don Krieg!" Gin called. "Please, stop! A great man like you shouldn't be lowering his head!
It's too shameful!"
"I'm begging! I don't care if it's scraps or leftovers! I'll eat anything you have to give
me! Anything!" Krieg's voice was hoarse and defeated. Gin began tearing up.
"What, trying to earn some sympathy?" Patty scoffed.
"Hey, move it, Patty." Sanji spun and his foot lashed out, catching Patty square in the face
and sending him straight to the floor. In his hands, he had a plate of food, and a glass jug of
water in his hands. "Here Gin, give him this." The two gaped in astonishment, before Krieg
started scarfing down his meal, groaning in relief.
"Sanji!" Carne yelled. "Take that food back this instant! Don't you know what kind of guy
Krieg is?! 'The Ruler of East Blue'! 'The King of Deception'! He escaped prison and

disguised himself as a Marine, then killed the commanding officer of his ship! He's attacked
peaceful ports and towns waving a Marine Flag to fool them into letting him get close! He's a
scumbag who will do anything to win! You really think he'll just leave after you feed him?!"
Sadly, Carne was quickly proven right. Krieg swallowed the rest of his food, and with a roar,
he threw a punch and sent Sanji flying.
"Don Krieg, no!" Gin yelled hysterically. "This isn't what you promised! I guided you here
because you swore you wouldn't harm anyone! That man is our savior!" Don Krieg's large
hand grabbed onto his shoulder, and tightened harshly. "Gaahh!"
"Ah, that was a great meal." Krieg started, sneering at the room. "I feel like I'm back to my
normal self again."
"So… the snake bears his fangs at last." Sanji smirked, sitting up, injuries negligible.
"Nice ship you got here." Krieg commented. "I'll take it."
"Dammit, I told you…" Carne stated, sweating nervously. "This is the real Don Krieg! Now
he's gonna take over our ship!"
"Don Krieg!" Gin hissed, clutching his throbbing shoulder. "What about your promise?!"
Krieg didn't even spare him a glance.
"My ship's all torn up." Krieg stated. "So I've been wanting a new one. Once my business
here is finished, I'll let you all leave."
'Okay, I believe you… NOT.'
"I have a hundred subordinates still alive on my ship, all starving and injured. Prepare enough
food to feed them. And make it quick! Some of them have already starved to death!"
"You ask us to willingly feed a hundred pirates, knowing they'll attack us once we do so?"
Carne snapped. "You're out of your mind, we refuse!"
"You misunderstand." Krieg uttered darkly. "You're under the impression that this was a
request. I'm ordering you, and nobody disobeys my orders!"
"Sanji, I… I'm so sorry!" Gin apologized. "I never intended for this to happen!"
"Sanji, you bastard!" Patty chided. "This is all your fault! We're in this mess because yo-…
where do you think you're going?!"
"To the kitchen, of course." Sanji replied, walking away. "I have a hundred meals to prepare."
"Smart man." Krieg smirked
"Like hell you will!" All the other cooks drew pistols, aiming them straight for Sanji. "Who

the Hell do you think you are, Sanji? Krieg's sleeper agent or something? You're not taking a
fucking step into that kitchen! We've had it with your reckless bullshit!"
"Go right ahead, shoot me." Sanji said blandly, unshaken. "I know fully damn well that
they're scum. None of that matters. Thinking of the consequences… it's too much hassle." He
spread his arms out to his sides. "A cook should freely be able to feed anyone who's starving!
Isn't that ideal?!"
The other cooks' looks of awe at Sanji's words were wiped away instantly when Patty hit
Sanji with a hammerfist strike.
"What's that idiot doing attacking our cook?" Luffy scowled.
"Failing to grasp the point, like an idiot." I rumbled in annoyance.
"Hold him down!" Patty yelled, holding a long item wrapped in a white sheet. "Sanji, I know
full well that you feed customers I've chased off now and again. I've ignored all of that,
because I can't say who was right or wrong! But this time you're definitely at fault! So don't
you do anything else! I'll protect the restaurant myself! Luckily, we only have Krieg alone to
deal with. He can't beat all of us!"
He removed the sheet from the object, unveiling a hand-held cannon designed like a shrimp,
lifted it, and took aim. "This is Baratie! The Sea-fairing restaurant that deals with all sorts of
pirates every day! We're more than prepared to deal with the rowdiest customers!" Krieg
looked completely unimpressed by the cook's declaration.
"If you're finished with your meal, how about some iron dessert, Krieg?! Indigestion
Meatball Special!" Patty roared and fired a cannonball directly at Krieg. The ball hit the
large pirate and engulfed him in an explosion, blowing him clear out the entrance.
"Don!" Gin yelled
"Ah, damn it. I blew the doors out. Owner Zeff will have my head for this…" Patty grimaced
while looking at the result of his shot.
"It's fine, Patty." Carne reassured his fellow cook. "Just collateral damage from protecting the
restaurant."
"What are you planning to do with his underlings, then?" Sanji asked, still restrained.
"Well, we could butter up the ship and roast it, maybe…?"
"That dessert tasted like shit." Krieg walked back in, unharmed. His shirt was gone, revealing
golden-colored armor that covered his entire upper body. "Serving me that crap… this is the
worst restaurant I've ever been to!"
"Get him!" Patty cried, inciting all the cooks to grab gigantic tableware-styled weapons and
rushed the large man.

"You annoying pricks!" Krieg roared, drawing two pistols, with ten more guns coming out of
various parts of his armor. He immediately opened fire, blasting all the cooks at once. They
all collapsed, riddled with gunshot wounds of various severity.
"You worms think you can defy me?!" Krieg roared. "I'm the strongest! This steel arm, more
powerful than any other! This unbreakable armor, made of Wootz Steel! These diamond fists
which can pulverize anything! My entire body is a finely tuned weapon! I'm the Fleet
Admiral of fifty ships and five thousand men! I've won every battle I've ever been in! There
is no other man more worthy of-"
"Holy shit, just shut up already." I spoke loudly over his rant.
In the dead silence that followed, Krieg turned mechanically towards me, vein visibly pulsed
on his forehead. "So what if you've got fancy toys?" I continued. "You aren't the strongest
of anything. 'Won every battle'? Gee, if your ship is fresh from a victory, I'd hate to see what
you'd call defeat. What a blowhard."
"What'd you just say, you damn brat?" Krieg growled out through gritted teeth.
"What, was I unclear?" I asked, turning to the crew. "I spoke clearly and concisely, did I
not?"
"Yep, you sure did!" Luffy confirmed. "He's just an idiot." The rest of the crew snickered in
clear amusement.
Krieg growled. "Why you insolent little-" Whatever he would've said was interrupted by a
giant sack landing in front of him. "What's this?"
"Owner Zeff!" shouted the conscious cooks. Both Zeff and Reiju had emerged from the
kitchen to deliver the bag.
"There's enough food for a hundred men." Zeff replied. "Hurry up and bring it to your crew."
"Did…did they just call you 'Zeff'?" Krieg said, sweating nervously.
"Sir! How could you give them that food!" A cook yelled. "Once they recover, they're going
to attack the ship!"
"Oh, is that right?" Zeff smirked. "That's only if they have any fighting spirit left at all… isn't
that right, you Grand Line dropouts?"
"So it's true?" / "Even Don Krieg was defeated there?!" / "The strongest of the East Blue…
defeated by the Grand Line!"
"You're… 'Red Leg' Zeff!" Krieg stared at Zeff like he couldn't believe who he was talking
to. "So you were alive… The peerless Captain and cook of his own pirate crew."

"So what if I'm alive?" Zeff replied, unconcerned. "It's got nothing to do with you. As you
can see, I'm a cook full-time now."
Krieg chuckled. "That's an interesting way to put it. It'd be more accurate to say you
can do nothing else now. Tales of 'Red Leg' Zeff tell of the man who kicked so hard, his shoes
would be dyed red with the blood of his enemies, thus your epithet. The man whose
destructive kicks could shatter bedrock, and leave clear imprints of his shoes on steel! The
man who refused to use his hands in battle!
"Rumor had it you died in a shipwreck. It seems you managed to survive, though it cost you
one of your precious legs. With it gone, you can't fight anymore." Sanji began to look angry
enough to tear Krieg apart himself.
"As long as I have these hands, it doesn't matter if I can fight or not. I can still cook." Zeff
shrugged. "So, just what are you getting at, anyway?"
"'Red Leg' Zeff, you're a man who once braved the waters of the Devil's Hideout! The Grand
Line! Not only that, but you returned in good health! You must have kept a log of your
voyage! Hand it over!" Krieg demanded
"Cool! So you've been to the Grand Line, old man?" Luffy asked.
"I have." Zeff nodded. "You're correct to assume that I kept a log. Indeed, I still have it to this
day. But I shan't be handing it to the likes of you. That logbook is the pride of me and my
men who braved the Grand Line together. It's much too valuable to give to a weakling like
you."
"Then I'll just steal it, old man!" Krieg declared, baring his fist. "It's true that I came back
defeated from the Grand Line, but even so, I'm still the mighty Don Krieg! I had the strength!
The ambition! The manpower, to conquer that sea! I only lacked information! That was
my only flaw! I simply didn't know enough… which is why I'll take that logbook from you!
Once I have it, I'll reassemble my crew and conquer the Grand Line! I'll find One Piece and
become the Pirate King!"
"Hold it right there!" Luffy interrupted. "There's only room for one Pirate King, and that's
going to be me."
Krieg fixed Luffy with a stink-eye. "You say something, you dumb brat? I'll be nice enough
to let that comment slide."
"Of course you will, ya coward." I spoke. "Your guns are empty." Krieg stiffened, "Doesn't
look like you're man enough to fight without your precious toys."
"What, we looking to rumble here, guys?" Zoro asked, Wado Ichimonji over his shoulder.
"That's your crew?" Krieg laughed. "Rather small, aren't they? Don't make me laugh."
"These two as well." Luffy pointed at Reiju, who grinned at Luffy's insistence, and then

Sanji, who immediately yelled his refusal. "Counting me, that makes seven."
"Don't try and mock me, you little shit!" Krieg snapped. "My entire crew of five-thousand
was wiped out on that nightmare sea! All because we didn't have the proper intel-"
"It doesn't really matter if you had five thousand men." Nami spoke up. "From what I
understand, if you're not strong enough, the Grand Line will end you. That's why it's called
'The Pirate's Graveyard', you know. Five thousand going in, and only one hundred made it
out. You probably take any random ruffian into your crew, huh?" Krieg started to go purple in
rage. "Of course, with an idiot like you for a Captain, it's probably some kind of miracle you
even have that many left."
"You little slut!" Krieg roared, pointing a gun at her, forgetting his lack of ammo. "We'll see
how mouthy you are when I have you choking on my cock, you bit-!"
An instant.
To everyone but Zeff, it appeared like I had simply moved from one place to the other in an
instant. One moment I was right next to my crew, the next, I was right in front of Krieg, my
left hand resting on his armored front.
"Wha-?!"
"You don't talk to our navigator like that… you fuck!" I seethed. "IKKOTSU."
My right fist lashed out, and pandemonium ensued. Krieg was launched backwards at
alarming speeds, Wootz-steel armor dented and cracked, bile flying from his mouth. The man
crashed into and through his own ship, disappearing beyond the already-damaged hull. The
floorboards between me and the door were crushed, and the door frame itself had been blown
wide open. Gin, meanwhile, stared up at me in horror.
"Impressive." Reiju commented.
"Thanks for that, Evan…" Nami spoke, walking up and scowling at the hole in the galleon.
"Though I kinda wanted to deal with him myself."
I looked over at her questioningly, then winced. "Yeah, that's fair. Sorry, I kinda just…
reacted. Still, I think I've nearly got my Ikkotsu fully down."
"It's fine, it's fine." Nami waved me off, then turned and put her face right next to mine. "I do
appreciate the gesture, though." She whispered in my ear, sending a shiver down my spine. I
slapped myself to focus, and turned to Gin, ignoring Sanji losing his shit over yonder.
"Hurry up and feed your crew, before any of them die." I told him. The scruffy man nodded
before grabbing the sack and running towards the Galleon in panic.
"Hey, now… are you kids sure about getting involved like this?" Zeff questioned.

"Shishishi, yep, it's fine!" Luffy laughed. "You guys fed us, and you're really fun. It's no
problem!"
"If these guys actually put up a fight, I'll be impressed." Zoro grinned, Wado still at the ready.
"A-A Brave Warrior of the Seas never backs down from a fight." Usopp declared, trembling
only slightly.
"I can't wait to raid their ship!" Nami said, a familiar gleam in her eyes. "'Plenty' of treasure
and cash, he said. And on a Galleon like that? What a score!"
"If you think I'm letting you all fight our battles for us, you've got another thing coming."
Sanji declared, stepping forward.
"Yes, that wouldn't be right." Reiju agreed, a devilish grin on her pink lips. "We'll defend this
place with everything we've got."
"Eh, you brats do what you want." Zeff shrugged, before turning to the other cooks. "If you're
not going to fight, then move the injured into the back and start patching them up!"
"Oh, hey, sorry in advance for any damage we cause, Zeff." I added.
"There's no need to apologize, kid." Zeff waved off. "Everyone on this ship will do what they
think is right."
"Owner Zeff!" Several of the cooks yelled. "How could you say what Sanji did was right?!
We're under attack, and it's all his fault!" One of them turned to Sanji and started screaming
in his face. "Was this your plan all along Sanji?! Was this all a plot to become the Head
Chef?! Or have you just completely lost your goddamn mind?!"
"Shut up, you stupid little eggplants!" Zeff roared. Each and every cook flinched back. Sanji's
head dipped, and Reiju's eyes were dark. "Do ANY of you know what it feels like
to truly starve? To be so bloody hungry you beg for death?!" They all stared in shock and
confusion. "Not one of you fools knows how terrifying and painful it is, to be lost at sea with
no food or water! The difference between you lot, and Sanji and Reiju, is that they both
know!" The cooks looked in shock at the uncaring Sanji and blank-faced Reiju. "If you've got
time to be crying over spilt milk, the back door's that way." Zeff scoffed, his thumb pointing
back behind him.
"I'm…I'm stayin' right here." Patty declared. "I couldn't live with myself if I left without a
fight."
"Same here, I live and work in this place." Carne nodded. "I ain't got nowhere to go,
anyway."
"Fair enough." Zeff turned and put his attention on Luffy. "So, Straw Hat, you said your
dream is to sail to the end of the Grand Line and find the One Piece, right?"

"Yep!" Luffy had a wide smile on his face. "I'm gonna be King of the Pirates, the Freest Man
in the Whole World!"
"Heh, reminds me of my old dream, the one I share with the shitty eggplant." Zeff chuckled.
"You have a dream too, Sanji?!" Luffy's eyes were stars again, eager to hear of his
prospective nakama's dream.
Sanji sighed, exhaling a puff of smoke as he looked over at Luffy. "You ever heard of the All
Blue?"
"Nope." Luffy shook his head. "But I want to know more about it now!" Sanji huffed before a
smile crossed his face as he proceeded to tell our crew about his dream. The idea of a sea
where all the waters of the world congregate, that was home to every species of fish in the
world, was amazing. Luffy was drooling slightly at the thought, and I even noticed Zoro
nodding in approval, though I know he'd never admit it aloud.
"How're you going to find the All Blue while you work here though?" Luffy asked.
"He won't, that's why I keep telling him to leave this restaurant and go look for it!" Zeff
growled at the blonde.
"Can it, shitty geezer." Sanji grumbled back. "You know why I'm not leaving."
"Boy, I didn't hack off my own bloody leg just so you could not live your life and chase your
dreams!" Zeff roared, making Sanji flinch.
"The man raises a good point." I added. "If it's your shared dream to find All Blue, then why
fight the old man about it?"
"If you don't explain it to them, I will." Reiju threatened, making Sanji turn to her with a
grimace.
"Fine…" Sanji ground his teeth and smashed out his cigarette into the ashtray that was on the
nearest table. He proceeded to regale us on the siblings' shared history with Zeff, how the trio
had been shipwrecked on a godforsaken pillar of stone out in the middle of the ocean, and
nearly starved to death. How Zeff had given the siblings all the food, severing and eating his
own leg to survive. Once done, Sanji was morose, Reiju's eyes were dark again, and Zeff was
stone-faced.
"Yeah, no, I agree with Zeff." Nami sighed. "You're a total idiot." Zeff snorted, while Sanji
looked horrified. "He sacrificed his leg, his health, and all of the food just so you two could
live. Yet your idea of repaying him is to not search for your shared dream? That makes no
sense at all."
"But… I…" Sanji tried to argue.
"Dreams bequeathed to you by another should be chased to the ends of the Earth." Zoro

interrupted firmly. "Nothing should stand in your way, not even the possibility of death." His
hand wrapped tightly around Wado Ichimonji's hilt.
"I…"
"Join my crew, Sanji! We'll sail to every corner of every sea if we have to!" Luffy promised
his fist raised in front of him. "Come chase your dream with us!" Sanji looked at the offered
hand before glancing at Zeff.
"Do it, boy… do it for both of us." Zeff nodded. Sanji's eyes widened at Zeff's words, and the
intense look his surrogate father gave him. Turning back to Luffy and his still outstretched
hand, Sanji made his decision.
"Well shit… I guess I'm coming aboard, Captain." Sanji sighed before grinning as he bumped
his fist to Luffy's.
"Yeah!" Luffy cheered, hands in the air. "New nakama!" The rest of the Straw Hats cheered,
except Zoro who only raised a glass into the air in solidarity.
"Well, what about you, Reiju?" I asked the pinkette. "What's your Dream?" Luffy stopped
celebrating and gave rapt attention. 'Pfft. He's like a puppy, I swear…'
"Well, there is something I've always wanted." Reiju admitted, a little smile on her lips.
"Yeah, yeah?" Luffy leaned in.
"A Family…" Reiju's blue eyes were alight with life and joy as she spoke. "Also, to look
after this little brother of mine, and make sure he fulfills his dream too." She playfully ruffled
Sanji's hair, and the man sighed, knowing she'd keep doing it no matter how old they were.
"A Family, huh?" I grinned. "Well, I hear that's exactly how Whitebeard runs his crew, so I
can't imagine it'll be that hard. Right, Luffy?"
"Shishishi, yeah! So, are you in?!"
"Of course, I'm with you, Captain." Reiju giggled.
A loud battle cry interrupted the moment, coming from the damaged Galleon of the Krieg
Pirates.
"Well, guys, it sounds like they're playing our song." I stated, cracking my neck. "Time to
rumble."
Suddenly, Zeff stiffened up in shock. Seconds later, the massive Galleon split into three
pieces. The sea surged and roiled as water started rushing into its interior. The cuts were
utterly perfect, not a splinter in sight.
"DON KRIEG, OUR SHIP!" cried one of his underlings. "OUR SHIP'S BEEN CUT!"

"THE HELL DO YOU MEAN IT'S BEEN 'CUT'? HOW DOES A HUGE GALLEON GET
CUT?! THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!"
The Baratie shook and rode the waves caused by the massive ship starting to sink.
"Hoist anchor!" Zeff roared in panic. "Before we get dragged under!"
"Dammit, the Merry!!" Nami screeched, before snatching up the Bounty Hunter Bros, and
dragging them back to our ship. A few minutes of barking orders, and she managed to
stabilize the Merry, anchoring her a ways off from the wreck. Instead of staying stuck out
there, she called for Luffy to stretch her back to Baratie, and one arm yank later, I caught her
as she came back to the deck.
"She's all safe." She smiled.
"Nice one, Nami!" I replied, high-fiving our navigator.
"Thanks, but still…" She clutched the railing in frustration. "All my precious loot just went
down in that wreck! Who the fu-?!"
"AHHH!" exclaimed the Bounty Bros, back on the ship. "That man… it's-!"
"IT'S HIM! DON KRIEG, IT'S HIM!" Another Krieg Pirate panicked. "THE ONE WHO
SUNK OUR FLEET! HE FOLLOWED US ALL THE WAY HERE! HE'S COME TO KILL
US ALL!"
Zoro stared at the incoming figure. I saw shock, terror… and excitement. The vessel sailing
towards them could barely be called a dinghy, let alone a ship. It resembled a large coffin,
with candles on the edges that burned with green fire, and the mast shaped like an ornate
cross. But all the attention was on the man sitting cross-legged in the vessel's sole seat. He
had black hair and piercing yellow eyes, a short beard, mustache, and sideburns, all styled
upward. He wore no shirt, but an open, black long coat with red lining and sleeves, purplehued pants, tucked into strapped boots and a large, wide-brimmed, plumed hat.
But on his back? A huge, deadly looking black blade, whose hilt was simply a smaller, more
ornate version of the cross that served as his mast.
"So… that's the guy who sank Krieg's fleet?" Patty blinked owlishly. "But he doesn't look all
that special. He doesn't even have a destructive weapon."
"Idiots." Zoro breathed. "His weapon is on his back."
"What?!" Carne yelped. "He cut that huge ship with just that sword?!"
"That man is a renowned swordsman…" Zeff replied seriously. "More renowned than any
other…"

"The World's Strongest Swordsman..." Zoro grinned, "Dracule 'Hawk-Eyes' Mihawk!"
"Da-Damn you…" One of the Krieg Pirates trembled "What did we ever do to you! WHY
THE HELL DID YOU HAVE TO FOLLOW US HERE?!"
Mihawk eyed him, expressionless, "Just to kill some time."
The Pirate started, enraged. "THAT'S BULLSHIT!" He drew his pistols, and started
unloading in Mihawk's direction.
Mihawk lazily raised his hand and drew his sword off his back. He directed it towards the
man, and the bullets completely changed directions, and whizzed off.
"I… I missed?"
"He deflected it." Zoro corrected, standing behind the man. "He changed their trajectory with
the tip of his blade. Shoot him all you like, the results won't change." He eyed Mihawk with
anticipation, even as the Krieg Pirates freaked out. "I've never seen such graceful
movements."
Mihawk eyed him with a sliver of curiosity. "A sword without grace is naught but an iron
bar."
Zoro was grinning as he glanced towards the cuts on the ship's sections, "Did you cut this
ship with that blade as well?"
"Indeed."
"Then it's true… you really are the World's Strongest…" Zoro had his hand on Wado. "I set
sail to meet you!"
Mihawk looked unimpressed, "And what is your goal?"
Zoro untied his bandana from his arm and tied it properly to his head, "To surpass you!"
However, before he could continue, I Shunpo'd to his side, a firm hand on his shoulder.
He turned and gave me a dirty look. "You gonna try and stop me?"
"No, never." I denied. "But I am here to advise you. That man there, when you fight him, is
going to treat you like you're completely insignificant compared to him. The unfortunate truth
is… he's right." He eyed me with an affronted look. "That man is what people refer to as
'New World-grade bullshit'. The gulf between your two strengths is almost unfathomable. For
now. You go into this fight, and you're gonna lose. But you need it.
"What you're gonna do, is focus. Do not let Mihawk get under your skin, no matter how he
acts. You come at him with every intent to kill from the word go. Hell, if it helps, imagine
that once he's through with you, he'll turn around and slaughter the rest of the crew." Scary
thought… and Zoro thought so too, with how he flinched. "If you're gonna lose, your goal

should be one thing, to leave your mark. You make him remember you. In short, you go out
there, you keep your calm, and give. Him. Everything. You feel me?"
Zoro paused for a few seconds, then grinned. "Yeah. I feel you."
I smiled in turn. "I thought so. Sic him." I released the swordsman, and stepped back.
Zoro stepped forth, still grinning in excitement. "If you're just killing time, then you're free,
right? Shall we duel?"
Mihawk's eyes closed for a moment, before he vanished. Nobody, not a soul present, saw him
move. He reappeared on the same floating piece of deck as Zoro
"Pitiful weakling." He said harshly. "If you are a competent swordsman, you would heed your
companion's warnings, and recognize the difference between us without needing to cross
blades. But still, you dare to challenge me. Does your bravery stem from your conviction…
or ignorance?"
"It comes from my ambition." Zoro said, setting Wado between his teeth, the burner twins in
his hands, "As well as my promise to my departed friend." He prepared himself, while
Mihawk stood there with his arms crossed. "To be honest, I never imagined I would meet you
so early."
"That is not to your favor." Mihawk replied. He reached up and removed his crucifix
necklace, before unsheathing a tiny kogatana hidden within.
Zoro's eyes narrowed, "Just what are you planning on doing with that?"
Mihawk held his tiny knife in a ready grip, "I am not the kind of brute who would hunt a
rabbit with a cannon. Though you may be a swordsman of some renown, this is the East
Blue, the weakest of the Four Seas divided by the Red Line and the Grand Line." He bent his
head to the side and gave an apologetic look. "Unfortunately, I do not have a sword smaller
than this on me."
Zoro seemed to seethe for a moment, and then grinned. "I don't know… I'm pretty sure
you've got at least one sword smaller than that." Mihawk's eyes widened minutely. I raised an
eyebrow, wondering for a moment what the fuck Zoro could possibly be ohmygod.
"BAH-HAHAHAHAHA!!" I burst, hands on my knees. "Zoro, you catty bitch! BAHHAHAHAHAAA!" The others also caught the hidden meaning, and laughed too. Even Krieg
and his ilk got a chuckle out of it.
"Classy…" Mihawk intoned. "Hear me, little frog in his well… you're but someone who has
yet to experience the real world."
"Let's see!" Zoro charged headlong at Mihawk, aiming to kill as advised. "ONI-GIRI!" His
three blades flashed forward to slice Mihawk apart.

*CHINK*
Nobody was laughing anymore. Jaws dropped as Mihawk's tiny knife impacted the attack
exactly where the three blades were crossed. Zoro's forward momentum was completely
halted, and he couldn't get the knife to budge even a centimeter. His own blades trembled
from the exertion, but Mihawk's single arm didn't waver in the slightest.
Johnny and Yosaku were trembling and terrified, "Big Bro Zoro's 'Oni-Giri' technique… that
always sends his opponents flying… and he stopped it!"
Zoro stared at Mihawk's expressionless face, his piercing eyes practically boring a hole
through his spirit. He backed off, then charged again, swinging wildly. But no matter how
fast or hard Zoro swung his three blades, the result didn't change. Mihawk's knife parried
every last strike with an insulting level of ease. Eventually, a harder push from Mihawk
knocked Zoro ass-over-teakettle and to the floor. I watched as he got back up, breathed to
center himself, then charged again, his strikes far more precise.
"Such ferocity." Mihawk commented. He didn't seem as disappointed as I expected, likely
because Zoro was putting on a better showing than if I hadn't said anything. Zoro panted for a
moment, before readying another charge. Mihawk danced around the blades and lashed out
with his free hand in a chop. He caught Zoro right on the back of the neck, sending him
crashing to the floor, "What burdens you so, weakling? What do you still desire at the extent
of your strength?"
"How dare you call Big Bro a weakling!" Johnny screamed, drawing his sword.
"We oughta teach you a lesson, bastard!" Yosaku roared in agreement.
"Stay where you are!!" I ordered, freezing them in place. "Nobody gets involved, no
interference!"
"That's right!" Luffy nodded. "This is Zoro's dream, why he set sail! No one has a right to
take this from him!" At the same time, it was clear Luffy wished he could help our friend. His
hands were clenched around the rails, digging into the wood.
Zoro climbed to his feet, having taken yet another tumble. Both of his swords were behind
the precious one in his mouth, pointing towards the ground, "TORA… GARI!" He lashed
his blades forth.
But Mihawk hadn't even been phased. He stabbed forward, burying his knife into Zoro's
ribcage. Blood immediately gushed from the wound, splashing on the deck, as well as
leaking from his mouth.
'Dammit, this shit fucking sucks.' I thought, holding myself back from jumping in.
Mihawk paused in interest. Though his knife was buried in Zoro's chest, the man refused to
take a step back, "…Do you wish for me to pierce your heart? Why do you refuse to step
back?"

"Beats me… not really sure myself…" Zoro panted. His jaw clenched around Wado, "But I
get the feeling… that if I take a single step back…I'd be losing something very important to
me. A promise or an oath… would be irreversibly broken, and I could never stand here
again."
"Yes… that is called defeat."
Zoro laughed painfully. "Then that's why I can't step back."
"Even if it shall mean your death?" Mihawk asked.
"Death would be preferable!"
"Such conviction!" Mihawk muttered. He removed his knife from Zoro's chest and swung it,
every drop of blood flying off and leaving it dry as it had been before the fight. He sheathed
and replaced it round his neck, "Kid… tell me your name."
"Roronoa Zoro!" Zoro's stance changed, all of his swords at angles to each other, pointed in
different directions, almost like a three-pointed star.
"I shall remember it… for your strength is not often seen in this world." He reached behind
his shoulder and finally drew his sword. "And to pay my respect to you as a fellow
swordsman, I shall end this duel with my Black Blade, the World's Strongest Sword, Yoru."
Zoro nodded, his muscles tensed to unleash his strongest attack in his current arsenal.
"Die!" For the first time, Mihawk moved aggressively. He raced forward at blistering speeds,
as Zoro began spinning the two swords in his hands. Mihawk's eyelids widened while the
eyes themselves shrank, analyzing the technique.
"Three-Sword Style: Secret Technique!" Zoro called out, "Three-Thousand Worlds!!"
The sounds of slashes rang through the air as both men stood, back to back, their strikes
completed. For a moment, nothing happened, until both of Zoro's burner swords completely
shattered. Blood splashed out of his chest as another cut opened up. He dropped the two
useless hilts and pulled Wado from his teeth. He sheathed his treasure sword with a click,
before turning around and presenting himself, arms held out with Wado clenched in his left
hand.
Mihawk didn't blink, but for a brief moment an ounce of confusion was visible in his gaze,
"What's this?"
"A wound on one's back…" Zoro was grinning, even as blood spilled from between his teeth,
"Is a swordsman's shame."
Mihawk's calm, serious expression was broken by a grin. "Splendid!" He slashed down,
splitting Zoro open from his left collarbone to his right hip.

"ZOROOOO!" Luffy screamed. Nami stumbled backwards, holding her hands to her mouth
in horror as she watched her friend fall. Usopp was openly crying.
However, before Zoro could completely fall into the water, I appeared in a Flash Step, and
caught him. "Gotcha!" I said, laying him down on the deck. "Well fought, Zoro. Hell of a
duel." I withdrew The White Phial, yanking the stopper out. But when I tried to give it to
him, Zoro's hand shot up, gripping my wrist.
"W-Wait…" he groaned. "If you use that… the wound won't scar, will it?"
I sighed, knowing just what he was getting at. "You want to keep the scar as a reminder. Fine,
then just the barest amount, to at least get you out of the danger zone." Zoro nodded. I
carefully drizzled a little of the potion down his gullet, and the healing effects took hold, the
blood flow slowing to a crawl, but leaving the massive wound in place.
"So, you're that young man's comrade?" Mihawk asked me. "I thank you and your fellows for
not interfering in our fight. That took much stronger will than most possess. Fear not, even
without your help, your friend would still live."
Johnny and Yosaku, having gone into motion already, pulled up to the flotsam in their own
boat, leaping out to apply first aid to their fallen comrade, and move him to the boat.
"My name is Dracule Mihawk!" the man called out. "It is much too soon for you to die.
Know thy self! Know thy world! Become strong, Roronoa Zoro! No matter how many years
may pass, I shall stand here at the top of the world and wait for you! So forge ahead with that
fierce conviction, and try to surpass my blade! Surpass me, Roronoa!"
"To think that Dracule Mihawk of all people would say such a thing..." Zeff spoke in awe.
Mihawk then looked at me with his piercing gaze. "You… your sword…"
"Yeah, what about him?" I asked, wary of the Warlord
"There's something different about it. Not one of the Meito, certainly. But
something… more." I should've known a swordsman of his caliber would be able to feel
Zangetsu's unique presence. "Before I take my leave, do you wish to challenge me as well?"
For a moment, I actually considered that, before shaking my head. "Not a chance." I replied.
"I'm crazy, not stupid."
He smirked. "Indeed." He turned, and regarded Luffy, who had already stretched over to our
little wreckage platform. "Boy, you're his Captain, yes? What do you aim for?"
"King of the Pirates!" he answered with the same conviction as Zoro.
Mihawk closed his eyes and gave off a little chuckle, "A tough path, indeed. Even tougher
than surpassing myself."

"Whatever!" Luffy said in a huff. "I'm gonna do it anyways!"
Mihawk grinned broadly, both at Luffy's words and as he watched Zoro raise Wado
Ichimonji, pointing it to the sky, "L-Luffy… C-Can you hear me…?"
"Bro, don't go exerting yourself!" Johnny panicked.
Zoro ignored him. "Sorry for worrying you… I know… that if I don't become the Greatest
Swordsman, it'll only embarrass you. I swear! That I'm never gonna lose again! Until the day
I fight him and win… I SWEAR! TO NEVER LOSE AGAIN!" I couldn't help but grin with
both Luffy and Mihawk at this historic moment, "Got a problem with that, MR. 'PIRATE
KING'?!"
"Shishishi! Nope!"
With one final smirk, Mihawk turned, "You make a great team. I shall be watching your crew
with great interest." He started walking away. "I'd like to see you all again, sometime in the
future."
"Hey, 'Hawk-Eyes'!" Krieg called out. I swear to God, I saw Mihawk rolling his eyes. "You
came all the way out here for my head, didn't you? To claim the head of the infamous Don
Krieg!"
Mihawk's expression was blank once more, "For a while, yes." He confirmed, "But I've
already enjoyed myself here. And so, I'll return to my nap."
"No need to be so curt. You may have had your fun, but I sure haven't!" His gun chambers on
his armor opened up as he pulled out his pistols. "HOW ABOUT YOU DIE BEFORE
LEAVING?!"
Mihawk closed his eyes in exasperation, "Hmph. There are some fools who make the world
move for them. Some fools, though, are just fools. Farewell." He swung his sword and
created a massive gale. It blinded everyone, and when it died down, both Mihawk and his
boat had vanished. Meanwhile, Luffy and I had leapt back to Baratie to avoid the gale.
"Tch. Gone already..." Krieg spat. "Oh well, that was a nuisance, but we were planning on
abandoning this ship anyway, so who cares if it's destroyed." He eyed the floating restaurant,
and grinned, "Look at that goofy-ass ship. Once it's ours, we won't need to fear even the
Grand Line anymore. Having that ship will be far more effective than flying a white flag, or
pretending to be Marines. It'll be the perfect disguise for us. This era has Pirates teeming in
every ocean, so rebuilding our fleet will be a cakewalk."
"B-But Don! What if we run into another monster like Mihawk when we return to the Grand
Line?!"
Krieg answered his subordinate by shooting him. Fucking prick.
"You're still afraid of that bastard?! Do you really think a normal human can just cut a giant

galleon? He's clearly got a Devil Fruit power!"
"Denial isn't just a river in Egypt, pal!" I taunted. "...Or would that be Alabasta? Whatever.
Either way, you need to face facts. You ain't shit, pal, and you're never gonna be shit."
"Still with the fucking smart mouths…" Krieg growled. "MEN! Make ready, prepare to board
that ship!" His subordinates answered with a battle cry.
"Looks like it's on." I stated, drawing Zangetsu from his sheath. "Another Morganeer crew to
add to my name."

Chapter 9: Baratie Bash, Part IV
"Deploy the fins!" Zeff ordered. "The restaurant's busted up enough as-is!"
The cooks rushed to action. Moments later, the entire vessel shook as a large deck emerged
from the water, locking into place with the smaller deck already present.
"Woahhh, that's so cool!" Luffy gushed, wide eyed.
"They're the fins." Sanji explained. "Large decks that we can raise to keep any major fights
outside. Saves us money on furniture replacement."
"Not that it stops you fools from breaking furniture inside when fighting anyway." Reiju
snipped, giving her brother a pointed look. Sanji looked away, having no defense for that.
"Here they come." Nami said, as the Krieg Pirates practically poured onto the deck and
nearest stable flotsam, jumping or swimming onto it.
"Hmm, looks like a large party today." Reiju smiled darkly.
"Please, you can tell from a glance they're all small-fry." Sanji scoffed. "We've knocked
losers like you senseless for years, so bring it on." He tapped the toe of his black dress shoe
against the deck.
"You must have a death wish, dontcha?!" Another Krieg pirate demanded as the whole group
stalked forward.
"Fire Support!" I called. In an instant, Lead and Exploding Stars flew forward, striking down
several Krieg Pirates. They all looked up, and saw Usopp settled into the top crow's nest of
the forward mast.
"Beware!" he announced. "The 'Great Sniper' Usopp never misses his mark! Attack this
vessel if you dare!" He ducked down, letting bullets from return fire deflect off the mast and
nest.
"Forget that idiot, just charge!" The mooks braved forward in spite of the threat.
"Sanji, Reiju." I addressed. "Time to show the crew exactly what you can do!
"Whatever you say… " Sanji huffed
In a single bound, Sanji leapt from the entrance to the front of the Krieg Pirates. The first
man didn't get to make a sound before Sanji's shoe caved in his face. A front kick sent the
next man into the drink with a broken sternum. A roundhouse to the head had another pirate
cartwheeling into the deck. "Party Table Kick Course!" Sanji let loose a spinning handstand

while unleashing a blinding series of kicks into most every pirate surrounding him, knocking
them all senseless.
"What the fuck is he?!" A Krieg Pirate staggered back in terror.
"You should be far more worried about yourselves." Reiju spoke from behind the man. He
barely started to turn before a palm strike slammed into his back. He went flying off the fins
and splashed down tens of meters away.
"Holy shit!" / "Where the hell did she come from?!" / "She's right between us!"
Even as the idiots tried to rally, Reiju was nigh-untouchable. She weaved between them,
unleashing strike after strike with palm and fist, knees, elbows, and kicks. Some of them
suffered only a grazing blow or glancing swipe from Reiju. The force behind them was still
strong, but it was quickly evident that Reiju was doing it all on purpose. That was shown
when the first pirate she'd lightly struck fell to the deck, unconscious. Followed by even more
of their fellows collapsing to the deck or into the sea.
"Wait… what the fuck is going on?!" A Krieg mook exclaimed, attacking Reiju. "What is
this?!"
"It's poison." Reiju answered, her palm slamming into the man's face. As he was reeling, a
purple handprint was revealed on his face. He collapsed without another word and Reiju
smirked at the remaining pirates, all fifteen or so scrambling away in fear.
"Damn…" Nami whistled in approval. "Roughly eighty-five assholes in about two minutes.
With or without Usopp in support, they're good."
"Good?! They're awesome!" Luffy cheered
"Absolutely." I nodded. Then my senses fired, and I instantly noticed someone emerge from
the water behind Reiju.
"Haahahaha!" The man laughed. "Behold! My invincible iron wall!" He was wearing some
really weird armor, with giant iron plates on both his front and his back, covering his body
from crotch to collar. On his feet, knees, elbows, and hands were smaller iron plates, and
every single one of them had a brilliant dazzling shining pearl in the middle, and a helmet of
one on his head.
"I see you've been dealing with my crew, girly." Pearl grinned. "But just wait 'till I give you a
taste of my special 'Pearl Present'!" Any further monologue was cut off as I Flashed next to
the man, and he raised both hand-shields to block, Zangetsu already in his released state.
"Nah, they're not allowed to hog all the fun." I uttered. "I'll deal with you."
"You, take me down?" Pearl chuckling. "I'm afraid that just ain't happening! In the last sixty
one fights I've been in, I've won them all without so much as a scratch on me! You might be
pretty good with that greatsword of yours, but I can protect my entire body!

"I've never even lost a single drop of blood in all the fights I've been in. Not one, single drop.
That's proof of my invincible strength! That's why they call me the Krieg Pirates' very own
'Iron Shield' Pearl!" He grinned, his teeth actually glinting, ugh. "And my iron defense, has
quite the fashion sense."
"That rhyme was terrible." I deadpanned, kicking off Pearl, and landing to take a battle
stance. "No defense is perfect, so it's only a matter of time."
For a man wearing iron plates, Pearl rushed me pretty damn quickly. I backstepped his first
strike, and countered with a swing to his exposed leg, between the larger chest-shield and the
smaller knee-shield. But Pearl raised his knee, blocking the blow easily, before rushing me
and lashing out with a series of jabs. A Flash Step to the right got me out of danger, then I
lashed out at the opening at the back of Pearl's head. He ducked forward, the blade glancing
off his back-shield, though it left a visible scratch. Pearl tried a backhand strike that I
deflected, hopping backward, then he turned to face me again.
"Your overblown knife won't do you any good against me." Pearl laughed before charging me
with a flurry of shield-backed punches. My gaze narrowed at the insult, but I countered his
rush-attack, deflecting each and every punch, leaving us in a stalemate.
'I admit, this jagoff's armor ain't half bad.' I pondered. 'Plus the stamina to wield it and still
attack this fast and often is nothing to sniff at. But it won't protect him forever.'
I continued deflecting, parrying, and dodging around Pearl's attacks, carefully observing him.
Just as I was beginning to see the pattern, he surprised me by slamming both hand-shields
into the deck, sending him high into the air. "Service Pearl: Tarnished Silver… Present!"
he cried, dropping fast from the weight of his armor.
I smirked, holding Zangetsu out in front of me, the flat of the blade toward the falling Pearl.
"Getsuga Tengo (Moon-Fang Shielding Heaven)!"
*CLANG*
The iron-clad man stopped cold, held off by Zangetsu, now emitting a translucent barrier
bigger than him. After a few moments, the shield burst, sending him flying back, landing on
the deck flat on his face. He got to his feet, then Pearl grimaced and dabbed at his nose,
noticing a small streak of red, "B-Blood…?"
"Shit…" Krieg grumbled.
"Pearl! It's fine!" One of the Krieg Pirates waved at the man. "It's just a little nosebleed,
everyone gets those! You're not really hurt, just calm down!"
Pearl was staring at the red stain on his fingers, breaking out into a flop sweat. "M-My iron
wall was broken through! These guys are dangerous!"
"The hell is wrong with him?" Nami asked Luffy, "It's just a little nosebleed." Luffy shrugged

in response.
Krieg roared at his subordinate, "CALM DOWN PEARL! There's no need to go wild over a
damn nosebleed! This isn't the jungle!"
"Danger! I'm in danger! I'M IN DANGER!" Pearl was slamming his shields together like a
monkey with cymbals. "DANGER!" He screamed, before all of his shields ignited, engulfing
him in fire.
"Did he just set himself on fucking fire?!" Nami exclaimed
"DON'T YOU DARE GET CLOSE TO ME!" Pearl was absolutely hysterical at this point.
"Fire Pearl's… Daitokuten!!" He roared, and flaming balls of fire erupted from the flames
on his shields in every direction. I dealt with any that came my way, but the remaining Krieg
Pirates panicked as the deck caught fire, as did any of them that were hit.
"Pearl, stop it!" / "Hot, hot, hot!" / "You'll burn the ship down!"
"Fuck this!" I huffed. "Getsuga Tenshou!" I swung hard, and sent the arc of reiryoku into
Pearl. He didn't see it coming, totally in his own world. The sheer force lifted him, and bore
him screaming out past the wreckage, where it exploded, depositing the flaming fop into the
water where he was harmless.
"Someone put out that fire!" Zeff ordered. Both Patty and Carne rushed forward with large
buckets of water, quickly putting out the flames.
"Enough of this… Gin!" Krieg bellowed, followed by the loud cocking of a gun.
Gin stood beside Zeff with a large caliber twin-barrel gun in hand, pointed at the old chef's
head. "That's enough! No one move! You want to save this man, don't you? Then get the hell
off of this ship!"
"Just do it, Gin!" Krieg roared. "Now! With Zeff dead, the cooks will give up!"
"But… Don Krieg!" Gin protested. "We owe Zeff and Sanji our lives!"
"When I give you an order, I expect you to carry it out without question! Now kill him!"
"No, Gin." Sanji argued. "Point that gun at me. Leave the shitty geezer out of this."
Gin wrestled with himself again, but in the end, he finally made his decision. He tossed the
gun to the side, and stalked toward Sanji, drawing a pair of tonfa. Unlike normal tonfa, this
pair each had a large iron ball on the ends, reminiscent of cannonballs.
"My apologies, Don Krieg." Gin said emotionlessly. "But please, allow me… to put an end to
my saviors with my own two hands."
"Tch. You'd better not fail me, Battle Commander…"

"Sanji, I wanted you to leave this ship without hurting you, but it seems things can't be that
way."
"No, they can't." Sanji replied.
"So then the least I could do is kill you myself… that's the solution I've arrived at."
"Ha, well, thanks. Now kindly eat shit and die."
Gin started to spin his tonfa, and lunged, swinging at the chef who cartwheeled out of the
way. While on his hands, Sanji twisted his body and kicked his foe in the head. Gin nearly
saw stars, but was able to lash out with his right-hand weapon as he fell. The iron weight
smashed Sanji right in the ribs. He stumbled away from Gin as the pirate fell onto his back,
both clutching at their injuries.
"Please, Sanji," Gin begged, standing and righting himself. "I don't want to hurt you. If you'd
just leave-"
"I won't allow you to take the shitty geezer's treasure from him!" the chef growled. Gin
swung his tonfa again, but Sanji was able to stop it with the sole of his left foot. There was a
clang, so clearly Sanji's dress shoes are clearly made of more than just leather.
"Is that all you've got, Gin?" he questioned, slamming the weight into the fin and standing on
it. The blonde brought his other leg up and kicked Gin in the chest, causing him to lose his
hold on the weapon stuck in the wood.
Gin stood from where he'd landed several feet away and shifted his only weapon from his left
hand to his right, spinning it with practiced ease. He charged and swung vertically, but
overextended. Sanji responded by jumping up and locking both feet on either side of his foe's
torso, before spinning him so that Gin's head crushed the wood beneath them. Gin tried to get
up and shrug the blow off, but he was too disoriented to even stand.
"Ah'm sorry, Don Krieg," he slurred. "'e's too much for me."
"Too much?!" Krieg roared. "TOO MUCH?! Krieg Pirates never have a 'too much'. I have no
need for a worthless pirate that faces 'too much'! You're fired, Gin!"
"Bu' Don Krieg-"
"I SAID YOU'RE FIRED! Kill yourself, now!"
"Ah... yessir." Gin crawled over to where his flintlock had fallen and raised it to his head,
ready to pull the trigger. However, before he pulled the trigger, I Shunpo'd next to him, and
cut the gun out of his hand.
"Don't even think about it, 'Man-Demon'." I exhaled. "Your loyalty is commendable, truly.
But you're giving it to the wrong man."

"No! Don Krieg is-"
"KRIEG IS A MASSIVE, COLOSSAL, CUNTASAURUS!!" I roared, Gin flinching. "He is
barely worth the dirt under your fingernails, Gin! And even that is being generous! You need
to find someone worthy of your loyalty, someone who treats you as a comrade, not a
goddamned pawn!"
Gin sat there, reeling at my words. Luffy smiled, nodding in agreement. But Krieg…
He seemed to have reached the end of his patience. A large vein started pulsing on Krieg's
temple, and he grit his teeth. "Damn you all…" he raged. "Failures… I'm surrounded
by failures!" Krieg's gaze drilled into every one of his still standing subordinates. "I see now
it's better to just start with a clean slate! I'll kill all of you, and rebuild my armada from
scratch!"
Krieg reached over and grabbed his left pauldron. "Time to die!" He pulled a gas mask from
the back of the large pauldron and slipped it on.
"Don Krieg! Wait!" / "Not the MH5, not yet!" / "We still need to get our masks on!"
"MH5?!" Reiju panicked.
"DON'T YOU DARE PUT THOSE MASKS ON!" Krieg roared at his last remaining
subordinates. "NONE OF YOU ARE WORTHY TO SURVIVE THIS! ANYONE THAT
SURVIVES WILL BE KILLED BY ME!" The last few Krieg Pirates stared at their Captain
in terror and shock. The first one to break ranks dove into the sea just as the mouth of the
Jolly Roger painted on the pauldron opened up. He was quickly followed by the rest of his
crewmates.
"What the hell is he doing?!" Sanji demanded, seeing the pirates jumping ship to try and
escape whatever was coming.
"Now you can all just die! I'll take the ship and rebuild my crew after tossing your corpses
into the sea! Lethal Poison Gas Bomb! M! H! 5!" Krieg yelled out as the pauldron fired a
projectile towards the Baratie.
"MOVE!!" Reiju quickly grabbed Sanji and rushed towards Luffy and Nami. The pinkette
showed she possessed incredible strength, practically carrying all three towards Zeff. The
former pirate didn't even have time to say anything as Reiju shoved them at him, knocking
them all back into the Baratie. "Everyone get away from the door and windows, now!" It was
a testament to Reiju's authority within Baratie, that every cook watching the fight scrambled
back towards the kitchen without a word of question. She turned, and looked for me.
However, I was a ways off on the deck, watching the bomb descend.
"What are you doing?!" she yelled. "You need to get out of there!"
I looked back and grinned. "Trust me. I got this." I looked forward again, then let Zangetsu

drop from my hand, grabbing hold of the chain, which lengthened. I began spinning
Zangetsu, faster and faster, until it was practically a sawblade. That 'sawblade' then began
glowing, as I fed my reiryoku into it. Then, the MH5 landed, and exploded, unleashing its
deadly payload.
"GETSUGA…TATSUMAKI (Moon-Fang Tornado)!" I screamed, levering the spinning
Zanpakuto forward. It unleashed the Getsuga in a spinning funnel, which also pulled a galeforce wind with it. Indeed, it was as if I had unleashed a full-on tornado upon the wreckage. It
not only carried the entirety of the gas up and away to dissipate harmlessly, it also tore apart
most of the flotsam of Krieg's galleon in its path. Krieg even had to jump for a safer place to
stand.
I stood there, proud of my accomplishment, to have completely negated Krieg's trump card-

PAIN
My knees gave out, my lungs burning. Hell, all of my insides felt like they were on fucking
fire! 'Dammit! I wasn't fast enough, I must've breathed in some of the MH5!' My breaths
came in ragged bursts, and felt like they did nothing to provide me oxygen. I wondered why
the Shroud wasn't healing me, until I remembered, with annoyance, that it only
healed physical wounds for some reason. Sadly, the same could be said for the current potion
of the White Phial. 'Maybe if someone empties it into another bottle, and replaces it with an
anti-toxin solution…'
"AHH! Evan!" Luffy exclaimed, stretching over to me, Nami in tow.
"We need to get him to a doctor, quickly!" Nami worried.
"Stop!" Reiju called, rushing over. "MH5 is a toxin that kills within an hour of breathing it. It
shuts down the organs, and causes internal bleeding."
"Ahh!! That's bad!!"
I was about to remind them of the White Phial, before Reiju interrupted. "It's alright, I can
cure him."
"Eh?!" Both Luffy and Nami gaped at Reiju. "You can?!"
"Yes, give him here." Reiju smiled
Oh, thank fuck, I nearly forgot. Reiju has poison-based abilities. Not only can she inflict
poison on the enemy, and is immune to it, she can also draw it out of a person
by ohshitwaitaminute-!
She gently cupped my face, and joined her lips to mine.

"MMPH?!" My eyes ballooned as Reiju kissed me… no, not a regular kiss, I recognized this
was a full on French kiss as Reiju's tongue entered my mouth! "Mmm…"
"How is that going to help?" Luffy tilted his head in confusion.
He may have questioned it, but I was feeling loads better already. This… a gorgeous woman
was making out with me. To save my life, I know, but still. I began to lose myself, eagerly
kissing her back, my tongue dancing with her own. She giggled a little in response.
Several long moments later, Reiju pulled back, a line of saliva connecting our lips for a
second before it broke. Reiju sighed out a small cloud of off-white smoke.
"MH5 doesn't taste very good." Reiju shook her head.
"Are you going to be okay?" Luffy asked.
"She'll be fine." Sanji approached, a newly lit cigarette hanging from the corner of his mouth.
"Poison doesn't work on Reiju."
"Is it a Devil Fruit?" Nami questioned.
"No, it's just how my body works." Reiju shook her head. "Consider it a… special biological
ability, if you'd like."
"At any rate…" I finally found my voice. "Thank you, Reiju. From the bottom of my
heart, thank you."
Reiju fixed me with a lidded smile. "For saving your life… or the kiss?"
I couldn't fight my blush deepening, but I did have a retort. "Yes." I smirked.
"Anytime." she giggled. Sanji's eye started twitching, and Nami wore… a strange expression.
"So…what now?" Usopp questioned, as making his way to us, likewise having taken cover
inside Baratie.
"ARE YOU LITTLE SHITS MAKING FUN OF ME?!" Krieg screamed. "HOW ABOUT I
LOAD ANOTHER SHELL, AND KILL YOU FOR SURE?!"
Luffy's eyes were shaded by his hat, a sign to anyone that knew him that someone had just
pissed him off, and royally screwed themselves over.
"Krieg..." Luffy's voice was low, danger-filled and murderous. "You just fucked up, big time.
No one tries to kill my Nakama in front of me and gets away with it. Sanji, hold my hat."
Luffy threw his straw hat back toward the cook and began taking slow, deliberate steps
toward the older pirate. Krieg stayed where he was, and combined both his shoulder
pauldrons to create his Battle Spear.

As Luffy charged over a fallen mast, Krieg struck his end with his spear, which the reactive
feature caused a large explosion. Luffy didn't even flinch, using the momentum of his side
levering up to jump into the air, and put his feet together.
"Gum-Gum Spear!" He thrust his legs down, kicking the 'pirate admiral' square in the face.
Krieg went down as he landed, but Luffy didn't let up. He leapt forward and grabbed Krieg's
shoulders, flipping and spinning as he did so. When his feet touched down, Krieg was lifted
into the air. "Sledgehammer!"
The wood splintered on Krieg's landing, and he coughed up blood. The bastard heaved
himself up, and glared at my Captain. He pointed his right hand at the teen, unleashing a
built-in flamethrower, but Luffy shifted out of the way. His right arm shot out along the edge
of the flames, scorched but not stopping..
"Pistol!" The strike hit Krieg in the face yet again, sending the older pirate to the edge of the
wreckage, but Luffy wasn't done. He grabbed the battle spear, and chucked it at Krieg as he
was getting up. Krieg, however, had other tools up his sleeves.
Or inside of his cape, as it were. It was lined with steel and spikes that absorbed the spear's
reactive explosion; the force still pushed Krieg into a railing behind him, and the spear itself
went sailing all the way back to the Baratie Deck, stabbed into it by the blade. I made note of
it, but was still more focused on the fight before me. Luffy was in his 'Let's Get Dangerous'
mode, a rarity, especially this early. That he was like this because of me… was incredibly
flattering, honestly. It nearly made me tear up knowing how much he cared.
"You're getting on my nerves, boy!" Krieg shouted, equipping spiked gloves from his armor.
Luffy approached, and he raised his fist, punching downward. "Now die!" Luffy didn't
respond, his own fist meeting Krieg's gauntlet without even flinching, even as the spikes tore
into it. His other fist plowed into Krieg's Armor-clad torso, ringing it like a bell as the crook
was thrown into the ocean.
"Ha!" Krieg laughed when he surfaced. "Now you can't attack me! Those with the powers of
the devil can't swim!"
"How heavy is that armor?" Luffy questioned.
"Oh what the fuck are you blithering about now?!"
"How heavy is your armor? You're pretty far out there, and that armor must be heavy. How
long can you tread water before you drown?"
"I can do this all day!" Krieg shouted back.
'THAT IS NOT YOUR SLOGAN, BITCH!'
"Then how about this?" Luffy's arm stretched back over to Baratie's fins, and grabbed Gin's
discarded tonfa. The weapon ripped through the wood as the rubber-man's arm snapped back.

He threw his arm behind him again, before shooting it forward. "Gum-Gum Loaded Pistol!"
The weight on the end of the tonfa rammed into Krieg's face, obliterating his nose, and
leaving him unconscious in the middle of the ocean in his heavy Wootz-Steel armor. Luffy
wasn't done, however, his free hand reaching out to grab Krieg by the face and drag him
back. But rather than attacking, he threw his limp form onto Baratie's deck. A raucous cheer
erupted from the cooks of Baratie, celebrating victory.
"Smooth moves, Cap'n." I complimented, as Luffy landed back on Deck. "You sure showed
him who the real Pirate was."
"Yep. Nobody messes with my nakama. Ever." Luffy grinned.
I went over to where Krieg's Battle Spear had impaled itself in the deck, yanking it out, and
testing the weight. "Oi, Usopp." I called, catching the sniper's attention. "How'd you like an
upgrade to your close quarters combat?" I tossed the spear to him, and the long-nose slightly
fumbled before gripping it. "You'll have to repaint the emblem, though."
Usopp tested the weight himself, then gave a few experimental swings. "I think I can work
with this…" he grinned. "Just gotta get inside it and see how it ticks."
"AREN'T I THE STRONGEST?!"
"Oh, for fucks sake." I groused, rolling my eyes. We turned, and there was Krieg, on his feet,
with subordinates trying to calm him down. He was clearly running on pure spite, as his eyes
were blank, denoting unconsciousness.
"NO ONE DARES TO GO AGAINST ME!"
"Don, please stop!" / "If you don't stop, your injuries-"
"I'VE WON EVERY SINGLE BATTLE I'VE BEEN IN! IT'S UTTERLY IMPOSSIBLE
FOR SOMEONE TO MATCH MY STRENGTH!"
"God, delusional much?" Nami jeered. I snickered.
"I WIN… AND WILL CONTI-" The tirade was cut off abruptly, as Gin appeared, slamming
his tonfa into Krieg's gut.
"You've lost, Don Krieg." he intoned. "It's over. Time to retreat with some dignity." Krieg
slumped over, totally out now, and Gin lifted him over his shoulder. "Thanks again for
everything, Sanji."
"Sure." Sanji replied. "Don't come again."
"Hey, are you serious?!" Carne remarked. "That guy tried to kill you, remember?!"
"Straw Hat. Evan" Luffy and I perked up, looking at Gin. "Let's meet again, on the Grand

Line. Your words have made me realize… you might be right. I followed Don Krieg, looked
up to him as the strongest. But it seems he never was. All I've been doing is using Don's
name as a shield to escape and hide behind. As long as you're prepared, things like being
scared of your enemies, or getting hurt, are naught but useless worrying. I'll help out my old
crew one last time, then I'll set out to find him. A Captain worthy of my loyalty."
I smiled. "Glad to hear it."
Sanji looked thoughtful for a moment. "Patty, Carne." he called to the pair. "Give them the
boat we use to go buy ingredients."
"WHAT?! WHY?!"
"Just do it already, assholes!"
Soon, the small vessel was readied, and piled high with the groaning and/or unconscious
bodies of all the Krieg Pirates.
"Thanks again." Gin said. "It's alright if I don't return this boat, right?"
"If you have the balls to come back and return it, then go ahead and try." Sanji dared.
"Some scary restaurant this is! See ya!"
"See you around some time, 'Man-Demon'." I waved. Gin waved back, as he once again
sailed off from Baratie.

Chapter 10: The Fall of Arlong Park
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

ping
You have earned an item roll!​

1. Armament Haki, Intermediate (One Piece)​
2. Totems of Zambesi* (DC)​
3. Felix Felicis (Harry Potter)​
4. Draupnir Spear (God of War)​
5. Helldusk Armor (DnD)​
6. Dog Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
7. Arthur Weasley's Ford Anglia (Harry Potter)​
8. Bezel's Charm of Pyrokinesis (Ben 10)​
9. Blue Beetle Scarab (DC)​
10. Yamato (Devil May Cry)​
11. Omnicannon (DC)​
12. The Keystone of Bezel (Ben 10)​
13. Armbands of Shiva (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
14. Nth Metal Mace (DC)​
15. NZT-48 (Limitless)​
16. Monado (Xenoblade Chronicles)​
17. Stimpak (Fallout)​
18. Praetor Armor (Doom)​
19. Cosmic Staff (DC)​
20. Pig Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)​

After a couple of hours of tidying things up and getting things arranged for our departure, my
powers went off again. I almost idly formed my D20, and tossed it at the wall. My result was
14.

Nth Metal Mace (DC)
This Thanagarian Morningstar, crafted from the planet's native Nth Metal, is a
powerful melee weapon famously wielded by the Hawks. It can generate electric
currents and possesses enough kinetic energy to cause serious damage even to those

with superhuman strength and durability. The Nth metal properties also can repel and
detect magical energies, and also allow the wielder to fly unaided, though the latter is
uncommonly used due to Thanagarians' wings.​

Huh, that's pretty neat. Honestly, I'll take it, if only to save my rerolls for later. Could be
useful, in my hands or someone elses. Thoughts for later. The die morphs into an exact
duplicate of the mace I remember seeing watching the JLA and JLU shows wielded by
Hawkgirl. I quickly opened a portal to my Fortress, set it down just inside to the side, and
came back to Baratie, and went back to the ship.
Minutes later, the two siblings exited the restaurant, with Zeff not far behind. As the two
walked towards Merry, all the cooks lined up to see them off, Patty and Carne sprang up,
each wielding an oversized spoon weapon.
"This is payback for all those years!" Patty declared
"Say your prayers, Sanji!" Carne yelled.
In a blur of motion, both of the other cooks slammed into the wooden deck bleeding and
bruised. Sanji continued towards the Merry as if nothing had happened. Reiju smiled at one
last act of Baratie Rambunctiousness.
"Told ya you can't beat him." One of the other chefs chided Patty.
"Alright, let's go." Sanji said, standing before the gangplank.
"Just like that?" Luffy asked, head tilted. "What about saying goodbye?"
"It's fine." Sanji waved it off.
"Oi, Sanji, Reiju." Zeff spoke up, both siblings turning to face their surrogate father. "You
keep your feet dry." He smiled fondly.
Sanji trembled, before he dropped to the deck and bowed his head. "Owner Zeff!" Sanji
called back, tears flowing freely. "All these years that I've lived under your damn roof! I owe
you my life! I'll never forget you!"
"Thank you for taking care of us for so long… father." Reiju responded, tearing up herself.
"You damn brats." Zeff ducked his head and wiped at his eyes..
"Goddammit!" Patty cried. "We're gonna be lonely without ya!"
"Real lonely, ya hear!" Carne wept.
"We're all gonna miss you!" All of the cooks at the Baratie admitted tearfully. "It's so sad!"

"Shitty punks…" Zeff sniffled. "Men should say their goodbyes silently."
"Let's meet again one day!" Sanji cried. "You good-for-nothing bastards!"
"We'll miss you, Reiju!" The cooks cried out, practically ignoring Sanji entirely.
"I'll miss you all too." Reiju smiled, wiping her eyes.
"We'll miss you the most, Reiju." One cook proclaimed.
"Yeah, Sanji too, I guess, but mostly you!" Another cook agreed.
"Hey!" Sanji barked. "You shitty punks!" In spite of his anger, he still had a wide smile on his
face.
"Alright! Let's set sail!" Luffy called out.
Reiju and Sanji finally walked up the gangplank with their bags of possessions and boarded
the Going Merry for the first time. The gangplank was raised and the sail lowered to catch the
wind. Sanji and Reiju waved goodbye to their old home until Baratie was out of sight.
"Come on, Reiju, I'll show you to the Women's Quarters." Nami said, calling after the
pinkette. She smiled, and followed the navigator.
"Yeah, Sanji, you need to pick out a bed for yourself!" Luffy chirped, dragging Sanji towards
the Men's Quarters.
"I can walk, shitty Captain!" Sanji yelled as they disappeared into the hatch.
I shook my head, pleased to see these antics already in play. I also had a few moments to
myself to think.
I got cocky back there. Again. And I nearly died because of it, again. I have a high-speed
healing potion, and a damned shroud of instant regeneration! Yet I still nearly died! I need to
get a goddamned grip, or my journey will come to an end sooner than later.
Luffy popped back out of the hatch. "Hey, Evan!" he announced. "Sanji and Reiju are gonna
make us a celebration dinner soon!"
I grinned. 'Not anytime soon, though. Not if I can help it.' "Sounds awesome! Can't wait!"

~BtWwG~​

A few days later, the weather was fair and clear, and the course Nami had plotted to her home
archipelago was the fastest there was. It took advantage of every current and the most
common weather patterns of this part of the East Blue. Now, they may have been
comparatively weak combat-wise, but given they had to have some decent navigating
between the two of them, it didn't take Johnny and Yosaku long to figure out the direction
they were headed in.
"Didn't you say you wanted to go to the Grand Line?" Johnny questioned. "This is literally
the wrong way!"
"You do know where you're going, right?" Yosaku followed. "You guys are heading into
'Sawtooth' Arlong's turf! We gotta turn back now!"
Nami and I shared a look. "Looks like it's time, Nami. We can't hold this off anymore."
"Yeah, I know…" she sighed. "I'll tell them."
"Huh? Tell us what, Big Sis?" the duo asked.
"Everyone!" I called out. "Crew meeting, in the lounge!"
A minute later, we had everyone gathered at the kitchen table, and Nami started telling them
everything. She didn't break down this time, and she shortened the details, but it got the point
across just fine. By the end of it, Usopp had a solemn look, and determination in his eyes.
Johnny and Yosaku were bawling their eyes out, Reiju looked to be darkly brainstorming new
poison combinations, and Zoro and Sanji were fuming in anger. Luffy, naturally, scared me
with his demeanor, eyes shadowed by his hat, like with Krieg.
"That bastard fish is gonna pay." he thundered. "We're going straight to this park place, and
we're gonna kick his ass!"
"Hold on!" Nami interrupted. "I appreciate that, really. But before that, I… I want to try this
my way first. I have the money now. Once I give it to him, he should fulfill his promise and
leave. He always keeps his word when it comes to money."
"EHHH?!" Everyone exclaimed. Even I was surprised at this.
"No way!" Sanji argued. "We can't let that bastard walk away unharmed!"
"Nami, are you sure?" I asked. Before I could say more, she fixed me with a look. I could see
that she knew he might use a loophole, find a way out, but she needed to try this anyway. I
nodded. "Listen to her guys. It's her fight that's been ongoing for 8 long years, so we let her
finish it. If and when he betrays her, and breaks the deal, we'll crush the Arlong Pirates."

"If and motherfucking when." Zoro agreed.
"Alright." Luffy nodded.
I could see it in everyone's faces; all of them, even Usopp, were hoping that Arlong would
break the deal. Luckily for them, I already knew he would. Suddenly, the ship lurched as if it
had hit something, and everyone quickly filed out of the kitchen to see what was going on.
Outside, a sea monster that was just a bit bigger than the Merry sat in the ship's path. It had a
gold nose ring on its big, round nose, and two horns protruding from its head. It looked like a
cross between a cow and a fish, but the spots were green rather than black or brown.
'Cowfish.' I thought to myself. Then I snickered, recalling that one sequel movie, Fievel Goes
West. 'Heheheh. "Dogfish".'
"M-M-MONSTER!" Usopp, Johnny and Yosaku screamed, holding each other in fear.
"A sea cow?" Sanji wondered. "Or… a hippo?"
"Mohmoo!" Nami yelped fearfully.
"Nami, you know this cow?" Luffy asked.
"He-He's the sea monster Arlong brought back from the Grand Line." Nami trembled.
"Arlong sends him out when he wants to destroy a town"
"He's kinda cute." Reiju said.
"Wha-Seriously?!"
"Huh, Looks like he's hungry," Sanji noted. Indeed, Mohmoo was sniffing the air, pointed
towards the kitchen.
"AAAGH! Please, don't eat us!" Usopp and the Hunter Duo screamed. Meanwhile, Sanji
strode into the kitchen, and came back with some food.
"Here ya go, boy. Eat up." He held out the food to the sea cow, and it opened its maw wide. A
bit too wide, really… "Die!" Sanji kicked hard, making Mohmoo's head snap back.
"What the fuck are you attacking it for?!" Usopp screamed.
"That thing was about to take a bite of me too!" Sanji growled.
"MOOOOOO!" The sea cow, after regaining its senses, roared and was about to attack.
"Enough." I intoned. I exerted my reiatsu, directing it at the juvenile Sea King. Mohmoo
came to a halt, his anger melting away and replaced with fear. The sea cow now

thoroughly… cowed, I stopped pressuring him.
"It's fine. We won't hurt you anymore." I soothed, jumping onto and patting his head. "So
long as you don't hurt us, and you give us a ride. Okay?" Mohmoo nodded, tears in his
relieved eyes. Sanji and Luffy went to get some rope, and they quickly tethered Merry to the
sea cow.
"Alright! Full speed ahead to Coco-bred! Go, Mohmoo!" Luffy yelled and Momoo started
pulling the ship at a really fast pace.
"That's Cocoyashi, Luffy."
"Okay, what the fresh hell just happened?!" Usopp demanded. "What did you do back there?
It felt like a weight was pressing down on my soul."
"Heh, you're not far off." I admitted. "That was my Reiatsu, or Spiritual Pressure. It can
happen when I release my spirit power. It causes a physical force and induces fear and such.
It has its uses."
"I'll say!"
Nami stood near the bow, still in awe that the 'Terrifying Grand Line Monster' she was so
scared of, was now being used to tow their ship. Slowly, hope started rising in her. That
Arlong, one way or another, was about to be finished.

~BtWwG~​

Soon, our destination came into view, and I got Mohmoo to stop before we re-enact canon
and crash into the island. He had been amiable the whole way, especially once we actually
gave him food for helping them out. Mohmoo happily ate one last meal, before diving back
into the sea. Nami sailed us the rest of the way discreetly, ensuring no fishman caught us.
"We'll enter the island in secret, okay? I'll take you guys to my house, and you'll stay there
until I say otherwise. Understood?"
"Yes, ma'am!" We replied. 'No promises, of course, given this crew.'
We docked near the town of Gosa Village, where most everyone gawked at the flipped

houses.
"What in the world happened to this place?" Usopp shivered.
"This is what happens to a town when even one person fails to pay the tribute," Nami said
solemnly
"Well, we can at least take solace that it won't be happening again." I assured. "One way, or
another."
Everyone silently walked through the empty village, and after passing a forested area, we
came across a blue-haired woman walking along the path in front of us.
"Ah, Nojiko!" Nami called, getting her sister's attention. Nojiko turned around and showed
she was carrying a badly wounded kid in her arms. Most of his body was covered in
bandages, and his broken arm was in a sling. That threw me for a loop, 'cause I don't
remember this happening.
"Nami." Nojiko smiled. Her smile dropped when she saw the rest of the crew, studying all of
us as we got closer. "You were gone for a while this time. What happened? And who are
these people?"
"Oh! This is a joyous day that let me meet such a beau-" Sanji's love tirade was cut off by a
chop from Reiju.
"Not the time, little brother." she insisted.
"Come on, let's go home. I'll explain there," Nami said. Nojiko agreed, and we finished
making our way towards their home.
"What's with the kid?" Nami asked as we walked.
Nojiko sighed. "His name is Chabo, from Gosa village. His dad was killed not too long ago…
I found him lying outside of Arlong Park today, badly beaten. I just took him to Doctor Nako
and got him treated. Kid says he wanted to avenge his father, and charged into their base…"
She shook her head, sighing, "He's lucky to be alive"
"I see…"
I had to fight not to freeze in place. I couldn't even hear the amusing dialogue of him
mistaking Usopp for a fishman. This kid, in the original canon, would have had his charge
stopped by Nami upon her return. But I changed things, and Nami is only just getting
home. 'I did this.' I thought. 'My changes nearly killed this kid. I…'
NO.
I didn't hurt this kid, Arlong's peons did. I can't control everything, and trying to or worrying
too much would only make things worse.

A few minutes later, we reached the house with the tangerine grove, and got settled in the
kitchen. Nojiko offered to make us tea, but Sanji took that over in a hurry, so she just sat
across from Nami.
"So, do I get an explanation now?" she asked.
"Well, introductions first," Nami began, "Everyone, this is my sister, Nojiko." We all waved
in greeting. "And Nojiko, this… is my crew."
Nojiko seemed confused, and looked like she was asking Nami some non-verbal questions.
Nami chuckled. "I'm not conning them or anything… they really are my crew. Luffy is the
Captain. We've got Evan, Zoro, Usopp, Sanji, and Reiju." She pointed us out as she named
us. "These two are Zoro's old bounty hunter friends who've hitched a ride with us for now."
"S-So you joined another pirate crew? Ah, d-do they know…?" she trailed off, eyeing Nami's
shoulder.
"Yeah, I told them everything." Nami admitted, to Nojiko's shock.
"You've never opened up to anyone else. What in the world…?"
"Yeah, I know what you're thinking. But these are good people… the best I've ever met." She
clapped a hand on my shoulder. "This idiot, right here, broke through to me. He's really
helped me." I grinned in pride. "So now, once Arlong is dealt with, I'm going with them to
the Grand Line as navigator."
"What are you saying?!" Nojiko screeched. "Nami, what the Hell happened that you're
choosing to follow another pirate?! What do you mean 'once Arlong-'?" She gasped, "Did
you finally manage to collect the 100 million?"
"Oh yeah, all that and more." Nami grinned, "We can finally be free, Nojiko!"
Nojiko just gaped at Nami, still trying to process everything.
"I think we should give you both some time alone." Reiju offered. "C'mon you guys, let's
explore the tangerine grove."
"Don't you dare pick and eat them off the trees!" Nami ordered. "Only the ripe ones need to
be plucked," She pointed to a basket filled with tangerines in the corner. "Take what you want
from there"
"Cool, thanks, Nami!" Luffy wasted no time, and grabbed a bunch of tangerines.
"Is it true?" Chabo spoke up. "Can we finally be free from Arlong?"
Nami smiled, and ruffled his hair. "Yeah, just a few hours longer. Just keep quiet until then,

'kay?" The kid nodded enthusiastically.
"Oh, that's right!" I realized. "You said you have a doctor here? He should really take a look
at Zoro."
"I don't need a damn- GHRK!" Zoro's protest was cut off when I lightly smacked him in his
bandaged wound.
"You decided to forgo my instant healing in favor of a reminder scar, so you're gonna get
looked at by an actual medical professional, got it?"
"Bastard…!"
"Alright, I can go get him, just wait here." Nojiko said.
"I can do it!" Chabo volunteered. "I'm feeling way better anyway!"
"Okay, kid, go get the Doc. Tell him the patient has sword wounds." The boy nodded, and
left.
"Alright, let's get out," Luffy, his hand filled with more than a dozen tangerines, left along
with the rest, leaving the sisters alone to talk in the other room.
Minutes later, Doctor Nako came by, and was beside himself once he started looking over
Zoro, causing a racket.
"How in the flying Hell did you even get such a cut in the first place?!" Nako yelled
exasperatedly, disinfecting the wounds.
"Mosshead asked for it," Sanji scoffed.
"Watch it, love-cook." Zoro growled.
"You say something, shitty swordsman?"
"Well, he's not wrong." Usopp added. "You just showed Mihawk your chest and
practically asked him to cut you down."
"…It's a reminder." Zoro softly said.
"Say what now?" Nami asked, as she and Nojiko came into the living room.
"It's a reminder from Mihawk, so he never forgets the difference in their strengths." I stated.
"It's also a reminder of Mihawk's acknowledgement, from the World's Strongest Swordsman.
That's a badge of honor, right there."
"I see… if you say so."

"You'll have your hands full dealing with these guys, won't you?" Nojiko giggled. Nami just
sighed.
The happy mood turned sour when we heard loud screams from somewhere nearby, in town.
"I'll go check it out. You guys stay here," Nami said, quickly going for the door, Nojiko right
behind her.
I pulled my hood up, and followed regardless. Once we reached town, we saw a large
gathering of people gathered around Genzo, along with Arlong himself, and a few of his men.
I briefly panicked, seeing Genzo lifted by the throat, vaguely remembering Arlong was about
to kill him for finding weapons.
"ARLONG!" Nami shouted, running toward them.
"Oh? Nami, you're back!" Arlong smiled, showing off his sharp teeth. "Why didn't you report
in?"
"I just got here… Why are you threatening Genzo?"
Arlong grinned sadistically. "Well, you see, this human here was found in possession of a
weapon. You know the law, Nami. Possession of a weapon is a clear sign of rebellion. It's a
threat to our dominion and will just cause unrest and disturbance in my lands. So, I'll have to
make an example out of this human to make the rest understand what happens to those who
rebel!"
Nami stayed silent, glaring at Arlong, whose sadistic smile only widened. "Are you
unsatisfied with what I'm doing Nami? Or would you rather I destr-"
"This village isn't yours anymore." She stated calmly, cutting him off.
Arlong's smile dropped. "What do you mean by that?"
"I have the 100 million," she said, a catty smile on her face. "I'm buying my village back"
Arlong lost all composure and dropped Genzo, the so-called 'rebel' forgotten.
"All the money is at my place, so ask your stupid men to come pick it up immediately." Nami
spat. She was clearly revelling in the shock she was causing in her tormentor. She tilted her
head innocently. "What's wrong, Arlong? You wouldn't go back on your word, would you?"
Arlong finally overcame his shock, and put on a fake smile. "Of course not, Nami. So, ya
finally did it, eh? Very well. Bring the money to my base, and we'll make it official."
"I'll be there soon. Now, leave my village and never set foot here ever again."
"Sha-hahaha!" Arlong laughed. "Take your time. Men, let's go." Arlong and his crew turned
around to leave. I saw his fake smile drop instantly, replaced by anger. It was all falling into

place.
"Nami, is it true?" Genzo asked, after Arlong left. "Did you really manage to collect all the
money for the village?"
"Yeah, I go- Wait, you knew?!" Nami asked incredulously.
"Of course, Nami. None of us believed for a second that you'd willingly work for that
bastard."
"They… kinda made me tell them, the first time you went on a run." Nojiko sheepishly
confessed.
"So… all these years…?"
"We just didn't want to burden you with our troubles." Genzo admitted, tearing up. "We
wanted you to run away, so we thought that if we acted like we hated you, you'd leave this
place… but you never did…" Several other villagers started crying as well.
Nami took in all the happy faces of the villagers, and got misty-eyed herself, happy that the
villagers hadn't hated her after all.
Some time later, after Nami received much thanks and apologies from the townsfolk, she had
us help her unearth her horde from under the grove. We counted it all out, careful not to miss
a single Beri.
"There we go!" Nami started. "One-Hundred Thirty-Eight Million Beri. More than enough."
She turned to me. "Your 'commission' helped finish this a lot faster. Thank you."
"No problem. You're more than worth it, Nami." I replied, poking her in the nose. She
slapped my hand away, giggling.
"Hey, what's with the crowd?" Luffy asked, looking out the window. I followed his gaze, and
spotted Genzo, a few villagers, and a lot of Marines, led by one rat-faced bastard in
front. 'And so it begins.' I mentally sighed, preparing myself to hold back for the opportune
moment.
"Why're the Marines here?" Nojiko wondered.
We opened the door, only to be greeted by Genzo's solemn expression, but anything he was
going to say was cut off.
"Chichichi…" the leader chuckled. "I'm Marine Captain Nezumi of the Navy's 16th Branch.
So, you must be the criminal known as Nami."
"Criminal…?" Nami began. "Well, I am technically with the Arlong Pirates. So what? You
really want to risk displeasing Arlong by doing something to me?"

"Chichichi, a pirate, eh? I've no idea what you're talking about. We're not here to hurt you,
don't worry, but I have received reports of your thievery! My sources say that you steal
exclusively from pirates, making this a rather unorthodox case…"
Nezumi smiled smugly. "Regardless, a thief is still a thief. The loot you stole belongs to the
people it was originally stolen from. Therefore, you must surrender it to us - The World
Government."
"What?!"
"Let me make it clear. You will hand over all your stolen goods, immediately! Men, search
the place!"
"Yes sir!" The other Marines obeyed, but before they entered the house, Nami knocked out a
couple of them with her bo-staff.
"Stop! What do you think you're doing?! You can't just barge into somebody's house like
this!"
As Marines kept trying to enter, Nami struck down a few more, but there were too many for
her to stop alone. "Stop it! Is this how the Marines operate?! The Arlong Pirates have been
terrorizing this island for years! He's slaughtered people, and wiped out entire villages! All
the people on this island are slaves under their rule! Instead, you're here prioritizing some
petty theft! Is this how the World Government does things?!"
"Chichichi… criminals have no right talking so high-handedly, little girl! Ignore her, continue
the search!"
"That money is for the sake of every resident of our village!" Genzo raged. "How dare you
believe you have the right to take that away?!"
"Why don't you get lost?" Nojiko added. "If Arlong finds you here, he'll attack you too!"
"Arlong? Attack us? I wonder about that… Chichichichi…"
"Sir!" a Marine in the house reported. "There's a huge pile of cash and treasure in the
kitchen!"
"Chichichi!" Nezumi laughed, forcibly entering the house. Greed shone in his eyes when he
saw the loot. "Ah! The Hundred Million! All neatly arranged and ready for us to take it!
Chichichichi, how thoughtful!"
"WHAT?!" Genzo erupted. "How could you possibly know how much there is?!" Nami paled,
putting the pieces together in her head.
"Hm? Oh, I just had a feeling she'd have that much. Chichichichi!"
"… Arlong is doing this… you're working for him…" Nami fumed, shaking in rage.

"Oh? I wouldn't go that far. We're just Marines performing our civic duties and persecuting
thieves!"
"Why you corrupt bastards!" Genzo screamed
"How could you take orders from that pirate?!" Nojiko yelled while trying to comfort Nami.
"They're hindering our mission." Nezumi spoke to his men. "Take them away from here."
Just as the Marines raised their rifles, I let my reiatsu loose. Everyone felt my Spiritual
Pressure pressing down on them, but I focused in on the Marines in particular. If they had any
will at all, they'd have been able to resist. As it is, these peons fell to the ground, clutching
their throats, unable to even breathe. Nezumi, somehow, was only kneeling.
"Wh-Who… who the Hell…?" he quaked.
I strode forward, and snatched him up by the neck, holding him aloft.
"You…" I growled irately. "You slimy, pathetic waste of human flesh. You who claim to
stand for Justice, only to enable Arlong's bullshit for nearly a decade. You think you can just
do as you please with no consequence? Oh no, I don't think so. Now see, I've heard it said
that we only gain wisdom through suffering. And right now? Oh, I intend to make you very
wise."
"You… you can't… do this…!" Nezumi choked out.
"Oh, but I can, rat-shit. Right now, you exist because I allow it, and you will end because I
demand it!"
"P-Please… don't hurt me…" Nezumi trembled. "I-I-I only did what Arlong told me to do… I
have no ill intentions… if I hadn't done it, he would have killed me!"
"Shut up, you mewling quim!" I barked, making the rat flinch. "I was here the whole time. I
saw you taking immense pleasure in tormenting our friends" Nezumi started sobbing more.
"Order your men to leave this place, and I may consider letting you join them. NOW."
His men, who had recovered from earlier and began pointing guns at me, looked to their
captain.
"We-Well?! You heard him! M-Move it!"
Every single Marine present only took a second to take the fuck off, right back to their ship.
Cowards.
"S-S-So, can I go t-too?" Nezumi whimpered. "P-P-Please…?"
I sighed. "I suppose I can be generous." Hope spread across Nezumi's face, only to be undone

by my next action. "Captain? Care to send him away?" I tossed the Marine to Luffy, who
caught him in his grasp.
"Gotcha. Gum-Gum…Alley Oop!" He spun in place, and eventually let go of Nezumi,
sending him flying far out and, hopefully, into the drink.
"Nice toss."
"Thanks." Luffy turned to Nami, wearing his serious face. "Nami… Arlong just broke the
deal,"
"I know…" she seethed. "Somehow, I knew he'd try to weasel his way out of this.
"You know what's next then."
She slowly nodded. "'You can't change anything if you aren't prepared to put your life on the
line'… isn't that right?"
Luffy grinned, then took off his hat and placed it on her head. Her eyes drifted upwards to see
the brim of the hat, and her hand automatically went to touch it.
"Let's go." Luffy said to us, his crew.
"RIGHT!" we answered.
"Wait wait, you guys are going to fight Arlong and his crew?" Nojiko cut in, "Don't be
suicidal! Just take Nami away from here!"
"Yes, just take her away, please!" Genzo begged, "Nami seems to trust you, so we'll leave her
to you"
"No!" Nami refused. "No, we'll fight them. If we win, we win. If we lose, we just die
together!" We agreed with grins, while Nojiko and Genzo were stunned at her words.
The news had spread to the entire village and they were following behind the Strawhats, with
Johnny and Yosaku getting the task to keep them all out of their way.
The Straw Hat Pirates were marching on Arlong Park.

Chapter End Notes

A/N: ...next tiiime on DEATH BATTLE...
*hologram of hooded robed individual opens up*

Evan: "What is thy bidding, my Master?"
Me: "Lord Evan... the time has come. Execute Order One Hundred Fifty-One."
Evan: "...which one was that again?"
Me: "Order 151 - Run the fade with Arlong and his mooks until they regret their own
birth."
Evan: *bows* "It will be done, My Lord."
...Well, I don't know what else to put here. See ya, sleemos!
LLaP

Chapter 11: The Fall of Arlong Park, Part II
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The crew marched with a purpose toward Arlong Park, and each of us walked with an air of
malice that caused some citizens following us to shudder. As we approached the gate, I
noticed a pair of fishmen standing there, shooting the shit and laughing. They didn't even
notice us until we were nearly on top of them.
"Hey, what the hell's the meaning of this?" the first demanded.
"Better get Arlong." the other remarked. "Tell him the humans have decided to-"
He never finished his sentence, as I Flashed right in front of them, grabbed both by the neck,
and finally used the secondary function of my Shroud of Eden, draining their Vitality and
Strength, enhancing my own. The Frye Twins and Henry Green could withstand Starrick
doing this to them without falling unconscious, but these two fuckwits were nowhere near as
willful. I picked them up and tossed them aside as the rest of the crew joined me.
"So…" I began. "Luffy, Nami, should one of us knock, or all of us together?"
"Together works." Nami affirmed, clenching a fist.
"On three?" Luffy asked, readying his own.
I nodded. "THREE."
We punched the gate, and it didn't collapse so much as rip straight from its hinges, flying
several meters into, and collapsing onto, several fishmen inside. The requisite dust that was
kicked up cleared, showing the remaining Arlong Pirates in varying states of shock.
"Which one of you is Arlong?" Luffy demanded, stepping through the now-ruined entrance.
"That would be me." replied the bastard, eyebrow raised, still lounging in his chair.
"I'm Luffy."
"I see… and what the Hell are you supposed to be?"
"A Pirate." Luffy was nearing Arlong in his chair.
"Sha-hahahaha!" Arlong laughed, his crew joining in. "And what does a pirate want with
me?"
Luffy cocked his fist back, and slugged Arlong in the face as hard as he could. The blue

bastard went flying, and smashed into the wall at the other end of the base, the concrete
caving in.
"Don't you dare make my navigator cry!"
"How dare you…!" yelled Arlong's peons. They rushed Luffy with their weapons, but were
tossed back in seconds, scattering their moaning forms around the area.
"Damn it, Luffy." Sanji huffed around his cigarette. "Don't rush ahead, save some for the rest
of us."
"That's right, Captain." Reiju agreed, arms crossed. "I'd hate to have come all this way for
nothing. We all want to show off, too."
"Don't forget me." Nami added, tapping her staff in her hand. "I've got a lot of pent-up anger
to get out."
Arlong picked himself back up. "So, you decided to betray us, have you Nami?" he
demanded.
"'Betrayal' implies I was ever on your side to begin with. You were always my enemy,
Arlong! From the day you killed my mother!"
"And so you found a new crew to try and take me out? Sha-hahahaha! Just what could a
handful of measly humans do?!"
"Arlong doesn't need to fight the likes of you!" Hatchan said. He cupped his mouth and blew
it like a trumpet. "Mohmoo! Come out, Mohmoo!" There was silence for a few moments,
before a lump in the water started getting bigger until it reached land and broke the surface.
Mohmoo's gaze swept over the battlefield until it fell on our crew. He very clearly
remembered our last meeting, and came to the conclusion that dealing with us was not worth
it, as the beast turned and started swimming away.
"Wait, Mohmoo!" Hatchan called, to no avail. "Where are you going?!"
"Mohmoo…" Arlong called darkly, his tone causing the large creature to freeze. "The hell do
you think you're doing? I mean, you can leave if you want… but you're gonna deal with the
consequences."
"MOOOOOOOO!!" His fear of our crew overridden by his fear of Arlong, Mohmoo turned
back and attacked.
"Alright! Follow Mohmoo's lead!" / Let's show these inferior humans not to mess with us!"
As Mohmoo and the Fishmen charged, the crew readied themselves to throw down. However,
we wouldn't get our chance yet, because Luffy squared up first. He slammed one foot into
and through the concrete, followed by the other. He spun himself round, winding his body up

and knocking several fishmen back. He stretched and grabbed Mohmoo by the horns, who
teared up, knowing he was in for some pain.
"GUM-GUM…!"
"HIT THE DECK!" I called out, dragging Nami down in my dive to the floor, followed by
the rest of the crew.
"PINWHEEL!!" Luffy released his wind-up, spinning around, and wreaking havoc with
Mohmoo's body like a flail. As he let Mohmoo go, the sea cow flying off into the ocean, he
left basically all the mooks on the ground, surrounded by various bits of rubble.
"I didn't come here to fight these small-fries." Luffy stated, pointing at Arlong. "The one I
want to beat up, is YOU!"
"That's excellent." Arlong replied. "Just now, I was just thinking of killing you myself, as
well."
"Looks like we have no choice but to fight." Kuroobi noted.
"NYUU! How dare you hurt our brothers!" Hatchan raged.
"Chew… Looks like we need to teach these humans the difference between our races.." Chew
jeered.
"He sent that huge beast from the Grand Line flying!" / "What incredible power!" / "This is
unbelievable!"
The villagers marveled at the strength being showcased before them, hope that their long
nightmare could really end filling them.
"It's like the gods themselves are fighting," Genzo commented.
"If this was how things were gonna turn out, we should have fought from the beginning."
Kuroobi said. "Arlong, please just sit back for now."
"If we let you fight while that enraged, Chew…" Chew warned. "All of Arlong Park will end
up destroyed!"
"Take this!" Hachi announced, bending down and crossing his six arms. "Zero Visibility:…"
"That octopus is up to something," Zoro noticed.
"Hey guys…" Luffy said. "I've got a problem here…"
"Takohachi Black!" Hachi shouted, blasting a powerful black jet of ink out of his mouth at
us.

*SPLAT*
Everyone in the line of fire dove away, except for Luffy, who couldn't. So he was thus
covered in the black octopus ink.
"You dumbass! Why didn't you dodge that?" Zoro snapped.
"AAAHHH! I can't see!" Luffy screamed, blinded by the ink.
"Luffy, watch out! Dodge it!" Usopp shrieked as Hachi picked up a massive piece of rubble,
and walked it over his head toward him.
"Yeah, that's the problem," Luffy replied, "I kinda can't move, or see!"
"What." Sanji deadpanned.
"Fucking classic…" I uttered.
"God's sake, you moron." Zoro groaned.
"But you did that to yourself!" Usopp exclaimed.
"Oh, Luffy…" Nami and Reiju shook their heads.
"Takohachi Black… on the ROCK!" Hachi shouted as he slammed the giant piece of rock
down on Luffy.
*KER-CRACK*
The rock split in half just after impact, Sanji standing in between the two halves, leg poised
post-attack. "Ah, jeez…"
"Nice one, Sanji!" Luffy cheered.
"Looks like I've chosen to follow a dumbass for my captain…" Sanji commented.
"My thoughts exactly." Zoro agreed.
"But hey," Sanji continued. "It's still a hundred times better than being in a pirate crew that
would harm a lady."
"For a human, you're not half-bad." Kuroobi admitted. "But going around spouting chivalrous
lines, going to certain death for one lousy girl? Ridiculous!"
"Lousy girl?" Sanji glared daggers at the ray fishman. "Insult Nami one more time, and I
promise that you'll go from fishman to fishsticks. Got that?!"
"Still not yet, my feet aren't budging one bit." Luffy told Usopp, as he tried pulling Luffy

free.
"Still?" Usopp said as he continued to pull.
"You think you can just horse around, in Arlong Park?!" Hachi reached down and picked up
another huge chunk of rock, "I'll destroy you!"
"AAAAAAHHH!" Usopp screamed, running and stretching Luffy along with him, "Hurry up
and get your feet out already!"
"Hey Octopus," Zoro called out as he held his sword out in front of Hachi, "Those guys're
busy right now. Why don't you play with me instead?"
"Roronoa Zoro," Hachi growled, "You think you can come in here and cut down my
brethren? I'll kill you first!"
"It doesn't matter what reasons you have, octopus. You guys aren't going to be doing the
killing. It's us that are going to kill you!"
"Good work, Zoro." Usopp cheered, giving the swordsman a thumbs up and wiping his brow.
"I'll let you deal with that octopus." Usopp took a second, then realized what he just did.
"CRAP! I ACCIDENTALLY LET GO! LUFFY!"
Luffy screamed as he went back towards his stuck feet at incredible speed, gut-checking
Chew in the process.
"Darn it, back here again." Luffy groaned.
"...my bad." Usopp whimpered.
Chew got back to his feet, locked on to Usopp, then rushed towards him. "Looks like you
really do want me to kill you!"
"AAAAAGHHH!" Usopp screamed, running off through the destroyed entrance.
"Bro Usopp!" Johnny exclaimed.
"Chew? Looks like all the Cocoyashi Villagers are here too." Chew commented as he came
through and spotted them. "I take it that you're all rebelling, then? Which means you'll all be"
"APOLLO STAR!" An arrow hit Chew in the face, exploding into a large fireball and
knocking him backwards. "DON'T FORGET!" Usopp proclaimed, holding Kinthara aloft.
"YOUR OPPONENT IS ME!"
"Fine, since you want to be killed so badly, allow me to make it quick!" Chew yelled, getting
to his feet and continuing the chase.

"GYYAAAAAAGHHHHH!" Usopp took off down the road screaming.
"KICK HIS ASS, USOPP!" I yelled after him. "USE YOUR WITS!" Another scream was
my answer.
"Arlong," Kuroobi began, as his captain walked forward. "I've already asked you not to
fight."
"Nah, I ain't gonna fight, but…" Arlong replied, trailing off and looking at Luffy.
"I'm gonna kick your… ASS!" Luffy shouted as he shot his fist out at Arlong. But Arlong
moved his head, then he reached out and caught his wrist before it went back.
I knew what was going to happen next. I could stop it, right now. But I wanted Arlong to
myself. 'Sorry, Luffy.' He had his chance, and got stuck like an idiot. He'll be fine. Genzo,
Nojiko and the others will rescue him. But now it's my turn.
"Do you seriously think you can win against us?" Arlong asked.
"And what if we do?" Sanji answered.
"You bet I think so, you idiot!" Luffy agreed. "Now let go of my hand!"
"Seems like this prick has something to say." Zoro guessed.
"No, not really," Arlong denied. He walked over to Luffy, then drove his hand down into the
stone at his feet, yanking Luffy and a chunk of rock three times as big as Luffy out of the
ground and held him over his head. "Sha-hahaha! Why don't we play this game?"
"Hey! Put me down!" Luffy shouted.
"Devil Fruit Users are said to be unable to swim." Arlong stated. "Well, in this situation, even
a normal human wouldn't be able to swim! SHA-HAHAHAHA!"
"Not the ocean!" Zoro exclaimed.
"GUM-GUM… PISTOL!" Luffy shouted as he shot his fist at Arlong's face, only for
Arlong to open his mouth and bite down on Luffy's arm. "GAHHHHHH!"
"Fool…" Arlong taunted.
"Take this!" Luffy retorted, biting Arlong's arm in retaliation.
"Tch… He's finished," Kuroobi observed, as Arlong threw Luffy into the deep bay of Arlong
Park.
"SHA-HAHAHAHA!"

"LUFFY!" Zoro hollered.
"You bastard!" Sanji growled. "I'm coming, Luffy!"
"Wait, you dumbass!" Zoro exclaimed as he grabbed Sanji's arm. "Don't act so rashly! Going
into the sea is exactly what these guys want! There's only one way to rescue Luffy right
now…"
"You mean we've gotta beat these guys to a pulp on land first, then go in the water. Fine by
me."
"So how long can he hold out, huh?" Arlong wondered as he sat off to the side to watch the
fight. "Time is ticking."
"Oh, so that's the game," Hachi realized.
"I get it." Kuroobi commented.
"You can take the fish…" Zoro offered.
"You slice and trim the octopus," Sanji finished.
As they began to face off with Hachi and Kuroobi, I noticed a large number of the fishman
mooks not only stirring, but getting back up, angry as ever.
"Say, Nami, Reiju…" I started. "Looks like you'll get to show off and vent after all. Want me
to help too, or…?"
"Nah, we can handle it." Nami assured, spinning her bo-staff.
"Let's show these fish just who they're dealing with." Reiju smirked, hands already slightly
aglow with poison. The two women rushed into battle.

~BtWwG~​

I waited. I stood and waited for my moment, once the officers were down, so
that everyone could watch as the shark fell. Nami and Reiju's battle had been terribly short.
Reiju's poison rendered the fishmen's strength advantage null (not to mention any other secret

augmentations), and Nami with the Ox Talisman could match any of them blow for blow.
From my senses, it seems Genzo and Nojiko had already started to work on freeing Luffy,
meaning I needed to start soon.
Arlong glanced around him. Sanji had just sent Kuroobi crashing through the wall next to
him, and Zoro had finished battling Hachi, exacerbating his wounds.
"Kuroobi… Hachi…" Arlong called to his men, to no avail. Arlong clearly struggled to keep
his rage in control.
"Small fries will be small fries." Sanji remarked. "Looks like this game is ours for the
taking."
Arlong slowly got up out of his throne and faced the two meddling humans. "YOU!" he
snarled. "How dare you do this to my brothers! You're getting too cocky if you think you've
already won!"
"Hey, what did you mean earlier?" Zoro asked Sanji. "When you said Luffy's half-okay?"
"It means he won't die for the time being." Sanji explained, "I still have to make one more
trip down to the ocean floor. But it looks like this guy isn't about to let me."
"Oh, he will." I intoned, stepping forward and drawing my blade. "The time has come.
You're MINE, 'Sawtooth' Arlong."
"Haaaaah?" Arlong drawled. "You think you can take me, pathetic human?"
"Bitch, I know I can."
"Really? If that's true, then that means you can take a… Water Shot!" He launched a handful
of water at me, the droplets hitting me with all the force of a group of bullets.
"Evan!" Nami cried out in worry.
But I just stood there, and took it. It hurt like a fucker, but the point is it didn't hurt for long,
as the Shroud rapidly healed the wounds. I chuckled, and looked back up at Arlong. "That all
you've got?" I asked.
"The Hell…?"
"My turn… IKKOTSU!" I Shunpo'd forward, and slugged Arlong in the gut. He exploded
back, flying into the same wall from earlier, in a different spot. He crashed into
and through it, out the other side.
"And now, if I remember correctly…" I muttered, quickly disappearing into the ground floor
of Arlong Park building.
"Grrr… damn uppity human…" Arlong growled, crawling back through the hole. "I'll show

you just how inferior you rea-" He was cut off as I threw his sword at his feet, a greatsword
with huge shark-teeth-like blades. "Kiribachi?! Wha-"
"Pick it up." I demanded, Zangetsu pointed at him. "Pick. It. Up. If we're gonna clash, it'll at
least be swords first."
"Sha-ha-ha…" Arlong chuckled, taking hold of Kiribachi. "You're making a mistake, fool.
Your puny toothpick can't possibly hold up against my superior sword!"
My eye twitched at the insult. "'Zat so?" I uttered. "Cleave the Eternal Heavens asunder!
ZANGETSU!" A swipe of the blade, and a burst of energy, and Zangetsu entered Shikai, to
the amazement of all watching. "How do you like my sword now?"
"The Hell? How did you even do that?!"
"Fuck you, that's how." I pointed Zangetsu at Arlong once more. "Shut up and duel me,
nerd."
Arlong glared. "...Tcheh, so just because you've got a fancy power, you think it means a
pathetic human like you stands a chance? Do you know what hopeless difference there is
betwe-"
"Oh my god, shut the fuck up!" I groused. "Is this shit all you ever talk about? 'Ugghh,
Fishmen superior this! Weakling humans that!'. We fucking get it, you have a biological
advantage as a species! So do men when it comes to women, but do you see me over here
preaching misogyny? NO! Now shut up and fight!" I decide to stop fucking around, and
charge Arlong.
He raised Kiribachi to defend against my opening strike, but was shocked to find himself
pushed back by my enhanced strength. I began to open up a series of rapid strikes, keeping
Arlong off-balance and on the backfoot for a time. But Arlong, enraged, recovered and began
pressing the offensive. I traded blows with the bastard for a minute, before Shunpo-ing back,
attempting a new tactic.
"Let's see how you deal with this technique." I stated, dropping Zangetsu and grabbing the
lengthening chain. I started rapidly spinning him. "Shishin (Deadly Darts)!"
I threw Zangetsu directly at Arlong, who barely had time to let his eyes widen before he
dodged to the side. It didn't help, as I changed Zangetsu's direction mid-flight, landing a slash
on Arlong's arm. I drew Zangetsu back, and began throwing him again, and again, and again,
Arlong just barely dodging each time. However, Arlong managed to find an opening, and
came at me with an overhead slash while Zangetsu was extended.
"Bakudo #8: Seki!" An orb of light-blue energy formed on the back of my off-hand, and on
impact, repelled Arlong's attack, and Arlong himself. Sadly, it sent the shark-man into the
water. After a few moments, I reached out to sense his presence. Luckily, he was focused on
me, and not 'Operation: Rescue Luffy', and he moved rapidly towards me.

"Shark-On Darts!" Arlong shot out of the water like a torpedo, coming at me at ridiculous
speed, his nose and Kiribachi ready to pierce and shred me.
"Getsuga Tengo!" That charge, however, was stopped cold by my shield technique. As I
noticed a fountain of water spout into the air, a swipe of my blade launched Arlong back
down to the ground. "And Getsuga Tenshou!" I offhandedly launched the attack, weaker on
purpose, to explode on impact, and send Arlong crashing into his building again.
"How's that for a pathetic human, shitfuck?" I taunted.
"Damn you…" Arlong growled, emerging from the rubble. "I swear I'm gonna-!"
Whatever he was going to do was interrupted by Luffy launching up into the air, finally free
from his makeshift concrete shoes. "I'M BACK!"
"Big Bro Luffy!" Johnny and Yosaku exclaimed.
"Luffy's back!" Nami shouted, while Usopp and the villagers all looked overjoyed. Wait, did
I miss Usopp getting back? Huh, Hachi's missing too. Guess I was locked in. Hell, I still am.
"That rubber brat…" Arlong growled.
"EVAN!" Luffy shouted, stretching his arms down and grabbing my shoulders. "SWITCH
WITH ME!"
"Yeah, how about no!" I countered, gripping Luffy's wrist with my off hand, yanking hard,
slamming Luffy down to the ground next to me. Everyone, even Arlong, looked on in several
degrees of shock.
"Oww!" Luffy complained as he staggered back up to his feet. "Hey, Evaaan! What'd you do
that for?"
"I'm sorry, Captain, but this fight is mine." I stressed.
"What're you talking about?" Luffy asked, as he walked up to me, completely ignoring
Arlong for now.
"I meant what I said," I explained. "Arlong is mine. You want to kick his ass, but I want
more. I want… no, need to break him. So stay out of it."
"But I was going to fight him!" Luffy exclaimed. "He threw me in the water and almost
drowned me!"
I sighed. "Look, how about this. I'll play you for it, if you want?"
"Okay, that's fair," Luffy agreed. "Winner gets to fight the fish-guy."
"If you humans are done wi-" Arlong started.

"STAY OUT OF THIS!" Luffy and I yelled in tandem.
"Ready?" I offered, holding out my hand. Luffy nodded, his opposite hand out.
"JON, KEN, PON!"
Everyone watching, except for Arlong, face-faulted at the way we chose to decide who would
fight Arlong. Arlong himself sweat-dropped, as my paper covered Luffy's predictable rock.
"That settles it, he's mine." I affirmed. "Now step aside, Captain."
"Okay." Luffy pouted. "If you think you can take him." He walked back to join the others on
the sidelines.
"Oh, don't worry. This weakling is going to wish he'd never set foot in East Blue."
"Weakling?!" Arlong balked. "WEAKLING?! I am a fishman, you filthy human! I'm the
mighty one, you're the weak one!"
"Ugh, God save me from this broken record." I heckled. "I know for a fact that you're a
fucking weakling, and I can prove it with one word."
"WHAT FUCKING WORD?!"
"Jinbei."
That one stopped Arlong cold, even got a flinch out of him. "That's right, the man who
sprung you from your cage, is the man you fear most. I've heard of 'Knight of the Sea' Jinbei
before. He's a man of honor, and a good member of the Sun Pirates besides. He'd never stand
for you enslaving humans or anyone else. It's why you put up with a bottom-feeder like
Nezumi, to keep word of your activities from reaching Navy higher-ups, and sit in the East
Blue as the big fish in a small pond. So that he never hears about it. You know what would
happen if he did."
Arlong growled hard. "You know nothing, human. Nothing!"
"You don't deserve to wear the Sun Pirates' mark! You're a disgrace to everything they stood
for! Fisher Tiger is rolling in his grave for what you've done!"
"YOU DON'T GET TO TALK ABOUT BIG BRO TI, YOU-" I cut him off with an air
pressure slash bursting in his face.
"He hated the Celestial Cuntbags the most. Yet you chose to mimic them out of your sheer
hatred!"
"NO! I'm nothing like them, you hear me?! I'm the superior one!!"

"Oh yeah? Let's see…" I began listing off on my fingers. "Immense cruelty to those they
deem as beneath them, treating people as less than dirt, enslaving people as they please…
Hell, your monthly tribute sounds eerily similar to the 'Royal Tribute' they demand from the
affiliated kingdoms. I'd say you're exactly like them!"
Arlong was seething in rage. Forget Kuro, his glare was the one more worthy of being lethal.
"AARHG! You can't talk, you humans are all the same! You hate my kind, and don't pretend
otherwise! You're no better than me!"
I laughed. Humorlessly, but I laughed all the same. "You fool. You think I hate all fishmen
because of this? Oh no. No, no, dear me no. The difference between us? You hate all humans
due to the actions of the Celestial Dickweeds, who I don't even classify as human. More like
walking, talking sacks of shit with delusions of divinity. Me? I don't hate all fishmen, hell
that Hachi fella seemed like a pretty okay guy. No… I just hate YOU."
My fists both clenched hard. "You wanna know what I hate about you the most? It's not the
racism. It's not the indiscriminate murder. It's not the years of undue suffering. It's not even
the goddamn slavery. All of this is condemnable, for sure. But no. It's the mark you've left on
the people here!"
"The mark…?" Arlong puzzled.
I grit my teeth in rage, before letting loose in a rant.
"Before you chucklefucks came along, I'm certain none of the residents of Conomi Islands
had ever even seen a fishman, let alone interact with one! They couldn't hate your people,
they had no opinion on them whatsoever! Then in comes Arlong and his merry band of
fuckwits, killing and enslaving and shit for eight god damned years! Now look, a child whose
father you killed wants to slaughter all fishmen in revenge! You've given these people
a reason to hate! Now all the kids like him will grow up hating your people, then if they have
kids of their own, they'll tell them all about the days when their parents were forced to suffer
by the big, bad fishmen, and could incite those children to go on a crusade to hurt and
kill your people. Because of you! You're perpetuating the cycle of hatred!"
Arlong was briefly shocked, as well as many other onlookers, as I wept, unable to hold back
tears anymore. "You just want cruelty to beget cruelty! You're not 'superior' to people who
were cruel to you! You're just a whole bunch of new cruel people! A whole bunch of new
cruel people, being cruel to some other people, who'll end up being cruel to you!"
I hadn't known at the time, but my rant had actually started affecting the citizens listening.
They would go on to consider my words, and take them to heart, to my great relief.
"The only way…" I finished, wiping my eyes. "The only way for anyone to live in peace… is
if they're prepared to break the cycle…to forgive. But if I know you, you never will." Arlong
just glared, not needing to answer. "Well, that at least is something we share. I can't forgive
you…" In an instant, I Shunpo'd from my former position, directly in front of Arlong, my offhand resting atop his left pectoral.

Atop the Sun Pirates tattoo.
"I told you, you don't deserve to wear this…" I intoned. "So allow me to fix that."
"Wh-What the-?"
"Hado #54: Haien (Abolition Flame)!"
Now, this 50s level kido usually wouldn't work. I'm still getting the hang of the lower level
ones first. Otherwise, this would disintegrate a hole through Arlong's chest completely. But I
knew how the spell worked, and I didn't need to go that far. Thus, a small pulse of purple
energy precluded a searing flame bursting over his left chest.
Arlong reeled back, screaming in pain. He looked down and saw the results of my work. The
Sun Pirates mark was completely eradicated, eclipsed by his new burn scar, one that went
more than deep enough to erase it.
"You… you… YOU!" Arlong looked up, eyes slitted in rage. "I'LL FUCKING KILL YOU,
BASTAAAAARD!!" With that, he lunged forward, bringing Kiribachi overhead and
downward as he did.
I dodge to the side, but Arlong turned and flipped forward, bringing the saw blade overhead
with him. I Flashed to the second floor, and yet Arlong brought the blade up at me,
continuously flipping like a sawblade. I continued to dodge backwards all the way up to the
fifth and final floor, and as Arlong came up at me, I threw myself through the window,
escaping inside. Once I had, I looked around the room I'd entered.
'Huh… looks like fate has some level of autocorrect after all.' I thought, seeing as how I'd
ended up in the same position Luffy would have canonically, in Nami's map room.
"You like the Cartography Room?" Arlong drawled, as he stalked in after me. "These are all
the maps that Nami spent the past eight years drawing. For fishmen, getting data about the
sea is simple. Using that data to draw maps is another matter. You could search the whole
world, and never find maps drawn with this level of accuracy! That girl is a genius."
I noticed the feathered pen on the desk, covered in dried blood. My eye twitched, as a vision
of a crying little girl chained to that desk appeared in my mind.
"There's nothing more tragic than to waste those God-given talents of hers!" he continued.
"For Nami, there is no better happiness than to stay here and keep drawing maps, for the sake
of my ambition! Once we learn all there is to know of the sea from her maps, we'll be
invincible! The world will bear witness to the Arlong Empire!!"
"Bah-hahaha!" I laughed. "Arlong Empire? You're still lying to yourself! You've had Conomi
Islands under your heel for eight years, and nothing else. All because you know Jinbei will
kill you slow for this shit. FACE IT! You've lost! We're kicking you out, and Nami's coming
with us!"

"Damn mouthy human… SO YOU THINK YOU CAN USE HER MORE EFFECTIVELY
THAN I?!"
snap
"You never learn…" I hissed furiously. "Use? USE?!"
My reiatsu slammed into him, so hyper-focused that it could barely be felt outside of this
room. It sent the blue bitchfuck to his knees, gasping for breath.
"SHE IS NOT PROPERTY TO BE OWNED!" I screamed. "NOT A TOOL TO BE USED
AND THROWN AWAY! SHE IS A LIVING, BREATHING, WONDERFUL PERSON! SHE
IS OUR NAKAMA! AND YOU WILL NOT TAKE HER FROM ME!"
I let up, the pressure disappearing, and Arlong pathetically coughed and gasped for breath on
his hands and knees. Meanwhile, I glanced around, and knew what to do next. I stabbed
Zangetsu into the floor, raised my hand, and began to chant.
"Ye lord! Mask of flesh and bone, all creation, flutter of wings, ye who bears the name of
Man! Truth and temperance, upon this sinless wall of dreams unleash but slightly the wrath
of your claws!!"
"The fuck…?" Arlong gasped. "What the fuck are you blithering about now, human?!"
"What's wrong, fuckass? Haven't you heard someone cast a spell before? Hado #33:
Sōkatsui (Blue Fire Crash)!"
It wasn't all that impressive. It would be a while before I reached anything like Byakuya
Kuchiki's version. It was enough. A stream of blue flames streamed from my open palm like
a flamethrower. However, I wasn't aiming for Arlong, but all the highly flammable paper
everywhere around us. I moved my arm about, aiming it like the makeshift flammenwerfer it
had become, ensuring an even burn all around.
"Wha-NO!" Arlong yelled. "STOP THAT! STOOOP!" He got up and came at me again. I
responded by grabbing Nami's desk and yeeting it at him with all my strength. It slammed
into his face, nearly folding in half on impact, then went sailing out the opening in the wall.
The drag pulled a plethora of the burning maps out into the air with it.
"My maps! YOU GODDAMNED SWORD-SLINGING TRASH!" Arlong reared back with
Kiribachi, and I snatched up Zangetsu, and swung it with all my strength too. As the two
blades met, Kiribachi's strength was found wanting, as Zangetsu split it in half, and carved a
new wound in Arlong's torso. He nearly got sent out the hole by sheer force, but caught
himself.
"JUST DIE ALREADY! Shark-On Tooth!" He sprang forward, spinning like a drill, his
shark teeth ready to shred. I Shunpo'd forth to meet him halfway, and unleashed a pictureperfect Sweet Chin Music that would've made Shawn Michaels proud, catching Arlong in the
jaw, and sending him flying up and through the roof.

As Arlong flew up, I Shunpo'd up higher into the air than him, Zangetsu drawn back,
and writhing with reiryoku.
"NOW FALL!" I hollered. "GETSUGA! TEEEENSHOOOU!!" I lashed out, casting forth
the largest version of this attack yet. If Arlong screamed out one last time, it went unheard as
the massive attack slammed into him, and bore him straight down into the pagoda, continuing
until the entire building was cut in twain. From there, the structure could take no more abuse,
and collapsed in a heap.
I dropped back down into the dust cloud, alighting on one of the chunks of roof still intact.
As that dust cloud settled, I noticed off to the side, away from everyone else, what looked
like Nezumi and a couple of Marine escorts scurrying away in fear. Once the dust was gone,
and I was in full view, I raised my fist.
"NAMI!" I called out. "YOU ARE, AND SHALL ALWAYS BE, OUR NAKAMA!
RIGHT?!"
Nami, nearly a sobbing mess by now, raised her fist to match. "THAT'S RIGHT!" she cried.
"YEEEEEAHH!" Luffy exclaimed, along with the rest of the crew's cheers. And that of the
townsfolk.
With this victory, Conomi's eight long years of Hell… finally came to an end.

Chapter End Notes

A/N: *rings dinnerbell* SOUP'S ON! COME AND GETCHA SOME SHARK-FIN
SOUP! But yeah, Arlong is crushed. Did he die? I leave that up to speculation. Next
time, the aftermath!

Chapter 12: Crossroads
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The mandatory Straw Hat Victory Party. The one we had in Orange Town was actually fairly
sedate… well, for a party involving Luffy, anyway. But the Fall of Arlong Park party would
be just as raucous as it should. It would keep us on Conomi for the next three days, but it
didn't actually start until the next day. The rest of the same day was spent letting our crew
recuperate from the battle, and everyone gathering the necessary supplies for the festival that
would occur.
I suggested a great kickoff to said party. I had Nami bring Luffy to help clear out some of the
rubble of Arlong Park, in order to get to the Arlong Pirates' treasury. It didn't
contain every Beri from the islanders for the past eight years, but it was more than enough
return-pay for everyone. Afterward, I had everyone clear out, and cast a
supercharged Getsuga Tatsumaki that, while it burned about half my maximum reiryoku,
shredded what remained of Arlong's precious compound and cast the rubble to the bottom of
the sea, to Nami's great joy.
From there, the party kicked off in earnest. Food was cooked and set out all over the place,
and Sanji didn't even need to make any of it. The blond man instead was flirting with some
very receptive young women of the village. Reiju, likewise, had attention from several of the
village's men and women, and she flirted just as easily as her younger brother. Usopp led the
village in victory songs aplenty, Zoro rested and drank as much as he pleased, and Luffy went
around stuffing his face almost the entire time. When I saw the 'Raw Ham Melon', which was
essentially the Italian appetizer Prosciutto E Melone, I made note of it and made sure to tell
him where it was later. After getting some for myself of course. Good stuff.
My wandering later on took me to a hill overlooking the sea. I knew where I was when I saw
Genzo talking at a grave marker, toasting a drink over it. I respectfully approached.
"Oh, it's you." Genzo said, turning and noticing me.
"Hey, Genzo." I greeted. "So… this is Bell-mere's grave?"
"Yeah… wanted to share a drink with her once more." Genzo took a swig from the bottle he
still held in his hands, then looked out over the ocean. "Listen, kid. Nami is going to be
sailing off with you. It will be a dangerous voyage, I'm sure." His shoulders squared up and
he stood to his full height. "But if you do anything to make her unhappy, I will kill you."
"I understand." I replied, grinning. "But I'm pretty sure you'll never get the chance."
"Oh? How'dya figure?"
"Cause Nami will have got me long before you could even think about it."

"Hahahahah!" Genzo laughed. "I suppose you're right!
I approached the grave myself. I saw the pinwheel that used to reside in Genzo's hat, now
spinning slowly in its new place upon the marker. The grave of a loving mother that had
given everything for the sake of her daughters, to ensure their future and happiness.
"Belle-mere…" I said to the marker. "I might have never met you… but you raised an
incredibly violent, but amazing young woman. You'd be proud of her. Nojiko too. Now that
Arlong's gone, I'm gonna do everything within my power to ensure Nami draws the atlas of
her dreams. Depend on it."
I almost turned to leave the grave. But I stood stock still as I saw something impossible.
Right in front of the grave, stood the spectral form of Bell-mere herself, giving me a wink
and a grin. Then, in the next blink, nothing. I stood there trying to process what I just saw.
'Zangetsuuu…?' I thought, hoping maybe the zanpakuto spirit had an explanation.
'Don't ask me. I'm not entirely sure how this world's afterlife system works.'
I decided to leave and not question it after all. That way lies too much madness.
I returned to the party, and decided to partake of some drinks with Zoro. Sanji would've likely
joined us, but I'm pretty sure I saw him getting led away somewhere by Nojiko. I started to
suspect that my powers had amped my constitution, as while I started to slow down, I wasn't
feeling all that buzzed even with all the alcohol I'd been downing.
"I'd better not have some kind of immunity to this shit now." I grumbled. "I might need the
inebriation later on our journey."
Zoro chuckled. "Hey, don't worry. I'll find a way to get you nice and drunk, just you wait!"
"Maybe another night, Zoro." Nami interjected, striding up to us. "I need to borrow this guy
for a while, okay?"
"Sure, sure. Have fun." Zoro waved off. I got up, and proceeded to follow Nami's lead, all the
way to her house.
"Alright then, Nami." I began, closing the door behind me. "What exactly do you
neeeeeeed…." I trailed off, as Nami reached down and began pulling her shirt up and over
her head, revealing a rather lovely orange brassiere.
I froze, still as a statue, as I attempted to reboot my train of thought. "Uhm… Nami… Just
what are you…?"
"Just needed that out of the way." she replied, reaching for the bandages around her arm. "I
got it done yesterday as soon as I could. I wanted you to be the first to see it." The bandages
dropped to reveal the new tattoo that covered up her old Arlong mark. A stylized pinwheel

with a mikan on the topmost one. "So, what do you think?"
I gave a big thumbs up. "I love it. So much better than the old one."
"I know, right?"
I raised an eyebrow. "Still, did you actually have to take off your shirt to show me that?"
"Ohh~?" Nami's eyes went half-lidded, and she posed with her arm across her torso. "Are
you saying you don't like what you see?"
I looked to the side, scratching my cheek and blushing. "Well, I never said anything like that.
Just not sure what warranted such preferential treatment."
Nami sighed. "Men really do miss all the hints women give them, don't they?"
"Well, that's why women should be more up-front and such, some hints are interpreted as just
'being nice', so-" I paused. "Wait, what do you mean hin-"
My words, not to mention my thought processes, ground to a halt as Nami brought my lips to
hers, kissing me. As she pulled away, she giggled at the gobsmacked look upon my face,
induced by my brain short-circuiting.
"You're right. That did get the point across better."
I sputtered for a moment, then shook my head to focus. "S-so… ah, what brought this on?"
"Seriously?" Nami scoffed. "You've done more for me than most anyone I've met, giving me
more means to earn money, the power to stand up and fight for myself, and even played a key
role in putting an end to mine and my village's nightmare. After all that, is it really that
surprising that I'm falling in love with you?"
"I… you… r-really? I mean… when you put it like that… it makes a lot of sense."
"Well, duh. I figured you felt the same, after all. And I quote, 'She is not property to be
owned. Not a tool to be used and thrown away. She is a living, breathing, wonderful person.
She is our nakama. And you will not take her from me.' Me, not us."
I blushed harder. "A-Ahahaha… everyone heard that, huh? That's embarrassing." It was all
making sense, really. Still, I never thought I'd ever have a chance with someone as great as
Nami. I never had this as a goal in mind to begin with. I jumped as Nami got right up in my
face.
"Well?" Nami demanded. "Was I wrong?"
"I-I… no." I admitted. "You're absolutely right. Forget how incredibly beautiful you are,
you're smart as a whip, brave, and compassionate too. You have your issues, like your money
obsession, but that's not exactly your fault. Even still, I love everything about you Nami.

You're incredible."
Nami grinned, blushing deeply, and grabbed me for another kiss, one which I properly
returned. After she pulled away so we could breathe, she got a mischievous look on her face.
"Well, now that that's settled…" She pushed me, and I stumbled back till I fell down onto… a
bed? 'Wait a minute…' Just then, Nami crawled right on top of me.
"Um, Nami… not that I'm complaining, mind, but are you sure about this? I mean, it seems a
bit like we're moving a little fast."
"Normally, I'd agree. But first, like most of the other Conomi girls, I'm feeling a
little… frisky. Hell, I know I saw Nojiko drag Sanji off somewhere. But second… while I
plan to live for as long as possible, I'm aware that our lifestyle is going to be a dangerous one,
and we could lose our lives sooner than expected. So why not go all-in while I can?"
"A pirate's life: a short life, but a merry one." I grinned.
"Hehe! Sounds about right." She leaned down. "Now, got any more objections, mister?"
"No, Ma'am."
"Perfect." She began making out with me again, as I proceeded to reach for her brassiere
clasp.

~BtWwG~​

'DAMN.'
I thought this to myself for the nth time since I woke up the morning after that night. I still
struggled to believe it was real sometimes. After Nojiko caught us in bed together and woke
us up, Nami and I talked, and decided that while we were now dating, we'd deal with it as we
went, the pirate life not really leaving much opportunity for typical dating practices.
"Hey, what's up with you?" Zoro asked, as we all got things ready on the Merry to get
underway. He grinned. "So, you ended up having fun that night after all?"
I pointedly looked away. "Wouldn't you like to know, moss-for-brains."

Zoro chuckled. "The Love Cook is gonna go ballistic, for sure. Still, not exactly sure what
you see in the witch, but good for you, I suppose."
"Hey, not all of us can be sword-sexual, Zoro."
"Say that again…"
"You heard me!"
Any further arguing was put on hold, as the Bounty Bros came to say their goodbyes.
"We must now return to our jobs as bounty hunters." Yosaku stated. "So thank you for all
your help until now."
"Though we must say farewell…" Johnny followed. "May we meet once again somewhere
else in the future."
"I see, take care then!" Luffy waved.
"Good luck to you both!" I called out.
"The same to you, my brothers."
"Where the hell is Nami, anyways?" Usopp wondered, looking about.
"Maybe she's not coming after all?" Zoro offered.
"EHHH?!" Sanji yelled. "IS NAMI REALLY NOT COMING?!" His freakout was
interrupted by Reiju clapping her hand atop his head.
"Relax, little brother." she assured, tussling his hair. "I'm sure she's just running late."
"Reiju…" he groused, pushing her hand away, her giggling in response.
"SET SAIL!" came a loud shout. We all looked to see Nami running through town toward the
port at full speed.
"She's running over here?" Usopp wondered. "What do we do?"
"She said to set sail." Luffy stated. "So, I guess we should set sail.
"Aye-Aye, Cap'n." I nodded.
"Don't tell me… she's going to leave without giving us a chance to thank her or say
goodbye?!" Genzo exclaimed as Nami sprinted closer.
The main sail of the Going Merry was dropped and the anchor pulled up, the ship slowly
began to pull away from the dock.

"Nami, stop!" a villager called out. "At least let us thank you for all you've done!"
"Hold it, Nami!" Genzo bellowed. "I can't allow you to leave this way!"
"You sure it's okay, to let her leave like this?" Sanji asked Luffy.
"It's her goodbye, so it's up to her." Luffy replied.
"Nami!" the villagers cried out, as Nami darted and weaved through the crowd, dodging
everyone as they tried to hold her back. Nami reached the dock and blew right passed Nojiko
and Dr. Nako, then lunged from the dock and landed on the railing of the Going Merry.
"Sooo?" I drawled. "How'd you make out?"
Nami jumped off of the railing and landed on the deck of the Going Merry, then raised her
shirt up to about chest level, causing a huge assortment of wallets to drop down onto the
deck.
"Like a bandit." Nami grinned cattily. "As usual."
"Niiiiice."
"Hey, my wallet's gone!" / "Mine's gone too!" / "Same here!"
"Take care, everyone!" Nami called out to the crowd, flashing one of the bills she'd pilfered.
"Why you…" Genzo growled.
"YOU ROTTEN LITTLE THIEF!"
"She still hasn't changed a bit." Usopp muttered.
"Is she gonna betray us again?" Zoro wondered.
"Way to go, Nami!" Sanji cheered. Luffy and Reiju just laughed.
"You thieving cat!" / "Come back here!" / "Give us back our wallets!"
Soon, their jeers and shouts turned to well wishes. "You take care now!" / "Come back
anytime, ya hear?!" / "Thank you again!"
"Hey, kids!" Genzo called out. "Don't either of you forget about our promise!"
Luffy and I shared a look, then we gave Genzo a thumbs up.
"GOODBYE, EVERYONE!" Nami shouted to the villagers, "I'LL BE OFF NOW!"

~BtWwG~​

Some time after we embarked, we were visited by a News Coo bearing the papers for the day.
"Another price increase?" Nami complained. "Don't you think it's getting a bit too
expensive?"
The News Coo squawked, shrugging their shoulders… wings?
"Raise the price again, and I won't be buying your papers anymore." Nami reluctantly slotted
the payment into the News Coo's bag.
"Give the bird a break, Nami." I spoke up. "You wanna blame someone, blame 'Big News'
Morgans. He's the decision-maker there. Plus, if it really bothers you, I'll cover the paper
costs."
"Besides," Usopp added. "Don't we have over a Hundred Million in the hold thanks to your
stash?" Nami had intended to leave her 100 mil behind like she would've canonically, despite
the islanders splitting the generous amount from Arlong's vault. But the villagers expected
that, and secretly loaded her money onboard before she ran out to join us. "So it's a drop in
the bucket, right?"
"Daily expenses start adding up, you know." Nami replied. "I may not need to save up money
anymore, but now I'm doing it for me."
"Alright, alright." Usopp waved her away. "Now, I'm trying to develop a new killer star, so
stay clear! I'm using mega-spicy materials here!" He held up a bottle and went to carefully
pour the red contents into the shot, "Anyone who gets this in their eyes will be rendered
completely helpl-"
"KEEP YOUR HANDS OFF!"
And that was when a ballistic Luffy crashed into him, Usopp's tabasco splashing right into his
unfortunately goggleless eyes.
"Oh, come on!" Luffy yelled. "Can't I have at least one?" Behind him, Usopp screamed in
agony as fire shot out of his eyes.

"Absolutely not!" Sanji denied. "These are Nami's beloved mikan trees! I won't allow anyone
to lay even a single finger on them! Nami, rest assured, my defense powered by love is
infallible!"
"Thanks a lot, Sanji!" Nami waved.
"Oh well." Luffy shrugged. "I'm in a good mood, so I'll drop it then."
Reiju giggled, as she began helping Usopp get the irritant out of his eyes. "This crew is just
as fun as I thought it would be. Never a dull moment."
"Well, that's odd." Nami observed, looking over the papers. "'East Blue Island Gets Massive
New Defender.' Apparently, a long-necked sea monster has been taken in by the people of
Firaaku Island, adopted as both pet and protector."
"Wait, seriously?!" I exclaimed, rushing to her side, confirming what I suspected. "I knew it!
That's Plesiosaur!"
"You know it?"
"Yeah, he worked for that morganeer, Ganzack, for some reason. I beat him and his crew,
then I defeated Plesiosaur. I tried to tell him to do exactly this, but he ignored it out of pride
before. Looks like he listened after all!" I looked upon the picture taken, seeing Plesiosaur
bowing to the islanders, a scar where I struck him, and the Ganzack Pirates' jolly roger on his
helmet painted over.
"I guess he respected your strength over his former boss, then." Nami grinned.
And that was when Nami flipped a page and a bunch of papers fell onto the deck. Nami
picked them up, and blanched at what she saw. "AHHHH?!" That woke Zoro from his nap,
and got the rest of the crew's attention.
Luffy began laughing his head off after he saw it, and showed it to the rest of us "Looks like
I'm a Wanted Man now!" He held his wanted poster, which showed a picture of him grinning
his fool head off, and read, 'Straw Hat' Monkey D. Luffy: ฿30,000,000.
"Hell, looks like you're not the only one." I breathed, grabbing another bounty poster from
the bunch on the deck. Several seemed familiar, but this one stood out. Because it was mine.
'Butcher Blade' Seidler D. Evan: ฿25,000,000. It had a picture of me in my victory pose,
atop the ruin of Arlong's tower.
I took a moment to ponder, because me getting this bounty was probably inevitable, after my
threatening of Nezumi, and then kicking Arlong's shit in. Still, I wonder how Luffy could still
be at 30 mil… no, I think I see it. It was made clear he's our Captain, and if an absolute unit
like me was serving him, he must be more dangerous. Not terribly inaccurate, all told.

"Once again, you splendidly fail to understand the gravity of the situation." Nami groused,
facepalming. "Don't you realize this means your life is at risk?! With these bounties, I'm sure
that Navy HQ, and all sorts of strong bounty hunters, will be coming after you…"
"Nami, sweetie…" I spoke. "We're pirates. Our lives are at risk by default. Hell, you said so
yourself."
"I knoooow. But, the real strong and scary bastards are gonna come after us now! That's what
I wanted to avoid."
I gave her a look. "I think we both know Luffy well enough by now. This was inevitable,
especially after we messed with Nezumi."
Nami groaned in response. I put my arm over her shoulder in a hug. "Don't worry. We're a
crew. We'll look out for each other no matter what."
She smiled that brilliant smile at me, and nodded. I couldn't help myself, and planted a kiss
on her.
"HUUUUUUUUUH?!?!"
I flinched in realization. "Ahh, shit." I got my arm up in time to cast a silent Seki, which was
weakened as a result, and merely stopped the incoming kick from snapping my arm.
"The hell do ya think you're doing, shitty cleaver?!" Sanji raged. "Who gave you permission
to kiss Nami like that, huh?!"
"That would be me, Sanji." Nami snapped. "What exactly is your deal?"
Sanji's fury deflated somewhat at that. "Eh? B-but why would you do that, Nami-swan?"
"Because they're dating now, swirly. What else?" Zoro stated, smirking.
With that, Sanji seemed to almost collapse. "Tha-that… b-but I… you…" He zeroed in on me
again. He grabbed me by my shirt. "What did you do, then, huh? You take advantage of her
somehow? Some kind of-"
"Sanji." Oh dear. Nami was looking at the chef with what I can best describe as an 'Unohana
Smile'. "Evan has done me no wrong. Taking him as my man was my choice. If you decide
not to respect that… I think I might start to hate you."
This time, Sanji did collapse, coughing up blood in the process. "U-U-Understood, Nami
dear. If it makes you happy, I'll accept it." I saw Zoro in the background, shaking with
suppressed laughter at the scene.
"Good! Now then… this bounty business means we can't afford to loiter around in East Blue
any longer." Meanwhile, Reiju went and picked up her foolish little brother with a sigh.

"Alright then! Let's start making our way to the Grand Line!" Luffy exclaimed.
"Aye, Captain!" I replied. "This next leg of our journey is gonna be awesome!"

~BtWwG~​

"Fuuuuuuuuuuuuu-hu-huck." I groaned, as I lay in one of the small beds in the women's
quarters offered to me, feeling as if my brain was attempting to either ram its way out of my
skull, or straight up implode. It varied over the past number of hours.
We'd been traveling the East Blue for a few days since the day we departed Conomi, but
today, after I'd woken up, it felt like my very brain was attempting to commit sudoku. I tried
the Phial, and the potion did jack shit; and I was already wearing the Shroud when it started.
Meaning whatever this was, I needed to let it run its course.
"Hey, Evan?" Nami called, coming into the room. "You doing any better?"
I grimaced. "Seeing you will always make me feel better."
"Flatterer." She shook her head. "Anyway, we just came across an island, and Luffy wants to
explore it. I thought I'd check to see if you felt better and wanted to come along."
An island? Before Loguetown? Odd. Maybe it's the Island of Rare Animals that Gaimon is
on. We didn't run into it earlier, so maybe it's popping up now? Eh, not quite my tempo, and I
still feel like a giant is squeezing my brain.
"Nah, I'll just stay here, and sleep off this bullshit migraine. You all go have fun, don't let me
stop you."
"Alright, if you're sure. Reiju offered to stay behind just in case, though." Nami gave a
cheeky grin. "Juust don't go letting her make out with you again, 'kay?"
I returned the grin. "Hey, she already got a kiss outta me. Watch out, cause she's coming
for you next."
Oddly, Nami seemed to blush at that. "Shut up and get better already, idiot. See you later."
With that, she left me to my misery.

I spent several minutes attempting to get to sleep, so I can be unconscious for this pain. Hell,
maybe I should've asked Sanji to knock me out via applied boot-to-the-head. I failed
spectacularly of course. Y'know, it'd be just my luck if this was some kind of tumor, or a
blood clot, or whatever, and it was about to kill me. If that's the case, then whatever
extradimensional bullshittery sent me here better give me a refund. Scratch that, an extra life.
No way in Hell, Avernus, and Oblivion am I gonna accept leaving this world, or my friends,
or Nami. No matter how much this fuckass headache/migraine MAKES ME WANT TOI froze. As if a switch had been flipped, the pain had stopped all at once. That… was not how
this shit worked. Unless this world has an illness that does exactly this. I wouldn't be
surprised.
My musings were interrupted as a familiar holographic screen spawning out of thin air.

Congratulations, chosen! A brand-new update to your Gacha System has finished
applying. We apologise for any discomfort experienced during the process.

…you've gotta be kidding me. I went through several hours of head-splitting agony, all
because of a cosmic systems update?! This shit better have been worth it. I looked at the text
that followed.
Thanks to the changes applied, you can now use your saved rolls differently. First, you
can now bank up to a max of five (5) re-rolls to be used when you roll. However, if you
so choose, instead of rolling one D20 multiple times to obtain a favored result, you can
instead roll multiple D20s once, to obtain a sort of 'multiple choice' result. To
compensate for the inconvenience, your reroll count has been boosted to maximum.
Enjoy!
…
…worth it. Absolutely worth it.

ping

You have earned an Item Roll!​
1. UNSC Scorpion-class MBT (Halo)​

2. DARPA Rounds & High-Power Rifle (Sniper:Ghost Warrior - Contracts)
3. Arthur Weasley's Ford Anglia (Harry Potter)​
4. The Dark Lord's Power Armor (Doom)​
5. Selune's Spear of Night (DnD)​
6. Pain Breaker (Fate)​
7. Rat Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
8. Jewel of Atlantis (Disney's Atlantis)​
9. Doujutsu; Rinnegan (Naruto)​
10. Spellbreaker (Elder Scrolls)​
11. Silver Slippers (Wizard of Oz)​
12. Sheep Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
13. Force Edge/Sparda (Devil May Cry)​
14. Dragon Blade (Naruto)​
15. Avenger (XCOM 2)​
16. Observation Haki, Intermediate (One Piece)​
17. Hand of Midas (Disney's Aladdin)​
18. Travel Lantern (DC)​
19. Bubble Shield (Halo)​
20. Charmed Tent (Harry Potter)​

Not a bad lineup of items, I suppose. I decided to save some rerolls for later, and called 4
D20s to my hand, the base roll plus three rerolls. I tossed em on the floor and watched them
all roll to a stop. I got 2, 10, 17, and 20

DARPA Rounds & High-Power Rifle (Sniper:Ghost Warrior - Contracts)
The masked mercenary known only as 'Seeker' employed many weapons and gadgets,
much of it high-tech. But none so advanced as the DARPA rounds. These self-guided
bullets essentially seek out the target that was placed in the crosshairs, ignoring
conditions like bullet drop and wind resistance. This gives you three magazines of
DARPA Rounds, that fit into a special high-powered sniper rifle.​

Ooh, that's nice. Still, I've already got a rifle I don't really use much, and Usopp was already
iffy about the bow, so I'm certain he wouldn't want it. Next.

Spellbreaker (Elder Scrolls)

One of the Artifacts of Peryite, Daedric Prince of Pestilence, Contamination, Tasks, and
Natural Order (not Jyggalag's 'perfect' order), this shield was said to have been forged
(possibly by Peryite himself) for the Dwemer King Rourken, who wielded it in battle
against the Archmage Shalidor. It projects a barrier-ward that absorbs any magic used
against it. It probably works on other kinds of energy too. Probably…​
Nice, another Daedric Artifact. Possibly really useful, but I don't really think I'd use it with
Zangetsu, especially when he already has a shield technique.

Hand of Midas (Disney's Aladdin)
The hidden artifact sought after by Aladdin's father Cassim, the King of Thieves, as
well as his treacherous subordinate Sa'Luk. It is a golden hand that holds the ability to,
with but a touch, turn anything to gold. Anything… and anyone. Beware, as this item is
extremely dangerous to everyone, even its wielder. Actually… isn't the myth of Midas of
Greek origin, rather than Arabic? Odd…​

Yes, very odd. Also, not happening. Maybe Nami might be happy with it, but the chaos of our
crew makes having it way too risky. Last one.

Charmed Tent (Harry Potter)
One summer, Harry was lucky enough to leave the Dursley home early, in order to join
the Weasleys and co. to see the Quidditch World Cup. When they arrived, they set up a
tent that was normal sized outside, but enchanted to have what amounts to a small
house on the inside. This is that same tent. To account for a lack of the correct magic, a
pair of special codewords will be provided to magically deploy and pack the tent.​

Ah, now that could be very useful. The most useful of the four options, now that I think about
it. Fuck it, I'm at a severe level of 'done' after my migraine episode. I'm just gonna take the
tent and be done with it. Three D20s vanish, and the 4th turns into a compact tent bundle,
with a note atop it that says 'codewords'. I picked it up, and gave it a look, instantly frowning
upon seeing the deploy codeword.

"'Erect'." I said dryly. "Something sure has a sense of fucking humor. Fuck this, I'm gonna
catch a nap. If I'm needed, someone will let me know." I lay back down on the bed, and turn
over. But as I'm about to get some shuteye, a vaguely familiar tone begins ringing.
"Ugh, great, nobody around to pick up the phone when you nee-" I blanched.
I know that goddamned ringtone.
Slowly, I turned and looked at the corner of the room the tone was coming from. Sure
enough, sitting on the bar, was a yellow 2000's era satellite phone. THE satellite phone. The
fact that it was here at all was enough to simulate the dread behind the original. Despite that,
I got up and walked over to the phone. After a moment's hesitation, I picked it up, and
answered it.
"Who's this?"
"Is that how you answer the phone?" came the reply. The voice's gender was
indistinguishable, but I got the impression of a massive, shit-eating grin. "Seems to me you
might be none too trusting!"
"Cut the shit!" I spat. "I know what this satellite phone is from, and not just from beyond this
world. You have to be some kinda Random Omnipotent Being, right?"
The voice let out an ominous chuckle. "Very sharp, buddy! Yes, indeed, I am… 'some
kind of' R.O.B. It's nice to meet you, Seidler D. Evan, but it's an absolute honor to meet
me! Fufufufu!"
"Lovely. So, what do I owe the… I'm gonna be generous and say 'pleasure'?"
"Oh, this and that. Juuust needed to get in touch with you to make
one minor adjustment. I'm willing to allow for changes to my unexpected masterpiece,
especially with the kind of chaos you and your power can bring, but there are limits!
Also, I figured I'd give you a quick heads-up!"
"Okay, what kind of 'heads-up?"
"You're a Doctor Who fan, right? Well, in that case, all I need to say is… Yana. So, that
being said, I've got some shit to do. Smell ya later!"
"Wha-wait a minute! Your 'masterpiece'? 'Adjustment'? What does that all mean?!"
Click
…bastard hung up on me. Fuck it, I'll deal with it later. Now then, he said 'Yana', so what
does that…
OH.

Doctor Who. YANA. 'You Are Not Alone'.
Does that mean… there's another native of Earth here?! That's incredible! Hopefully they're
another One Piece fan. Two heads are better than one, after all, so we can plan for future
events all the better.
For now, maybe I should"HEEEEY!!" Came the voice of Luffy shouting outside. "EVAN, REIJU! COME OUT, WE
GOT SOMEONE YOU GOTTA MEET!"
Go see what that's about, I suppose. I climbed up the steps and into the storeroom, then left
through the door. Reiju was at the side of the ship, and noticed me emerge.
"Oh, Evan!" she greeted. "You're feeling better?"
"Very much." I replied. "Turns out it was just complications with my special power, nothing
to worry about anymore."
"Oh, good. Seems the crew found someone interesting on this island for us to meet."
"Yeah, this guy's joining our crew too!" Luffy confirmed on the shore.
"Really?" I sighed, coming to the railing. "Geez, you'd almost think Luffy had a habit of
picking up strays with how often…"
I trailed off. I saw who was accompanying my crewmates. I recognized who was
accompanying my crewmates. The young man himself wasn't all that outstanding at first
glance, a mess of blond hair, wearing a camo-print t-shirt, and a dark jacket tied around his
waist, and a set of headphones around his neck.
What really made it click… was the wild Transponder Snail on his shoulder. Dark-ish grey
skin color… and a black and white checkerboard pattern shell.
I was looking at the dynamic duo of Jeremiah Cross and Soundbite.

Chapter End Notes

Surpriiiiise~ THAT would be why I called this a 'recursive crossover'.
stillnotsurethat'sthecorrectterm.exe
I have gotten reviews about things being too same-y with This Bites, but worry not! It is
not one-for-one all the way through. There is a goodly amount of content I bring in

myself. Heh, just wait till Drum and Alabasta. Some of my favorite bits.
LLaP

Chapter 13: The Past is Prologue (Town)
Some time later, after introductions were made, and Cross had been fed, and suffered the
wrath of the biscuit, I whispered a message to Soundbite to have us meet in the storeroom.
So, after he'd spoken with Sanji about dietary stuff, he came in and shut the door behind him.
"Of all the things that could fuck with your digestion…" I started, smirking wryly. "It
just had to be the delicious biscuit. You have my sympathies."
"Yeah, yeah." Cross grumbled. "So… you and I are both-?"
"Hold it!" I interrupted suddenly. "Let me test something." I grabbed my tent bundle, and set
it in an appropriate space, and pointed at it. "Erect." In moments, the tent magically pitched
itself, just as the instructions said.
Cross blinked in stunned silence for a moment, then snorted. "You have a magic tent, and the
magic word to pitch it is 'erect'?"
"Now that's just hilarious!" Soundbite cackled.
"Someone thinks so, cause I didn't actually pick it." I replied. "Time to actually test this." I
walked into the tent, and beheld the beautiful interior for a moment. "Hey, Cross! You're a
dick!" I waited for a while, and heard no reply, so I poked my head out. "Either of you hear
me in there?"
"Nope / Nada!"
Cross looked over at his partner in surprise. "Not even you?"
Soundbite 'shrugged'. "I don't GET IT either."
"Magic Bullshit occasionally trumps Devil Fruit Bullshit, I suppose." I offered with a shrug.
"Now get in, so we aren't overheard."
Cross followed me in, and paused in his stride when he saw the interior. "...this is the tent
from Goblet of Fire, isn't it?"
"Well spotted, you. I can explain that and more, but yeah, the very same."
"So you are from home!" Cross exclaimed. "Did you get unceremoniously dropped here by
that bastard too?!"
"...not quite." I muttered. "I was sent here as some kind of cosmic compensation because I
died before my time."

"...oh. That's… really awful, actually."
"My deepest condolences." Soundbite spoke, surprisingly serious.
"Thanks. I've been getting over it the past month or two. Though these oceans seem to have a
shortage of therapists..."
"At any rate, how in the hell do you have the wizard tent from Harry Potter?" Cross asked.
"Some kind of Devil Fruit Power?"
"Aha, no. It's actually a power I got as part of my 'resurrection package'."
I gave an abridged explanation of my Gacha System, and all the artifacts I had acquired thus
far. I also added in all the changes I'd ended up making when I joined the Straw Hats' journey.
Cross stood there gobsmacked, and Soundbite… just sat there, actually.
"Well…" Cross whistled in approval. "Your power is kinda busted, that's for sure. And geez,
you sure have been busy, haven't you?" Cross shook his head. "Hell, I bet Nami is extraappreciative of you for personally destroying Arlong."
"Eheheh, yeah… real appreciative." I said, scratching the back of my head with a blush.
"His heartbeat just picked UP." Soundbite stated. Dammit, snail.
Cross looked confused for a moment, then his eyes widened. "Hold on… are you saying that,
you and Nami…?"
"Yeah." I admitted. "We've started dating. We're kinda making it up as we go along, for now."
"Dude, congrats! Pfffft, how did Sanji take the news?"
"Not too well, but Nami shut down his meltdown pretty damn quick."
Suddenly, a thought occurred. Soundbite's powers let him hear near everything within a given
radius. Everything…
I blanched. 'Fuck, now I'm really glad I picked this tent, if it's soundproofed against even
Soundbite. That woulda been awkward.'
"Uh, you okay, dude?" Cross asked.
'Shit! Change the subject! Something to explain my panic!'
"So, did you know that you guys have a fanfic back home that tells of your adventures with
the crew?!"
"Wait. What? Wait, what?! A fanfic?!"

"Yeah, I'm not sure if it's written by a future you, or a B.R.O.B. facsimile of you, or whatever.
Multiverse shenanigans, best not to think about it too hard."
"Uh… huh." Cross looked a little gobsmacked at the moment. "Sooo… did it get popular?"
"Very. It's honestly one of my favorites of all time. It's finished part one, and now it's on
pause. Just waiting for the manga to end, so their writing doesn't clash with canon too much."
"So… that means it reached Marineford… a-and Ace…?"
"..." I attempt to say something, and fail. "I…" My face falls in horror. "I don't remember…"
"HUH?!"
"What do you mean you don't remember?!" Cross exclaimed.
"I don't know! I remember up to the talk with Sanji you just had, then nothing! I can't-"
Wait a moment… 'adjustment'...
My face screwed up in rage. "MOTHER. FUCKER."
"You come up with something?"
I reached into my pocket, and tossed him the 'smoking gun'. "Recognize that?"
Cross looked the phone over, as its ringtone sounded out once. "It's… the Satellite Phone
from Jurassic Park 3?"
"Yeah. Just before you showed up with the crew, it appeared, and I had a conversation with
who I'm now realizing… was B.R.O.B."
Cross' expression went severe. "Oh…"
"That shitass! That's what-all he meant. He didn't want me making too many major changes
to the story, his 'unexpected masterpiece'. He snatched up my memories of your story during
the call! That's a decade of storytelling, lost from memory! God Dammit!"
"A… a decade…?!"
'Shit.' "Yeeeah, you left home in 2015 or so. I left in 2025. Before you even ask, the world as
a whole has lost its McFucking marbles. No, I will not elaborate. It's that bad."
"Yikes. But, no, I mean, your memories of the manga stretch on beyond the end of Dressrosa,
right?"
I tried to concentrate. "Aaargh, it's there, but it's fuzzy as hell! B.R.O.B. must've messed them
up when he took my memories of 'This Bites'. Fuck, I'm surprised he didn't take those too." I

grumbled.
"Um, 'This Bites'?"
"Yeah, that's the title of your story."
Cross slowly looked at the grinning snail on his shoulder. "Gee, I wonder why." Soundbite
just cackled at him. "Well, I suppose you can explain Reiju, then?"
"Half-explain. She shouldn't actually be here, she should be with the rest of their jackass
family in Germa. Judge let Sanji go cause he saw him as a failure, but not so much with
Reiju. I honestly don't know why he never came after her."
"Ah… well, if it hasn't happened by now, it probably never will!" Cross said, attempting
optimism. "Let's just… take five. This is all a bit much at once."
"Agreed. We'll reconvene at a later date, when we get a chance."
The two… er, three of us, exited the tent, and I stored it with a command of 'Reducio'. He left
to the lounge, and I went to the bow-deck, in order to meditate. I concentrated, trying to get a
hold of my memories of the manga. Truth be told, it's been a while since I'd seen most of it. I
found that some key info was still in place, but a lot of what I remember was still scrambled.
It would take some time to parse it all back into place, but it would be crucial to our future
that it be done as soon as humanly possible.
"Luffy, Usopp, Zoro, Evan!" Cross' voice rang out like the voice of God Himself, breaking
my meditation and making me jump hard.
"Sweet mother of shit!" I yelped.
"Nami wants to tell us something. Get your asses in the meeting room, now. Over and
out."
I saw Luffy and Usopp scrambling toward the lounge, Zoro right behind them in far less of a
rush. I Shunpo'd over and joined them as they burst in.
"Hey, Cross, was that you just now?" Luffy asked eagerly.
"Yeah, and that damn snail?" Usopp snarled, shoving his face near Soundbite without getting
close enough to bite.
Cross sighed and rolled his eyes. "What did he do now?"
"Your voice came out of the toilet!"
I snorted and tried to hold back my laughter, as did Cross. "A-Alright, that's weird, but you've
gotta admit, that does sound pretty damn funny."

"While I was using it?!"
"Soundbite!" Cross scowled at the snail.
"Clean-up on AISLE THREE!" he cackled. I was right there with him, because it
was still funny.
"You'd better have cleaned up!" Nami growled, making Usopp shrink back with a whimper
of terror.
Soundbite laughed and made a flurry of whipcracks sounds... until a familiar shaking sound
came from behind him, prompting him to slowly look behind him, eyes wide in naked terror.
Sanji smiled darkly, holding a salt shaker. "Oh, don't mind me, just contemplating what to
make Nami-swan for dinner." He gave it another shake for emphasis.
Soundbite let out a yelp of terror, and jerked back into his shell.
Cross gave Sanji a look as he put the shivering gastropod back on his shoulder. "Thanks for
shutting him up, but to reiterate, if you ever fry him, I'll fry you, capiche?"
Sanji rolled his eyes. "That all depends on him."
Soundbite popped his eyes out, glaring at the cook. "Screw you."
Nami raised her hand and spoke up. "Ah, excuse me, but..." She pointed at Soundbite. "It
never came up before... but what exactly is the range of Soundbite's power?"
Cross shrugged. "I've never been that good with distance, and we never got anything concrete
on the island, but... I'd say maybe somewhere like a quarter of a mile? He can hear anything
in that range easily, and with a little effort he can cause sounds anywhere within it as well.
Worst thing he gets from it is a sore throat, and considering how he's a transponder snail,
even just a baby transponder, I doubt there's much risk of that."
"NOPE NOPE NOPE!" Soundbite crowed eagerly.
Nami blinked, staring at Soundbite in shock. "That's... actually incredibly useful. I mean, you
just called the whole ship together in seconds without even moving. I can name a dozen
different crews that would kill for something like that. Not to mention—!"
"The eavesdropping potential?" Cross asked with a raised eyebrow. "Yeah, I already thought
of that. I'm actually going to try and get him kitted out with proper transponder gear as soon
as I can. With any luck, it could really boost his powers."
"We can rebuild him. We have the technology!" Soundbite concurred eagerly.
Nami pondered this before turning to our captain. "Hey Luffy... why not make Cross and
Soundbite our communications officers?"

Luffy blinked and tilted his head in confusion. "Eh? What's that?"
"I believe that's the person or people in charge of helping the entire crew communicate with
one another." I guessed.
"Exactly." Nami nodded in agreement.
"Seems a bit redundant, considering how there's only eight of us." Zoro scoffed.
"OI!"
"Fine, nine, sheesh. My point still stands, though."
"Yeah, nine of us now, maybe." Nami started. "But as our captain demonstrated recently…"
Nami pointed out Cross and Luffy. "We're liable to pick up more crewmates in the future.
Plus, with Soundbite's volume, he could get messages out to everyone when things are really
loud, like during a battle or a storm. Easier than trying to shout over the wind, at any rate.
And of course, transponder snails are really useful for keeping everyone connected... hm...
now that I think about it..." Nami bowed her head in thought for a second before snapping
back to the moment. "A-Anyways, a comms officer would be really useful."
Cross shrugged in agreement. "I'm all for it if you'll have me, captain."
Luffy tilted his head in thought for a few seconds before grinning enthusiastically. "Alright!
Sounds good! From now on, Cross will be our ship's Commie!"
It took all of my willpower not to bust a gut, and keep a straight face. Soundbite, on the other
hand, had no such compunctions, laughing as loud and as hard as he could.
Usopp stared at Soundbite in confusion. "Uh... does he have a reason to be laughing like an
idiot?" His expression darkened instantly. "Beyond just being a slimy little shit, I mean."
Soundbite responded by blowing a raspberry at the sniper.
"Inside joke that I will take to my grave." Cross ground out.
"Shishishishi!" Luffy chuckled as he scratched the back of his head. "Well, you'll be doing
whatever it is that a Commie does, alright Cross?"
"Da, kapitan…" Cross grumbled mutinously as Soundbite's laughter redoubled.
"As momentous as this is," Zoro drawled. "Was there a reason that you called us all
together?"
Nami jerked as her train of thought was brought back on track. "Oh, right! I wanted to talk to
you guys about the next island we're going to."

Cross perked up instantly. "I think I can guess," he whispered reverently. "It's one of the main
reasons I decided to come down to the East Blue in the first place."
The navigator smiled and nodded in agreement. "Not surprising. It's a popular town known
the world over." She met each of our gazes in turn. "It's the last island we'll set foot on in the
East Blue. Logue Town. The town of the Beginning and the End."
Most of us stiffened immediately, likely from the thrill of excitement and adventure, while
Luffy merely looked confused.
Reiju caught our Captain's confusion, and explained. "It's called that because it's the town
where Gold Roger, the King of the Pirates, was born... and executed."
That prompted Luffy to sit up, his expression blank for a second before turning solemn.
"It'll be our last chance to resupply before entering the Grand Line." Nami smiled. "So... what
do you say, captain? Want to go there?"
The fire that lit in Luffy's eyes was answer enough.

~BtWwG~​

"Hooooly shit..." Cross breathed in awe as he took in the view. "This place is huge!"
Too right. The best descriptor for the Town of the Beginning and the End was
fricking massive. It reminded me of the Italian city of Florence, or Firenze, as it were.
Everything looked pristine, too.
"So the Great Pirate Era all began from here, huh…?" Sanji whistled in awe.
Luffy huffed and nodded with determination. "Okay, then! I'm gonna go see the execution
stand!"
"Seems like I can get some good ingredients and food here." Sanji mused to himself.
"I'll take care of supplies and daily necessities." Reiju offered, likely suspecting (correctly)
that Sanji's focus would be split between food and women, forgetting all other things. "A
town this large should have everything that we could need before we sail to the Grand Line."

"I'm… probably just gonna look around, and try to keep out of trouble." I admitted.
"And I'll see if I can find some equipment to buy!" Usopp added.
Zoro cast a sidelong glance at Nami. "There's something I want to buy too, but…"
Nami grinned at the swordsman. "I'll happily lend you some money..." Her smile became
downright vicious. "At 300% interest, that is."
Zoro growled and ground his teeth in aggravation. "Damn witch..."
"Hey, hey!" I interrupted, a hand on Nami's shoulder. "No scamming crewmates, Nami. Scam
enemies and jerkbags, there's way more of them anyway."
"Aw, c'mon!" Nami waved off. "It's just a little loan."
"Namiiii…"
She scowled. "Hey, it's my money, I'll loan it at whatever interest rate I want!"
"Tch, fine then." I crossed my arms. "I'll just gift him my own money instead."
Nami pouted angrily. Then, she looked like she got an idea, and smirked at me knowingly.
"How about this? You let me loan to him at 100% interest, and you don't pay it back for him,
then…"
She leaned in close, and whispered something into my ear. A thrill traveled up my spine at
the thought, and I caved instantly. "Done deal."
"Wha-seriously?!" Zoro blurted out.
"Sorry, Zoro. Priorities. It'll all work out." I replied quickly. Nami tittered in victory.
Cross sighed and patted the swordsman on the shoulder comfortingly. "Look on the bright
side," he started. "I'm as broke as you, and seeing how I need a new wardrobe-"
"PEE-yew!" Soundbite confirmed.
"And he needs a Transponder Snail rig, I need cash. Hence, we're both going to be in the
hole."
"Oh, how comforting."
"Actually, about that..." Nami turned and tossed rolls of cash at Zoro and Cross, the
Commie's roll being bigger. "Zoro, you've got one hundred thousand beri to buy your swords.
Cross, three hundred."

The whole crew reeled in shock, even me.
"Nami, would you care to explain yourself?" I asked. "Most people don't usually
spend that much on clothes. Plus, this bout of generosity is so unlike you."
"Oh, hush you. Cross, I'll be buying your clothes," she gave the snail-carrying man a quick
look up and down. "Dark colors, grays and blacks primarily, heavy jackets and cargo pants?"
Cross blinked at the accuracy. "Uh... I'm also partial to brown and white, and I like hoods and
pockets. Plain or camo patterns are preferable, but... wait, why would you-?"
"Two reasons. First," Nami primly held up a finger. "You're a man, and as such your fashion
taste can be summarized as being questionable, at best."
Cross winced. "Harsh but fair... on second thought, true. Very true."
"Ha, yeah, she got me on that front too!" I laughed.
"And second," she held up a second finger before pointing at the cash, "That's not for you,
that's for me. You're already going somewhere where I want to make some purchases, so
you're going to buy them for me while you're there."
Cross took a moment to wonder what she meant, before he figured it out. "You want me to
buy Transponder Snails for you?!" he blurted.
"WHAT?!" Soundbite roared in over a dozen furious voices, glaring and snarling at Nami.
"Oh, calm down!" Nami scolded, rapping her fist on the snail's head. "We're not replacing
you or anything, that's impossible considering your Devil Fruit powers. No, it's just... it's just
in case, alright? So that the crew can stay connected even when we're spread out over an
island." She refocused on me. "I want you to buy some Baby Transponder Snails, enough for
the whole crew. You'll be taking care of them, feeding them, making sure they're healthy...
that sound alright with you, Captain?"
She got no response and turned to address him. "Luf-WHERE THE HELL IS LUFFY?!" she
shrieked in outrage, seeing the rubber-man had vanished.
Zoro jerked his thumb up the street. "He ran off that way a minute ago."
Nami growled furiously as she stared after him, her face slowly flushing with anger.
"That... stupid-!"
"Hey!" Cross interjected. "I'll go after him! Make sure that he's safe and that he keeps out of
trouble! Who knows, I might even run into the Transponder Snail shop on the way! That
sound good to you?"
Thankfully, our navigator managed to slowly calm herself down. "That's... that's... fine. Fine!
Go! Catch up to him!" She swung her arms out. "Go, all of you! We'll meet back at the Merry

by sundown. Just do me a favor and keep out of trouble, alright?"
"No promISES!" Soundbite crowed as he ran off on Luffy's trail.
"I WILL EAT YOU ONE DAY, YOU LITTLE SLUG!" Nami roared in reply.
"Easy, Nami." I comforted. "Just go enjoy trying on some outfits while you're out, okay?"
Nami sighed. "Alright. Just make sure you really stay out of trouble, got it, Mister Wanted
Man?"
"I'll certainly do my best. Knowing our luck, I'll trip over a black cat, right in front of the
local Marine Commander." I joked, flipping up my hood.
"That's exactly what I'm afraid of!" Nami called, as she went on her way, the rest of us
splitting up likewise.
I found myself wandering for a while, not finding anything of any real interest. I did get a
good look at the local equivalent of the Santa Maria del Fiore Cathedral, so that was nice, at
least.
'Hey, Zangetsu.' I thought. 'I don't suppose I could ask you something?'
"You know you can, Evan. What troubles you?"
'I've been wondering when and how to break the news to the crew about my true origins and
knowledge. But now, with Cross here, it throws everything off. Especially since it feels like
I'm more a passenger on his tale. I wish I could remember when and how it happens, but…
what do you think?'
"Hmm… I'm afraid I don't have much insight for you on this. All I can say is that you'll
be able to tell them, when you feel the time is right. No sooner, nor later. My apologies
for not being of more help."
'Nah, that's alright. I just hope they take it well. Especially Nami, all things considered.'
"If I've gauged your friends correctly, I'm fairly certain they will.
I momentarily considered going to find the Gold Roger Bar, and chat with the old bartender.
However, I wasn't even sure if that was canon or filler, so I decided against it. As I found
myself wandering in the direction that I figured the execution stand was in, I passed by
Captain Smoker on patrol, likely looking for Luffy. Suddenly, after I passed him, I sensed
something coming at me, and turned in time to see a billow of smoke pass by like a strong
breeze, blowing my hood off.
"So, it was you then, 'Butcher Blade' Evan." Smoker growled, charging at me, jitte ready to
strike. I drew Zangetsu, and blocked the incoming blow.

"The hell?" I grunted. "How did you even find me out?!"
"I didn't," he admitted. "I just got a feeling when I saw you, even though you seemed
completely ordinary at first glance."
'The fuck kind of explanation is that?! This cloak should have Noble Phantasm fiat! Ugh,
forget it…' I leaped back, breaking the lock.
"You sure we can't talk about this?" I asked. "My crew and I haven't actually done any typical
piracy, so-"
"I've reached my capacity for conversation today. Damn overly-philosophical kid…"
I cocked an eyebrow. "Well, whatever that means… prepare yourself for this next technique,
if you can!" I placed my off-hand on the ground. "Bakudo #21: Sekienton!"
A large cloud of red smoke burst from the point of contact, and quickly engulfed the area,
hiding me from view.
"Better luck next time, Smokestack! Bah-hahahaha!" I laughed, putting my hood back up and
going full-invisibility. I then jumped to the rooftops to watch the ensuing chaos. Smoker
helped clear my diversion, then went ballistic at my disappearance, having several men begin
scouring the streets.
"Geez, I can't believe I fucking called it." I muttered. "...better not tell Nami about this, it'll
just cause unnecessary stress. And she'll have enough of that as it is."

~BtWwG~​

"Well, this is turning out to be harder than I thought..." Cross grumbled over the shared crew
broadcast Soundbite had up. He had contacted and connected us all, and now everyone was
searching for Luffy, myself calmly crossing rooftops.
"Turns out my job's not so easy, is it now?" Nami asked innocently.
"You're supposed to be able to guide all of us anywhere at any time, Nami." Cross groused. "I
think that renders your argument a little invalid."

"HEY! Don't talk to Nami-swan like that!" Sanji yelled at him.
"Ack! Volume control, jackass!"
"Nice work, Soundbite. Your dinner'll be gourmet tonight!"
"Thank youuu!" The gastropod sang enthusiastically.
"Heheheh, so much for 'honor amongst thieves', eh Cross?" I chuckled.
"Yeah, no kidding..."
"Alright, enough. Cross, still no luck finding Luffy?" Zoro asked gruffly.
Cross tsked. "None. Either he's being as quiet as a churchmouse-"
"HA! / HA!" Nami and I barked in unison.
"-my thoughts exactly- or, more likely, he's somewhere so loud that he's being drowned out
and Soundbite can't pick him out. Still, it's Luffy, so he should be at the execution scaffold's
plaza..." He paused for a second before giving a chuckle. "Though knowing him he'll
probably be on the scaffold."
"That does seem like our Captain, doesn't it?" Reiju agreed.
I stopped my own forward momentum, having reached the plaza in question.
"Hey, guys." I spoke up. "I found him, and you're absolutely right, he's on the scaffold. But
it's not just him.
"Dare I even ask?" Usopp worried.
"Buggy the Clown is back."
A moment of silence. Then...
"Crap." Zoro summarized succinctly.
"Everyone doubletime it to the plaza! Now!" Nami ordered, a tone of panic entering her
voice.
Minutes later, and most of the crew had gathered on the outermost edges of the plaza, a huge
crowd assembled directly next to us.
"Hey, guys!" Cross wheezed, skidding to a stop next to us.
Zoro gave him a flat look "You need some serious cardio."

"I'll- hoo- get right on that..." he groaned back. "So- huff- how's Luffy?"
I pointed him in the direction of the tall wooden tower that loomed over the masses, so he
could see both the prone and the flashy figures at the top of the structure.
"Honestly, I really should have seen that coming." Cross deadpanned
"Yup." We nodded in solemn agreement.
Sanji sighed and lit a cigarette, eyeing the situation. "Cross, Nami, Usopp, Reiju. Take the
supplies back to the Merry; Zoro, Evan and I will get our captain out of there."
Cross glanced at our crewmates before firmly shaking his head. "No way. I'm staying here to
help."
Nami looked at him in bewilderment. "No offense to you, Cross, but how could
you possibly help them fight? I've seen you naked-"
"Don't remind me..." he grumbled, blushing.
"- and you have just about no muscle mass. You'd be dead in no time!"
"Maybe if I actually fought," Cross corrected. He looked at the crowd before pointing out
three civilians spread out at random. "Distract."
Soundbite immediately latched his gaze on to the civilians and grinned mischievously, before
appearing to speak without actually making a sound.
Almost instantly, the civvies jumped a foot in the air, then spun around, looking for the
source of what they heard. One of them turned and punched another square in the jaw, a
furious look on his face, before being tackled by the third. Within seconds, the three were
locked in a brawl that threatened to spread to the rest of the crowd.
"Well, that's certainly effective." I commented.
Cross turned a look upon the snail, who was cackling like a witch. "I said 'distract', not 'let
slip the dogs of war'-"
Soundbite's laughter redoubled, but I think only we could hear it, as nobody else reacted.
"- but I think I've proved my point." He looked Sanji, Zoro and I dead in the eyes. "I know I
can't really fight, but I can provide support. I could possibly help from a distance with
Soundbite's range… but I don't want that. I am a Straw Hat Pirate, and that-!" He pointed at
the platform. "- is my Captain. The future King of the Pirates, about to die where his
predecessor did." He had a tinge of desperation in his expression. "This is my first chance to
contribute to the crew. Don't take this from me. Please. Let. Me. Help."

Soundbite glanced at our crewmates for a second before nodding once, firmly and silently.
"Hey, they've got my vote." I shrugged.
The rest of the crew stared in silent shock before slowly glancing at one another, something
unspoken passing between them.
Finally, Zoro and Sanji nodded. "Be ready to run." Sanji ordered.
Cross nodded in understanding, before looking up at the platform. "Mind if I offer some
advice?"
"What's that?" Zoro shrugged, grabbing his bandanna and tying it over his head.
"Don't charge in right away. We're lucky, that Buggy guy looks and sounds like he loves the
sound of his own voice. He'll keep monologuing for a while, so long as he's not interrupted.
Get as close as you can and charge him when it seems like he's winding up for the finale. I'll
get Soundbite to start sowing chaos once the fighting kicks off."
We three frontliners shared a look, before shrugging and nodding.
"Sounds like a plan," Zoro grunted, clicking his swords back into their sheathes.
Sanji pointed at the others. "You guys are still going back, no debate."
"No argument there!" Usopp swallowed heavily, as he rebalanced the bluefin tuna he was
carrying. Reiju nodded, securing her pack of supplies.
Nami hefted her sack of clothes. "Get him out and then get out. We need to get out to sea
before the storm really hits."
"We will." Cross affirmed. "Don't worry, I'll keep you up to date." He absently handed her the
bag with the transponder snails. "We all know what to do. Let's grab our captain and get the
heck off this rock."
And with that, we split, Nami, Reiju and Usopp pelted down the street towards the coast,
Zoro and Sanji slipped into the crowd with some degree of subtlety, while I pulled up No
Face May King, and started sneaking around unnoticed, leaving Cross to do his own thing.
"For the crime of angering me, I sentence you, Monkey D. Luffy, to a flashy execution!"
Buggy bellowed. "Let's cause a flashy ruckus, boys!" His crew let out cheers in response,
firing their guns in the air like morons.
"Wow, this is the first time I've seen an execution." Luffy stated, my hearing just about
picking it up.
"You're the one who's being executed here!!" Buggy screamed.

"WHAT?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!"
"NO, YOU STOP KIDDING AROUND!!"
I sighed. Fuckin idiots. I scanned the outside edge of the plaza, and managed to see where the
good ol' boys of the Navy were waiting to strike as well. Hope they're ready for a show. I
think I also saw Cross conversing with… is that Bartolomeo?! Ooh, already agitating the
waters, then, is he?
"I'm sorry, please let me live." Luffy 'pleaded' in a deadpan tone.
"AS IF I'D JUST LET YOU GO, YOU IDIOT!" Buggy exploded.
"Hmph… this is only natural for all those who defy us." Cabaji spoke up nearby.
"Has the man I so admired finally met his end?" Alvida wondered.
"Any last words?" Buggy crooned. "Might as well make the most out of this large crowd. Eh,
whatever. Whether you have any last words or not, it ain't like anybody will care for what
you have to s-"
"HEY! LISTEN!"
I joined the rest of the crowd and jumped in shock when Luffy's voice suddenly bellowed out.
"I AM THE MAN!" he roared, his voice full of confidence and determination. "WHO WILL
BE KING OF THE PIRATES!"
There it was again. Every time he made that declaration. This High STR, High CHA, Low
INT, Low WIS build of a dumbass didn't just state his intentions. It's like he stated a straightup fact.
"Is that all you have to say…" Buggy hissed, raising his blade high. "...YOU RUBBER
BRAT?!"
"Don't even think about it!" Zoro and Sanji called in unison, finally springing into action.
"Sanji, Zoro!" Luffy smiled. "Help me out here!"
"So, you've come for your captain, eh?" Buggy taunted. "But it seems you're too late!"
"Take care of 'em, boys!" Alvida ordered.
"AS YOU COMMAND, LADY ALVIDA!" The throng of circus mooks surged toward the
chef/swordsman team. The twosome managed to blow through them easily, but they were
still slowed down enough.
"GYAHAHAHAHA!" Buggy cackled. "JUST WATCH CAREFULLY FROM THERE!

WITNESS THE LAST MOMENTS OF YOUR CAPTAIN!"
I didn't intervene, since I remembered the moment that would save Luffy's life. I did not,
however, bank fully on that happening 1 to 1. I stood at the ready, Zangetsu drawn, prepared
to instantly Shunpo in the way.
"ZORO!" Luffy roared. "SANJI! REIJU! NAMI! EVAN! USOPP! CROSS! SOUNDBITE!"
Dread threatened to consume me as Luffy smiled openly and without remorse, not a care in
the world as Buggy's sword came down on his neck.
"Sorry," he grinned. "But it looks like I'm dead."
"NO!" Zoro cried out.
"DON'T TALK CRAZY!" Sanji demanded.
"LUFFY!" I screamed in spite of it all, my feet a hair's breadth from leaving the pavement.
Then suddenly, and without warning, the sky seemed to split open in a flash of light.
Moments later, I was shaken to the core by a crack and a rumble loud enough to mimic the
island itself splitting open. When my vision and hearing returned, the platform was burning
itself down.
"Cross, what just happened?!" Usopp called over our crewspeak.
"I... ah…" Cross stammered. "A... a bolt of lightning... it... The platform... It struck the
platform! Lightning struck the platform!"
There was a moment of shocked silence before Usopp finally spoke. "That's... that's less
surprising than it should be..."
"And what about Luffy?!" Nami demanded. "Is he alright?!"
"Well, considering that our Captain is made of rubber…" Reiju offered.
I watched as Luffy picked his hat up off the ground, and replaced it on his head, the charred,
twitching form of Buggy nearby. "Hey, I'm alive! That's nice!"
I sighed in relief. "Yeah, he's just fine."
The rest of the crew likewise expressed their relief.
"I knew that idiot wouldn't die that easy…" Nami spoke. "Alright, grab him and get to the
Merry as fast as you can! Let's get the heck out of Logue Town!"
"I couldn't agree with you more!" Cross affirmed. "See you soon, over and out!"
"Surround the town square!" came the order from a Marine-in-charge. "Corner all the

pirates!"
"Luffy, time to am-scray!" I called, turning and bolting, the rubber-man hot on my heels. We
passed right next to Cross and an absolutely thunderstruck (heh) Bartolomeo.
"SHAKE A LEG, CROSS!" Sanji ordered.
"WOO HOO! THEY'RE PISSED!" Luffy cackled madly.
Cross laughed at the sheer insanity of this situation, which I couldn't help but join in on, and
gave a farewell salute to Bartolomeo. "Happy trails, partner!" And with that, the lot of us
continued to bolt down the road.
"Who was that you were talking to?" Zoro asked.
Before he could respond, Soundbite suddenly started crying out Bartolomeo's voice. "Hey!
Wait! Guy! Wait up!"
"I can hear you, buddy, my snail wasn't just for show," Cross reassured him.
"Y-You're with your captain, right? Straw Hat Luffy? C-Can I talk to him?"
He blinked in surprise, before shrugging and offering Soundbite to Luffy. "It's for you."
Luffy looked at Soundbite in surprise. "Hello? Who're you?"
"M-M-My name is Bartolomeo! S-Straw Hat Luffy! T-The reason you're so awesome, the
reason you were able to smile at death... i-is it because you're a pirate?!"
Luffy stared at the blubbering transponder snail for a moment before grinning that D-shaped
smile. "Of course! After all, pirates are the free-est people on the sea! That means being able
to go on incredible adventures and keep smiling no matter what happens! We're
nothing other than awesome!"
Soundbite sniffed and choked for a second in awe before finally speaking. "S-So... if... if I
became a p-p-pirate... c-could I be as awesome as you?!"
Luffy's grin somehow widened even further, as he nodded enthusiastically. "Definitely!"
Bartolomeo hesitated for a second, a mere second before crying eagerly. "T-Then I'm gonna
do it! I'm gonna get a ship! I'm gonna get a crew! I'm going out to the sea! To the Grand
Line! I'm gonna become a pirate! One as great and awesome a-a-and incredible as you are!
I, BARTOLOMEO OF LOGUE TOWN, AM GONNA BE A PIRATE!"
"Shishishi!" Luffy laughed. "Sounds awesome!"
"Don't just half-ass it though, you hear?" Cross cut in hastily. "Get a real crew, get
a real ship! When you go out to sea, you do it with every intention of being the best pirate

you can be! You hear me, Bartolomeo?"
"Y-Yeah, yeah, I hear you! I'll do it! I'll do it right! Wait for me, alright, Straw Hat Luffy?
Wait for me! W-W-We're gonna meet again! We'll meet again... IN THE GRAND LINE!"
"Shishishi! Alright! Looking forward to it! Good luck, Barty!" Luffy chortled animatedly.
"Until we see you again, buddy!" Cross finished. And with that, Soundbite cut the
connection, his tears disappearing in favor of his usual smirk.
"Hey Luffy, sounds like you have a fan!" Sanji laughed.
"I know, right? That's so awesome!" Luffy snickered in agreement.
"What the heck did you say to him, anyways?" Zoro asked.
Cross shrugged helplessly, grinning as he put Soundbite back on his shoulder, flipping up his
jacket's hood against the rain. "Hell if I know! I was just confident that Luffy would get out
of there! Must have been infectious, huh?"
Sanji tsked as he cast a grin at Luffy. "Yeah, his crazy is a bit infectious, isn't it?"
"Like hell it is!" I argued, smiling like crazy. "It's a downright pandemic!"
"Well, we're already lost causes!" Cross concurred. "Let's get back to the ship before this
storm grounds us!"
"ENOUGH TALKING!" Luffy snickered. "JUST KEEP RUNNING!"
"Aye-aye, Captain!"
We continued sprinting forwards, with little-to-no sense of direction, and Marines nipping at
our heels… until we were cut off by a woman standing in the road ahead of us.
"Who is this beauty?" Sanji asked eagerly.
"Roronoa Zoro..." The woman growled darkly as she glared daggers at us. "You never told
me you were a pirate! You lied to me, you bastard!"
Sanji's mood immediately flipped as he snarled at Zoro, seconds away from pounding him.
"What the hell did you do to that girl, you damned moss-head?!"
"Sounds like somebody was busy during shore-leave!" Cross snickered. Soundbite laughed as
he wolf-whistled in agreement.
"Zoro, you dog!" I added for good measure.
Zoro ignored us all as he stepped forwards, staring at Tashigi flatly. "You never asked me

what my name was, so I never lied to you. It's as simple as that."
Tashigi didn't even remotely accept that answer, snarling as she drew her sword. "I'm going to
take the Wado Ichimonji from you, and make sure it never falls into the hands of a pirate
again!" And with that, she leapt forwards at us...
And was met blade-first by Zoro, who stared her down frigidly. "Go on ahead," he grunted.
"Okay!" Luffy nodded as he ran past.
"Good luck!" Cross waved as he followed.
"FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT!" Soundbite crowed.
"If you hurt one hair on her head I'll kick your ass, mosshead!" Sanji raged as he
just barely managed to restrain himself and follow us.
"You think he'll be alright?" Cross asked Luffy
"Of course!" Luffy grinned. "After all, it's Zoro!"
"Fair 'nuff!"
And with that, we kept running for all we were worth. The rain was pouring down on us in
buckets, the wind was almost like a corporeal wall for how strong it was, but we soldiered on.
Soon, we reached the harbor's arch, and it looked like we were home free. Until we caught
sight of who was standing beneath the arch.
"Oh great, him again." I complained.
"Another one?" Sanji questioned.
"Straw Hat Luffy..." Captain Smoker growled, glaring at us as we came to a stop. "I already
told you you couldn't make it to the Grand Line without beating me, didn't I?"
Luffy blinked in confusion before donning his usual grin. "Oh yeah, I forgot!" he chuckled.
Smoker narrowed his eyes at us as he took a menacing step forwards. "You're really stupid,
you know that?"
Cross chuckled miserably and scratched the side of his head. "Tell me about it..."
"I mean, he has his moments." I offered.
Smoker turned his attention to me. "Butcher Blade. You really think you can escape me
again?"
"I'll 'escape you' all day long, Smokestack, just you frickin watch me…"

Luffy's grin darkened with brutal eagerness as he reached up and clutched his hat. "Sanji,
Evan, Cross, Soundbite. You guys go on ahead. I'll deal with this guy!"
Before any of us could even try to protest or agree, Smoker cut in. "What the hell makes you
think I'll let any of you get away!?" he demanded, his arms billowing out into pillars of
smoke and grabbing Luffy and I before we could react, leaving us struggling midair.
'Shit!' I panicked. 'Really need to keep my guard up better!'
"Damn it!" Sanji cursed, dashing forwards and launching a kick at Smoker's face. "Bastard!"
Sadly, the kick whiffed straight through Smoker's head, causing him to glare at the cook
imperiously. "I've got no time for small fry. White Stomp!" That was all the warning Sanji
received before he was pummeled into a building by a boot of smoke. He likewise slammed
me into a building on the opposite side of the street.
"Sanji, Evan! Why you…!" Luffy howled, ripping an arm free and launching it at Smoker.
"Gum-Gum Pistol!"
Smoker dissipated around the blow, reforming behind Luffy while he also grasped his hatcovered head. "Are you really worth 30 million Beri?" he scoffed. Before Luffy could react,
he was slammed face-first into the pavement, with Smoker sitting cross-legged on his back.
"I'd sooner believe your friend Butcher Blade was worth that much, rather than you," Smoker
growled, reaching for the jitte on his back. "Hmph, looks like your luck's come to an end."
"Oh, I don't know..."
Smoker froze as Cross pressed a Tactical Baton against the underside of his throat, casting a
shaky grin at him. "He seems like he's still a pretty damn lucky bastard to me."
Smoker turned a murderous glare on him, causing Cross to hesitate slightly. "Do you really
think that this will stop me?" he intoned darkly.
Cross shrugged, and tilted his head at Soundbite. "Depends. Do you think you're fast enough
to dodge a blast of pure sound, capable of vaporizing stone?"
Soundbite snickered in agreement, his teeth bared in a menacing smirk. Considering how
new they were, it was doubtlessly a bluff, but if I remember correctly (and sadly I can't), he
might actually be capable of that in the future!
"You lied to me," Smoker stated. "You said that none of your crew was wanted."
"In my defense, I've never really seen any wanted posters," Cross retorted, glancing down at
Luffy. "You're worth 30 million, captain? That's pretty awesome!"
"Th'nks!" Luffy muttered out around the stone.

I shunpo'd next to them, Zangetsu's edge against the back of Smoker's neck. "And I'm right
behind him at 25." I added. "At least somebody in this cruel, cruel world wants me…"
"You mean, besides Nami?" Cross smirked.
"Shut up!" Smoker snarled, before glaring at Cross again. "This? This is who you're pinning
everything on? You're pinning your hopes and dreams on this... this kid?"
"That 'kid'," he shot back. "As you call him, was just saved by a legitimate miracle. He is
incredible and I... I believe in his dream, I believe in it every step of the way. He is going to
go on and do awe-inspiring things... and if it means getting to see those things, being able to
march with him, step by step, every inch of the way?" Cross grinned as widely as he could.
"Then yeah. Yeah, I'll bet it all on him. Because I genuinely believe in Monkey D. Luffy
becoming King of the Pirates. And nothing you or anyone in the whole wide world says will
convince me otherwise."
"Well, shit. Took the words clean outta my mouth, Cross." I nodded eagerly.
"Awww, th'nks g'ys!" Luffy mumbled out.
Smoker's response was far less heartwarming, as he narrowed his eyes and took hold of the
handle of his jitte. "You bet wrong, kid. This is the end of the line. For all of you!"
"Actually..."
The world seemed to freeze as a hand came out of nowhere, grabbing the handle as well.
We stared up at the massive, cloaked figure that hadn't been standing behind Smoker a
moment ago, and I know that because I didn't sense his presence till now, the familiar grin
and tattoo on his face.
"I believe this is only just the starting line." Monkey D. Dragon stated, with all the calm of an
impending storm.
"Holy crap..." Cross uttered.
"Mother of Goat…" I mumbled.
"Hey! Wh't's going on!?" Luffy struggled under Smoker's grip. "Wh's that!?"
"You..." Smoker growled up at the Revolutionary, his cold sweat mixing in with the rain.
"The entire World Government is after your head, you know."
Dragon's grin only widened in response. "The world awaits our answer…!"
Before anyone could so much as think to respond, the world turned to raging wind, bellowing
in fury as it tore at the world around us and turned everything into pure chaos. Seriously, just

what the fuck kind of Devil Fruit does that man have?! When it ended, we were on our asses,
in the harbor, trying to clamber to our feet. Zoro was with us too.
"Soundbite...?" Cross groaned.
"SPIN cycle SUCKS!" he spat out from inside his shell, still clutching his shoulder.
"Got that right." I agreed.
"Hey, Cross!" Usopp cried as he appeared and helped the blond man to his feet. "You
alright?"
He gave the sniper a shaky grin. "Bruised and battered, but I think I'll live." He frowned. "But
where's the Merry?!"
Usopp groaned and pointed out to sea, toward a sail bobbing halfway to the horizon. "Out
there. I don't know how we'll reach it now..."
"I do!" Luffy's voice rang out. "Brace yourselves, guys! Gum-Gum…!"
"This is gonna suck..." Cross and I groaned.
"ROCKET!"
One brief trip on the Rubberman Express later, and the lot of us were laid out on the Merry's
deck, groaning in varying degrees of pain from impact.
"Oooowww..." Cross whined.
"Well, that was fun..." Zoro concurred with a wheeze of pain.
"Hey, Cross..." Sanji managed to bite out. "Did you manage to see what did all this?"
He and Soundbite opened their mouths... then shared a look, and snapped them shut.
"Sanji..." he breathed. "You wouldn't believe me even if I told you."
"Eeeeeyup!" Soundbite nodded in agreement.
"You're here!" Nami laughed in relief as she helped us up. "Come on, we need to get moving!
We've got a tailwind; we need to get out of here before the Marines manage to catch up to
us!"
And with that, we scrambled to man the lines, working the whipstaff and sails furiously in
order to fight against the elements and force them to work for us, instead of against. It was a
struggle, but eventually we managed to stabilize things.
"Hey, look!" Nami announced. "There's a light!"

And she was right. Just ahead was a stone tower with a revolving light atop, chasing away the
darkness of the storm. "You mean that lighthouse!?" Usopp asked.
Nami grinned and nodded. "Yeah... It's known as the 'Light of Guidance'. Beyond that light...
is the entrance to the Grand Line! So!" She smiled at us all eagerly, seemingly drunk on the
moment. "What now?"
"Do we have to do this in the middle of a storm!?" Usopp whimpered.
"Aw, c'mon, Usopp!" Cross teased. "Where's your sense of adventure!?"
"I think it fell overboard and drowned a mile back!"
"SCAREDY CAT!"
"OH QUIET, YOU!"
Nevertheless, we all smiled eagerly at Nami and nodded, ready to take the next leg on our
journey.
"Okay! I say we do something to mark the occasion!" Sanji nodded in determination, lugging
a barrel out of the Merry's storeroom and setting it up on deck.
Usopp eyed the skies nervously before swallowing his fear and nodding in agreement. "Rright!"
"I'm in!" Luffy whooped.
"Let's do it!" Nami concurred.
Zoro, Reiju and I didn't say anything, but our eager grins were more than enough to answer.
"Hell yes!" Cross laughed.
"WOOHOO!" Soundbite hollered.
And so, Sanji raised his leg and placed it on top of the barrel. "I'm going to the Grand Line...
to find the All Blue!" He announced.
"I'm going to be King of the Pirates!"
"I'm going to be the World's Strongest Swordsman!"
"I'm going to write the greatest adventure ever told!"
"I'll draw a map of the world!"
"I'm going to help build the most amazing family ever!"

"I-I-I'm going to become... A BRAVE WARRIOR OF THE SEAS!"
Cross hesitated but soon raised his foot and landed it on the barrel with the rest of us. "I'm
going to travel the seas!" he declared. "And I'm going to see everything this cruel,
crazy, beautiful world has to offer!"
"DITTO!" Soundbite roared in agreement.
Finally, Luffy grinned and raised his leg high, prompting us all to follow along. "And now!"
he announced. "TO THE GRAND LINE!"
We brought our feet down on the barrel in time with a crack of thunder. Now our crew's
journey well and truly began.

Chapter 14: Falling In Reverse (Mountain)
"OH NO! NAMI! THE LIGHT'S GONE OUT!" Luffy shouted from his precarious position
atop Merry's figurehead. Made even more precarious by the fact that he was currently upsidedown. Inadvisable seating choices aside, he was right. Sadly, the 'Light of Guidance' we were
following did not stay on very long.
"It's a lighthouse, Luffy!" Cross called out, assisting in fighting with the Merry's lines. "They
can't keep it going all the time, especially not in this kind of weather."
Personally, I think that a low-visibility storm would be the best time for a lighthouse to be
active. There are probably other factors I don't see, though.
"Don't worry," Nami reassured, glancing over the map in her hands, trying to perceive
something, anything through the deluge. "That's why I'm here, isn't it? I can get us into the
Grand Line, guaranteed."
"If you can find your way through this, then I'd say you're more witch than expert!" Cross
offered.
"Har har, very funny."
"Shishishi! Wow, you're impressive." Luffy stated, twisting himself back around to face
Nami.
"Of course. Now get down, will you?"
"No way! You're not getting my special seat!"
I barked a singular laugh. "I think you're the only one who wants to use that as a seat, Cap!"
"Hell, I wouldn't sit there even if you paid me!" Cross laughed. "I'm wet enough as is, I don't
want to fall into the ocean on top of that."
"Scaredy cat!" Luffy stuck his tongue out at me.
"Buck buck buck-AWK!" Soundbite clucked out with a sneer.
"Do you want to go in instead?" Cross asked sardonically. Soundbite promptly squawked and
snapped back inside his shell. "Yeah, that's what I thought."
"Do it anyway! We can use him as bait!" Usopp called from the other side of the deck.
"I'll take that into consideration."

"TRAITOR!"
"Alright, alright, enough fun and games." Nami rolled her eyes with a smirk before turning
serious. "Cross, would you mind-?"
He nodded and tapped Soundbite's shell, pointing at Nami. "Amp."
Soundbite popped an eye out of his shell before letting out a whine. "You're live."
"Everyone, meet me in the cabin," Nami's voice rang out. "We need to talk about what's
coming up next."
Hastily complying, we all tied up our lines and followed Nami into the kitchen, where she
spread her map open over the table.
"Now, I know this sounds crazy-" she started.
"Crazy, Nami?" I interrupted, smirking, before listing off my fingers. "Our Captain is a
rubber man, one of our Comms officers is a sound snail, a smoke man tried to stop us from
leaving Loguetown less than an hour ago…" I pointed to myself. "And I can summon random
artifacts from other dimensions. We have long since passed 'crazy' forever ago."
Nami considered this, then indicated the center of her map. "Even if I tell you that the only
way into the Grand Line is by sailing up a mountain?"
"Reverse Mountain, right." Cross nodded.
The rest of the crew looked on in shock. "Wait, what?!" Usopp squawked in disbelief.
"Sailing up a mountain?! Y-Y-You can't be serious!"
"Oh no, I'm deadly serious," Cross shook his head firmly. "Reverse Mountain is pretty much
the only means of entering the Grand Line open to the public."
"Exactly." I confirmed, walking over to the table and pointing out the design on the center of
the map. "So, here is Reverse Mountain. See the lines that cross over it? Those are canals."
"Canals?!" Usopp blurted. "Don't be ridiculous!"
"I know it sounds nuts," Cross started. "But those are canals, running up the entire length of
the mountain, past the clouds and down into the Grand Line. No clue who built them, how,
when or why, but they exist alright."
"N-N-No way..." Usopp stammered, his eyes wide in disbelief. "Canal or no canal, a ship
can't sail up a mountain! T-T-That's impossible!"
"Hey!" Sanji slapped the back of Usopp's head. "If Nami says that's how we get in, then that's
how we get in, it's as simple as that! And... Well, Cross and Evan are pretty smart too, I
guess."

"Awww, shucks. Thanks, Sanji!" Cross smirked.
"Don't press your luck, snail mail."
"TsunDE-!"
"Don't even think about it, dumbass." Cross glared, firmly slapping a hand down on
Soundbite's shell.
"It sounds like it could be fun!" Luffy grinned eagerly.
"Don't get your hopes up, Luffy." Zoro warned. "Nami, you stole this map from Buggy, are
you sure that it's reliable?"
"I can guarantee it," Cross said. "It's not surprising that map is so valuable: it's eerily
accurate. The Navy would probably love to get their hands on it, just to keep a stranglehold
on any Grand Line intel."
"And how do you know so much anyways?" Zoro asked with a tinge of suspicion
Cross swallowed. "No offense to the East Blue, but it is called the weakest of the Four Blues,
and this is one of the reasons why." He shrugged. "Florida is on the Red Line, so we border
the North Blue as well as the East. Info on the Grand Line is more... thorough there." I
frowned in thought. "Well, general information, at least. The Grand Line has a reputation for
being a bit… active. Who knows how accurate some of my info really is."
Usopp shuddered heavily as he processed the implications of that statement. "W-W-Wait, yyou mean-?!"
"Yeeeaaaah..." I could see Cross' barely repressed evil grin as he pointed out several spots on
the map past the Grand Line. "There should be islands here, here, here, aaaand here. At least,
from what I remember at any rate. Geography: such a... feeble aspect of the Grand Line."
The sniper choked out a terrified sob as he sank to his knees. "What kind of a place are we
headed into?!" he demanded helplessly.
Cross and I matched malevolent grins, as we spoke together. "Hell."
"Oooo-eeee-oooo!" Soundbite snickered as he mimicked a theremin.
"Yes yes, very amusing." Reiju said. "But perhaps you should stop before Usopp has a panicinduced heart attack?"
Cross chuckled, raising his hands in surrender. "Fair enough, fair enough. Sorry about that."
"Why do we have to go through an entrance, anyway?" Zoro asked. "Can't we just sail south
right into the Grand Line or something?"

"NO WAY!" Luffy and Nami bellowed simultaneously.
"What they said." Cross concurred.
"It'd be totally wrong if we didn't start our adventure properly!" Luffy continued with a
determined nod.
"That, not so much."
"Listen," Nami crossed her arms firmly. "It's not so easy as you make it out. There's a reason
that not just anyone can get into the Grand Line, after all."
"One does not simply sail into THE GRAND LINE!" Soundbite nodded in agreement.
"Oh yeah?" Sanji cocked an eyebrow in curiosity. "How come?"
Cross went to speak, then paused. "How about I show you?" he gulped, grinning morbidly.
"Huh?"
Cross spread my arms wide. "Notice anything... missing from this picture?"
Everyone seemed confused... until Soundbite got the hint and started whistling like the wind.
Literally.
"Huh, now that you mention it, you're right." Usopp noticed, looking out the window. "The
storm's gone, all of a sudden. Weird."
"What?!" Nami squawked. "That's impossible! We should have been in that storm all the way
to the entrance of the canal!"
"And yet, the sky is quite clear." Reiju pushed the door open and gestured. "See for
yourselves."
"Wooooah!" Luffy breathed in awe as he jumped onto the deck, looking around eagerly. "The
weather's beautiful! That's so cool!"
"Yeah..." Sanji muttered as he walked out and looked back past the aft of the ship. "But I can
still see the storm back there. What gives?"
"Ooooh, nothing much," Cross shrugged with a sigh. "Just nature's ultimate middle finger to
all inter-Blue travel."
"THIS ISN'T THE TIME TO SPEAK PRETTY, DUMBASS!" Nami shrieked in terror. "IF
YOU KNOW WHERE WE ARE, THEN YOU KNOW WHY NEED TO START ROWING
OUR WAY OUT OF HERE RIGHT GODDAMN NOW!"

"Huh?" Luffy looked at me in confusion. "How come? Where are we?"
"Welcome, my friends…" I gestured grandly. "To the Calm Belt. Twin seas that separate the
Grand Line from the Blue seas, on both sides of the Red Line. It has no winds to catch, and
little to no currents to ride."
"Think doldrums, only on a global scale." Cross grinned.
"So, it's calm seas all the way?" Zoro asked. "Doesn't that mean we could just row through?"
"HELL NO!"
"Nami's right, it's not that simple," Cross nodded in agreement. "After all, they're seas. It'd
take weeks, hell, maybe even months to row our way through. With nine of us on board, we'd
almost certainly die of dehydration before we made it through. Then there's the fact that the
Calm Belts are the hunting grounds of one of the Seven Warlords of the Sea, the Pirate
Empress Boa Hancock, who would most definitely kill us all in about ten seconds flat."
Most of the crew stared at Cross in horror, but Luffy grinned as though Christmas had come
early. Naturally.
"And none of those are even the popular reason why nobody comes through here."
"I'm sure I'll regret this, but what would that reason be?" Usopp asked nervously.
Nami made to answer... just as the ship suddenly lurched.
"What the heck-?!" Sanji spat.
At the same time, my reiatsu senses picked up multiple idle signatures, and they were
fucking massive.
Soundbite shivered on his perch, eyes swiveling. "They're he~ere…" he sang morbidly.
Then suddenly, and without warning, the Going Merry flew (not for the last time, certainly),
sailing high into the sky before coming to a sudden halt and flinging most of us off our feet.
"What was that?" Zoro groaned.
"The popular reason..." Nami whimpered, grappled onto me like her life depended on it.
Usopp almost asked what she meant… until he saw for himself, and promptly keeled over,
foaming at the mouth.
"It's filled… with Sea Kings…" Our navigator sobbed with a hopeless smile.
Even I was frozen in fear. We were right on the nose of an unbelievably massive Sea King,
pale white with black stripes. The big fucker could have flossed its teeth with the Lord of the
Coast from Luffy's home waters. It was surrounded by many other Sea Kings that were

barely any smaller.
"Yeah..." Cross chuckled helplessly. "It's their natural breeding grounds, actually. Ironic, ain't
it? Most dangerous creatures in the world besides humans, and they live in the
most peaceful part of it."
"Yeah yeah yeah..." Zoro huffed hurriedly, dragging the ship's oars out of the stockroom and
handing them to Sanji and Luffy. "Now listen! When these guys go under again, we row like
hell for the storm! Got it?!"
"Yeah!" Luffy nodded in agreement. "We're going into the Grand Line the right way!"
"THAT'S NOT THE REASON WHY, DUMB-WAGH!" Nami was cut off as the Merry
suddenly heaved. "W-What the-?!"
Soundbite blinked in confusion for a second before squeaking and snapping back into his
shell. "Gesundheit!"
Cross shoved Soundbite into his jacket, and ran to Merry's rigging, wrapping one of the rope
ladders around his arm. "HOLD ONTO YOUR EVERYTHING!" he screamed.
I grabbed hold of Nami properly, and then held us firmly against the mainmast with an iron
grip. Just in time, as the massive bastard sneezed, sending us on an uncontrolled and wild
flight back whence we came. Eventually, we found ourselves bobbing in the comparatively
calmer seas of the almost-typhoon we had just left.
"Oh thank god it's just a storm..." Usopp wheezed.
"That... wasn't all that fun..." Luffy admitted reluctantly. Damn, you know it was bad is it
was Luffy saying that.
"Anyone else feel like going in the hard way?" Nami asked darkly.
"EEEEENOPE!" Soundbite bellowed from his hiding place.
"Fuck that shit." I agreed.
"If I never move again it'll be too soon..." Sanji groaned.
"Not a snowball's chance in Hell." Reiju muttered firmly.
"I wish we didn't need to move, but that's not an option at the moment." Nami groaned.
"Either we get to it, or these crazy currents capsize us!" Suddenly, she shot up with a gasp of
realization. "That's it!"
"The hell are you talking about, woman?" Zoro demanded tiredly.
"The currents! That must be how the canals work!" Nami shot to her feet and started pacing

furiously in thought, somehow managing to stay standing despite how wildly the deck was
swaying. "It sounds crazy, but... if sea currents flowed at the mountain strong enough, then
the water would flow up the mountain before coursing down into the Grand Line, like a
fountain! There's no doubt we're already on the current, so all we need to do is steer our way
in!" She then bit her thumb fearfully as a realization hit her. "But that also means that things
are that much more dangerous. Reverse Mountain is a Winter Island, so when the current hits
the Red Line, it sinks back down into the sea. If we crash, we'll be dragged under for sure."
"Ah!" Luffy nodded in what appeared to be understanding. "So it's a mystery mountain!"
I snorted. "Fuckin nailed it, Cap."
"Eh, it's not that hard to understand!" Cross cut in, leaning against Merry's railing. "The Red
Line is a chain of mountainous islands all linked together that run around the world, each
with their own year-round seasonal climate. Florida was a Summer Island through and
through, so I'm used to the heat."
"Ooooh! So they're mystery islands! Got it!"
Cross shrugged at Nami helplessly. "I tried."
"Hmph..." Zoro shook his head with a grunt. "Never heard of anyone sailing over a mountain
before..."
"I've heard a bit." Sanji shot back with a grin.
"About this mountain?"
"No, the Grand Line," Sanji's smirk widened visibly. "They say you need to be half-dead
before you can get in."
"Are you kidding me?!" Usopp demanded helplessly.
"Hey, what were you expecting, the red carpet treatment?" Cross laughed, patting Usopp's
back sympathetically. "Nothing worth doing is ever easy, which means this is really gonna be
worth it, right?"
"I vehemently question your logic." Usopp glared him down.
"NYEH!" Soundbite added, popping out of the jacket.
"YOU LITTLE-!"
"HEY! THERE'S THE MYSTERY ISLAND-MOUNTAIN!" Luffy suddenly bellowed,
pointing into the storm.
We all turned to look... and promptly fell silent. I already saw the damn Red Line from orbit,
so I already had somewhat of a perspective for it. Up close and personal, however,

was different. It was a veritable horizon of red stone, one that went up and beyond the
cloudline. It was the most imposing sight I'd ever seen. I couldn't help but wonder… what
the actual fuck happened in both major worldwide conflicts past that this thing existed today?
This illogical, geological barrier… that was getting closer… uh-oh.
"Guys?" Cross croaked numbly.
Luffy somehow, was the first to realize. "WE'RE GETTING SUCKED IN!" he whooped.
"SANJI! USOPP! STEER US IN!"
"ON IT!" they chorused, shocked out of their stupor. They promptly scrambled into the
kitchen and took hold of the whipstaff.
As we sailed ever closer, we noticed a crack in the mountain. Nami dug a pair of binoculars
out of her coat and stared through them for a second, before fumbling and almost dropping
them in shock. "Holy crap..." she squeaked.
"What is it?" Zoro asked her.
She handed the binoculars to him without a word. He looked through them as well and
promptly clenched in shock. "...I don't believe it..."
I barely noticed Cross' hoarse laughter as it finally came into view. Thousands upon
thousands of gallons of water, rushing up the mountain, passing beneath ten
humongous, impossible stone arches. It was insane… and amazing… and terrifying… and
beautiful… I'm not sure if I can describe it better.
"There are more things in Heaven and Earth, Horatio!" Cross quoted, grinning ear-to-ear. I
couldn't help but laugh in agreement.
"Damn pretty words." Zoro grit his teeth. "Won't mean much if we die, though."
"We're a little off!" Luffy noted with a tinge of panic. "More to the right! Right!"
Cross yanked Soundbite out of his coat and slammed him onto his shoulder, a whine flaring
over the howl of the wind. "HARD TO STARBOARD!" he announced.
"Right!" / "On it!"
Sanji and Usopp pushed and pulled with all of their might, trying to correct our course…
*SNAP*
Uuuntil the sound of snapping wood rang out over the deck. We all turned and stared at the
whipstaff's destruction for a moment before a shudder beneath our feet brought us all back to
our senses.

"THE WHIPSTAFF!" Nami shrieked in terror.
Just then, I noticed we were heading straight for one of the arches, and tried to think of what
I could do to course-correct.
"I'm on it!" Luffy roared, beating me to the punch. He blew past Cross, who caught his hat as
it flew off. "GUM-GUM…!" Luffy jumped over the edge of the Merry, getting between the
arch and our ship before inflating his body like a- "BALLOON!"
For a moment, Luffy was squashed against the arch, the Merry staying in place... until we
finally slipped past, flying up the canal like a roller-coaster Except for…
"LUFFY!" Cross yelled, watching as our Captain started to drop into the sea.
Thinking fast, I cried out, "Bakudo #4: Hainawa (Crawling Rope)!" I cast the rope of
crackling yellow reishi towards the rubber man, wrapping around him like a lasso. One hard
tug later and Luffy was tumbling onto the deck, laughing his ass off.
I sighed in relief, as did Cross, who slammed Luffy's hat back on his head. "NEVER DO
THAT AGAIN, DUMBASS!" he shouted through a smile.
"DUMBASS, DUMBASS!" Soundbite parroted eagerly.
All Luffy did was laugh even harder, and he wasn't alone. The crew was celebrating. Usopp
and Sanji danced, Nami, Reiju and I cheered joyously, Zoro cracked a grin.
And Cross…? Well, one of the few things I retained from the theft of my 'This Bites!'
memories, was that when faced with situations like this?
Jeremiah Cross… laughs.
"Pfff… PFFHAHAHAHAHAAAA!" He leapt up onto the Merry's railing, wrapped an arm
around the rigging, and hung himself out over the abyss. "HAHAHA! WE'RE IN! WE! ARE!
IN!"
"BANZAI! BANZAI!" Soundbite guffawed in agreement as he held on for dear life.
"Look!" Nami exclaimed, pointing ahead. "We're going through the clouds!"
As she said, further in and up the mountain, we began piercing through the roof of the
heavens until at last we broke through and came within sight of the peak, the very roof of the
world. The waters of four oceans, colliding into a singular point. Deciding to seize the
moment while I had it, I rushed to the very prow of the ship and stood upon Merry's
figurehead, my feet glued on via application of reishi. Within moments, we were on it: the
Merry jumped and, for a brief moment, she flew once more. Thus I spread my arms wide,
channeling the spirit of Jack Dawson.
"I'M THE KING OF THE WOOORLD!!" I howled, whooping like mad.

"I CAN SEE IT!" Luffy cheered. "THE GRAND LINE!"
The Merry hit the downward-flowing channel, and I saw what he saw, even through the
clouds. A field of blue that married the horizon, roiling and churning and roaring in welcome.
'We're on our way.' I thought. 'Ready or not, Laugh Tale… here we come.'
"HAHAHA!" Cross barked wildly, still hanging over the edge as we fell down the
mountainside, picking up speed, like the world's largest waterslide. "THIS IS AWESOME! I
LOVE YOU GUYS! I LOVE YOU ALL SO FREAKING MUCH!"
"...oooohhh..."
"Huh?" A faint warbling sound rippled through the air, bringing us out of our collective joyhigh.
"The heck...?" Cross blurted.
"You heard that too?" Zoro called.
"Maybe it's the wind." Nami shrugged indifferently. "There are probably lots of unusual rock
formations around here."
"I'm not so sure about that..." Cross frowned slightly. "Soundbite, could you-?"
Soundbite mimicked a rewinding cassette for a second before finally...
"...wwwooooh..."
Cross cocked an eyebrow. "That... was a lot clearer than I remember."
Soundbite's grey skin turned a shade more ashen than his usual gunmetal.
"THAT wasn't ME!" he yelped.
"Excuse me?!"
"...wwwooooOOOOHHH..." The sound came again, this time a full factor louder.
'...ooohhh shit.' I thought in panic. 'Now I remember what's coming next.'
"Hey!" Usopp called down from where he was hanging onto the mainmast's yardarm, pulling
down one of the lenses of his goggles in curiosity. "I think there's something up ahead!"
"Yeah!" Sanji concurred. "It looks like a mountain!"
"Huh?" Nami blinked in confusion. "That can't be right, it should be open sea once we pass
the Twin Capes!"

"Then what the hell do you call that?!" Zoro demanded, pointing at the dark silhouette that
was starting to come into view, almost as large as the Red Line itself.
"What the hell?!" Nami blurted in disbelief. "But... that chart was accurate! There aren't any
mountains here!"
"That's not a mountain…" Cross whispered numbly.
"BWWWOOOOHHHH!"
"THAR SHE BLOWS!" Soundbite cried out.
The mist finally parted just enough to give us a clear view of what was in our way. And holy
shit, it was.
"HOLY CRAP, THAT'S A WHALE!" Usopp shrieked in terror.
"That's no whale." I muttered in awe. "It's a fuck-mothering Navy Base."
I honestly couldn't even say I was exaggerating. Oda does good work, but nobody could've
done justice to the glory of Laboon. A massive, dominating form of flesh and blood wrapped
in pitch-black skin. He could have given many of those Sea Kings we saw a run for their
money. Hell, I'd be surprised if his kind weren't somehow a subspecies of Sea King.
Again, Laboon was glorious. He was also going to crush us without moving a single muscle.
My crewmates began panicking wildly, and I started running through my list of abilities and
techniques, wondering if I had one that could safely slow us to a stop.
"PFFHAHAHA!" Cross guffawed, barely managing to support himself on the Merry's railing,
as he just couldn't stop taking the mickey.
"WHAT THE HECK ARE YOU LAUGHING ABOUT, DUMBASS?!" Nami shrieked,
grabbing Cross by the collar.
He stopped to think for a moment, then chuckled nervously. "Ahh... would this be a bad time
to inform you that I think I just figured out that I'm an adrenaline junky?"
"WHAT?!"
Before he could respond, a massive BOOM shook the ship before we were jerked to a slower
pace, throwing us all off our feet.
Nami blinked in confusion, trying to get her limbs beneath herself. "What the hell was that?!"
Soundbite's eyes twisted around for a second before locking dead ahead. "Dumbass!" he spat
out in Nami's voice.

We followed Soundbite's line of sight... to the trail of smoke wafting upwards in front of us.
"THE CANNON!" my crewmates shrieked in horror.
"Well?" Luffy called out from beneath the forecastle. "Has the ship stopped?"
While it was no longer breakneck speeds, Laboon was still coming closer. "Not quite!" Cross
barked out, once again wrapping arm around the rigging.
"BRACE FOR IMPACT!" Soundbite hollered.
A second later, we thumped against Laboon's hide. Thankfully, the majority of the impact to
the ship was negligible. Except…
*KRAK*
Cross and I both winced as Merry's figurehead was snapped from her neck.
"This is bad..." Nami whimpered, clinging to both me and Merry's railing for dear life. "Am I
dead?"
"Want me to pinch your ass, just to be sure?" I asked dryly.
"...maybe later."
"AAAH! MY SPECIAL SEAT!" Luffy bellowed in horror and fury.
"Give it a minute." Cross groused. "I'm sure you won't have to wait for death long."
"We're not waiting, period!" Zoro tossed an oar at him and Usopp, the pair letting out an
'oomph!'. "Come on!" he ordered, Sanji helping him lower the other oar into the water. "Let's
get out of here before that thing reacts!"
"Seriously!" Usopp yelped as he and Cross began rowing. "Is this thing so big that it didn't
notice a freaking cannon firing into it or is it just slow?!"
"I think it's more the former than the latter!" Cross grunted. "After all, from my experience?
The intelligence of animals can seriously surprise you at times!"
"REPRESENT!" Soundbite nodded firmly.
"After all, you'd expect a snail that can speak to have at least half a braincell..."
"OI!"
"Hey, before I joined the crew, I met a sea monster under the command of a pirate crew." I
added. "I tried to reason with it, and it stopped to consider my words. Didn't listen at the time,

but the news said he turned over a new leaf later. So yeah, intelligence is a factor."
"That's nice, now how about you do something usef-!"
"HEY, YOU! LISTEN UP!" Luffy's voice bellowed out, causing us all to freeze up.
Apparently Laboon noticed as well, if the way his body sank down into the water just enough
so that his gargantuan eye could loom over us.
Nami swallowed heavily as she eyed our captain nervously. "Luffy..." she attempted to
placate him desperately. "I realize you might be angry, but that thing's a million times your
weight. Whatever you do, don't do anything stupid-!"
"BASTARD!" Luffy hollered, snapping his arm out and punching square into the center of
Laboon's cornea.
"LIKE THAT, YOU MORON!" most of us shrieked.
"You can't seriously be surprised by this..." Cross sighed with a weary grin.
Laboon almost certainly was, if the way his pupil jerked down to stare dead at us was
anything to go by.
"He's noticed us..." Nami choked out.
"AND I'LL MAKE HIM NOTICE US EVEN MORE!" Luffy roared.
"SHUT UP, DUMBASS!" Zoro and Usopp ordered as they tackled him and started doing
their utmost best to keep him quiet.
"Oh, I think it's a bit late for that, boyos." I said warily.
"BWWWOOOOHHHH!"
Laboon suddenly moved, his mass shifting far faster than anything even half his size had a
right to move as he twisted his head around and snapped his mouth open, allowing a veritable
waterfall-worth of water to cascade down his throat. Merry suddenly jerked forwards,
following the massive waterflow.
"Hold onto something!" Cross warned, one hand clutching Soundbite to his chest, the other
twisted into the rigging as tight as possible.
Suddenly, the deck bucked just a little too hard, and I found myself thrown clear of the ship.
"HOSHIT-!" I yelped, flying through the air aimlessly.
"WAAAAH!" Luffy panicked as he flew off beside me. "WE'RE GONNA FALL IN!"

"WHAT THE HELL DID I JUST SAY?!"
"LOOK OUT!" I heard Usopp scream. "WE'RE GOING DOWN!"
Luckily, Luffy had been on the ball, and stretched us both up and away, landing us squarely
atop the super-whale. He sat back, catching his breath.
"Well…" I exhaled. "That didn't go according to plan."

Chapter 15: Fuck It, I'm Running Out Of Chapter Title Ideas.
Twin Capes.
"HEY YOU!" Luffy raged, repeatedly punching the whale. "SPIT 'EM OUT! GIVE ME
BACK MY FRIENDS, WHALE! SPIT 'EM OUT NOW!"
"Luffy, I'm pretty sure this whale is too big for that to do anything." I spoke, noticing the
nearby hatch on Laboon's skin. "Except maybe annoy him into diving, or something.
Suddenly, a rumbling sounded out, and the whale began visibly sinking into the waves.
My eyes widened. "Speaking of which…!"
"Wha-! NO!" Luffy exclaimed, stomping on the whale. "DON'T DIVE, STUPID! HEY,
STOP!"
"Luffy, come on, this way!" I beckoned, opening the hatch and slipping inside. Luffy
followed me a few seconds later, and I closed and sealed the hatch.
"Hey, what the hell is this?" Luffy questioned, head tilted so far to the side his ear was almost
on his shoulder. "What's all this stuff doing inside a whale?" He kept looking about the
hallway we ended up in, made of metal plating and wooden beam supports.
"Mystery whale, Luffy." I replied. "Mystery whale."
"Oh yeah, that makes sense." He slapped his fist into his palm. "Anyway, let's go see if we
can find the others!"
"Right behind you!" With that, we started running forward into the semi-darkness of the
Crocus-built halls. We ran for a number of minutes, and got a fair ways in, before everything
started shaking and shifting wildly.
"Ahhhhh!!" Luffy yelled, as all the motion made us bound, bound and rebound off of the
walls, myself keeping Luffy's body between me and the walls for safety. "What is this?!
What's going on?!"
"If I knew that…!" I replied. At least we were bouncing forward down the hall.
"I'm getting dizzy here! Oh crap, is that a dead end?!"
I looked up just in time for both of us to slam face-first into the end of the hallway, and we
fell down the hole below into another area. We stood up, and I tried to shake off the
unexpected impact, while Luffy was no worse for wear. Lucky rubber bastard…
"Huh? That's weird." Luffy piped up. "Why's the whale got a canal inside him too?" He was

right, a canal of…water, maybe? Sloshed idly next to us, with two walkways on either side of
it.
Before I could answer, the whale must still be moving, as the whole place tilted, sending us
stumbling forwards. It caused us to start running at speed just to keep our footing.
'Maaan, this was way funnier through the medium of pages and screens!' I thought to myself
as we kept getting forced to sprint forward. Then I smirked. '...eh, it's still a little funny.'
Soon, we came across where the canal ended at a massive gate, a smaller door built into it,
with a gun-toting duo of the crown-bearing Mister Nine, and the blue-haired V̶i̶v̶i̶ Miss
Wednesday pressed up against it.
"AHHHH!" Luffy screamed. "WE CAN'T STOP, WE CAN'T STOP! HELP!!"
"GANG WAY!" I hollered.
The pair screamed in panic as the two of us plowed into them and sent us all flying through
the door and out into the other side. As we flew, I noticed the Merry just nearby.
"Luffy, grab 'em!" I called out. Credit to him, he didn't question it, and wrapped his rubbery
limbs around the dastardly duo. I grabbed him, then formed a temporary reshi platform at the
bottom of my feet, and kicked off hard. It changed our direction, and sent us careening right
onto the deck of the Merry. I was fine, since Luffy cushioned the impact, he was fine because
of his body, but poor Wednesday and Nine took it full on, leaving them stunned.
"Hey, guys, we're back!" I greeted, waving at my surprised crewmates.
"Welcome back, you two!" Reiju replied.
"Seriously?!" Nami fumed, marching up to me. "You two go overboard while we get
swallowed by a giant whale, and all you have for me is 'we're back'?! You could've died!"
"Nami… only one of us is a hammer." I reminded her. "Besides, did you really expect that to
kill us, when everything else before now didn't?"
Nami grumbled cutely. "...no, not really." I grabbed her in a hug, rubbing her back.
"Exactly. I'm glad to see you're alright too." I grinned cheekily. "Though next time, you might
wanna take a cue from Reiju on welcoming back your Captain and your lover!"
"Oh, shut up!" she said, karate chopping me in the chest.
"So, I see you two brought guests with you." Cross spoke up, frowning at the pair who had
recovered, stopping their hushed conversation. "I don't suppose either of you would be
inclined to share your names with us, would you?"

Quite predictably, both Miss Wednesday and Mister Nine averted their eyes with a huff.
"Mmh, I was afraid of that. Well, in that case, I suppose I'll just need to borrow these, won't
I?" Cross slid the cannons they'd toted out of their reach, the Frontier Agents tensing, and
making to stop him. However, before either could protest, they were frozen by Zoro sliding
Wado Ichimonji partway out of its sheath.
Cross whistled in appreciation. "Damn, this is some nice hardware; I'm no artillery expert,
but even I can tell that." He glared at them accusingly. "Mind telling me who and/or what you
want to die in a blaze of high-explosive glory?"
"AS LONG AS I LIVE!" Crocus roared indignantly, interrupting any response from the
Agents. "YOU WILL NEVER HARM LABOON!!"
"Huh?" Luffy blinked in confusion. "Who's the old man?"
"That would be Old Man Crocus." Cross explained. "From what I can tell, he's a guy who
lives here in the stomach of the whale that swallowed us. A whale who's name I'm
guessing…" He slammed his foot down on the grip of one bazooka just before Nine could
grab it. "...is Laboon."
Soundbite growled in a mix of equal parts doberman and german shepherd, making the pair
reel back in terror.
"C-Come on, now!" Mister Nine tried to reason. "It's just a little whaling! Y-You guys are
pirates, surely we can come to an understanding, no?"
Cross raised an eyebrow, his countenance otherwise unimpressed. "Back where I'm from,
whaling is a very hefty crime. Y'know, besides the fact that it's amoral. But hey, I'm just a
Comms Officer. What say you, Captain?"
Luffy examined the two silently, then spoke. "You two came in here so that you could shoot
this whale in the stomach, where he couldn't even defend himself?"
Nine and Wednesday shared a look, then grinned and nodded eagerly.
*WHAM*
Luffy lashed out with both fists, bouncing their skulls off Merry's railing. "They had it
coming!" he nodded firmly.
Just a few minutes later, we started making our way out of Laboon's stomach and away from
its acid, Crocus hitching a ride to show us out. Miss Wednesday and Mister Nine were tied
back to back, leaned up against the mast.
"Laboon is an Island Whale," Crocus began to explain. "A species that lives only in the West
Blue. They're the biggest whales in the world." He jutted his chin towards the assassin pair.
"These jokers are from a nearby village. They're after Laboon's whale meat. They could feed

their whole village for two or three years with him alone."
"That's just stupid." Luffy stared flatly. "This guy could only feed 'em for three weeks, tops."
"Not everyone has a bottomless, stretchable stomach like you do, Luffy." I responded just as
flatly.
"Oh, right! Shishishishi!"
"Regardless, I won't let you or anyone else get the chance to find out!" Crocus sighed.
"There's a reason Laboon keeps pounding his head against the Red Line… and crying at
Reverse Mountain. See, I've been Twin Capes' lighthouse keeper for a long time now. One
day, a friendly crew of pirates came down the mountain, and right behind their ship… came a
little baby whale. Laboon."
"A pirate crew with a pet whale?" Usopp whistled. "Now I've heard it all."
"Firstly," Cross began, "we've only just entered the Grand Line. Secondly, it's not like we
have much room to talk." He pointed at Soundbite, who preened.
Crocus chuckled. "Yes, yes… pirate crews can come across the most interesting of
companions. This lot had been traveling with Laboon in the West Blue for several years by
then. Their voyage was going to be fraught with danger that Laboon couldn't handle, so they
intended to leave him behind. However… they didn't take into account that Laboon had
adopted them as his pod, so he followed them here."
The old keeper smiled wistfully, reliving good old memories. "Their ship was damaged in the
crossing, most bigger ships are. They stayed here for several months as they made repairs,
and I became good friends with both the crew and Laboon. Then, on the day they left, their
captain asked me if I'd take care of Laboon for a few years, until they came back. 'We're
going to circumnavigate the world and return here.', he said. Laboon understood, so we
waited here together."
"So the reason he keeps bashing against the Red Line and crying-" Nami started to ask.
Crocus slowly shook his head. "No… not quite. See, Laboon's friends… they left about fifty
years ago. But he still thinks his crew is coming back."
The ship lapsed into an uncomfortable silence, at least until Luffy decided to be himself,
casting his gaze about the waterway then whistling in awe. "Ya'know, this place is kinda cool,
old man! Did you build it?"
"Don't tell me… another hobby?" Usopp deadpanned.
Crocus chuckled sardonically. "Hobby, eh? Yes, I suppose so. A doctor's hobby. I may not
look it, but I used to be a physician running a clinic on the cape, years ago. I was even a
ship's doctor for a time, as well. Haaah, those were the days…"

"Wow, you were a ship's doctor?! Luffy grinned eagerly. "Awesome! Hey, how about joining
my crew as our doctor?!"
For a moment, it looked like Crocus got hit by a brief heart attack, paling and tensing like
he'd seen a ghost (which I'm sure he did), though he swiftly brought his reaction under
control. He snorted and looked away dismissively. "Ridiculous. Me, act as the doctor to a
bunch of reckless young fools like you? Forget it."
Before Luffy could press the issue, we were forced to halt the ship as we came to another
large gateway. Without missing a beat, Crocus jumped off the ship, and climbed a ladder up
to a walkway lining the corridor.
"Doctors living inside whales couldn't possibly be common on the Grand Line, right?" Nami
asked.
"HA!" Crocus barked. "Not common at all, no, But I'm far from the oddest thing you'll see. I
didn't have much choice in the remodelling anyways. Laboon got too big and my treatments
weren't doing anything from the outside, so I had to improvise." He grunted as he started
turning a large wheel. "Careful now, I'm opening the doors."
With a grinding and a KRANG!, the gates shifted open, allowing the ship to flow out in a
flood of… again, I'm just gonna say water.
"Woohoo!" Luffy cheered. "We're outside! The real sky!"
The sounds of Mister Nine and Miss Wednesday beginning to rouse from their Luffy-induced
slumber interrupted any further merriment.
"So, what do we do with these clowns?" Zoro asked.
"Personally, I say throw 'em overboard." Crocus said, returning to the ship.
"With or without the ropes?" Cross asked sarcastically.
"Don't be an idiot." Nami rolled her eyes, untying the duo. "Zoro, if you would?"
He complied right away, grabbing the pair's collars, and tossing them into the drink. After a
few moments of flailing, cursing, and rampant vengeance-swearing, the agents proceeded to
swim away and out of sight.
"Ahhhh… Miss Wednesday, hm?" Sanji swooned, his cigarette smoke emerging as hearts.
"Nothing quite so romantic as a woman of mystery."
"You do realize that 'woman of mystery' was wielding a high-calibre cannon, and most likely
wouldn't think twice about snapping you like a twig, yes?" Cross asked.
"Ohh, but what a way to die…"

"Deathwish." Soundbite intoned.
"I know, right?" I rolled my eyes. "Fuckin Simp King."
Reiju gave a long-suffering sigh. "Oh, Sanji…"
"Huh? What's this thing?" Luffy wondered, looking over the Mister Nine Team's fallen Log
Pose. "They must've dropped it."
"Yoink!" Cross jerked the insanity compass out of his hand.
"Hey!"
"It looks fragile," Cross shrugged. "You don't wanna break it, do you?"
"Mmm..." Luffy pouted, but dropped the issue.
"Should we really let them go?" Nami questioned. "Won't they come after the whale again?"
Crocus scoffed. "It doesn't matter what we do, there'll always be more no-good whalers
showing up. Besides, I've got more than enough practice, and Laboon is tough. We'll be fine."
As Laboon hauled himself up and began wailing at the Red Line again, we relocated onto the
Capes themselves, at the base of one of the lighthouses. "So…" Luffy mused from his resting
spot. "He's been waiting fifty years for his crew, and he still believes they're coming back for
him. Man, those guys sure have kept him waiting a good long time… hope they get back
soon."
Cross tsked, shaking his head. "Hate to break it to ya, Cap, but I've read this kinda story a
dozen times over. It doesn't have a happy ending."
"Yeah." Sanji agreed, taking a drag from his cigarette. "Those guys said they'd be back in a
few years. It's been fifty. There's your answer." He grimaced, then continued. "They're dead.
He'll be waiting for them till the end of his time."
"How can you guys be so cynical?!" Usopp demanded. "You don't know that, they could still
return! It's the heartbreaking story of a whale who never lost faith in his friends! Maybe-!"
"I'm afraid reality is crueler than fiction." Crocus said solemnly. "The fact is, those pirates
fled the Grand Line. I have it from a reliable source."
"Wha… what?!"
"They abandoned the poor whale? Unbelievable!" Nami spoke incredulously. "But to flee the
Grand Line, they'd have to pass through the Calm Belt!"
"Precisely. That's why their fate is uncertain." Crocus sighed heavily. "Even in this day and
age, as well-explored as the world is, there are still mysteries on this ocean that defy our

comprehension. Everything about this place is unpredictable. Even if they were alive, weak
hearts often succumb to fear on the Grand Line."
"So the weak of heart…" Sanji huffed morosely. "...cared more for their own lives than the
promises they made."
"Then they did abandon that poor whale?!" Usopp harshly demanded.
"Not necessarily!" Cross defended. "I mean, let's face it: the Grand Line
is legitimately insane, then the rest of the time it's just the regular kind of homicidal. Crocus,
did this crew seem like oathbreakers or weak-hearted men to you?"
Crocus snorted firmly. "Hell no. The Rumbar Pirates were strong, kind men who never once
stopped smiling and laughing the whole time they were here, and when they left, it was in
tears at the prospect of leaving Laboon behind."
"Then I don't believe for a second they willingly broke their promise." I spoke. "On one hand,
they may have been more than willing to circle back just to get to Laboon, but died in the
attempt. Or, they were forced out by something. At any rate…" I shrugged. "Best not speak
ill of the dead, especially if we don't know everything."
Usopp considered that for a moment, and nodded slowly. "Yeah… yeah, I can agree to that."
"But why don't you tell Laboon the truth?" Nami questioned. "I mean, he certainly
understands human speech by now, right?"
"Oh, I told him the whole story…" Crocus sighed grimly. "...but he wouldn't listen. The day I
told him, he went mad with grief. He started crying out at Reverse Mountain, and then
ramming the Red Line with his head."
"Makes sense." Cross mused sadly. "He's placing all the blame on the nearest target he's got
that isn't you. He refuses to believe they'd abandon him, so he's rationalizing that they're on
the other side of the mountain, waiting for him. It's either that… or accept reality."
"As you said…" Crocus nodded in agreement. "I've tried to explain it several times over, but
he refuses to accept the truth."
"Goodness… what an amazing whale…" Reiju marveled.
"But… but he's waiting for nothing!" Nami tried to protest.
Crocus shrugged helplessly. "It doesn't matter; he just won't listen to what I say. Either the
grief actually drove him partially mad, or it's simple teenage rebellion. In the end, it hardly
matters. He's too scared, scared of losing his reason to wait, of losing the hope he's held onto
all this time. His original home is the West Blue, and he has no easy way back there. Those
pirates… they were his home."
"Damn… you can't help but feel sorry for him." Sanji mused. "Gotta wonder, though… Why

do you still take care of him?"
"Connect me to Luffy," I heard Cross hiss next to me.
As Crocus stared up in silent contemplation, I turned to the pair next to me, saw Soundbite
blink in confusion, then shoot me a look, before 'shrugging', and delivering an electronic
whine into both our ears, followed by Luffy's voice. "Yeah, yeah, this'll do nicely."
"Uh, Cap'n?" Cross hissed. "Care to fill me in on what you're up to?"
"Eh? Oh, hey, Cross! Nothin' much, I'm just gonna shove Merry's mast into Laboon to get his
attention."
Oh that fucking idiot. "Yo, Luffy? Evan here." I spoke quietly. "I don't suppose we can talk
you out of this dumbfuckery, could we? Failing that, maybe choose a different weapon to
use? The lighthouse, perhaps?"
"Mmmh… naaah, that wouldn't work as well. It's fine, Usopp can fix the mast. Besides,
Merry's strong! She can take it!"
I honestly don't know what I was expecting.
"Alright then…" Cross continued. "Can I at least convince you to use the mizzen mast, rather
than the main?"
"Umm…?"
"The smaller one. Not as big as the main, but it ought to get your point across. More
importantly, with any luck, it'll hurt Merry a lot less."
"Huh… good idea! Thanks, guys! Welp, I'm gonna stab a whale in the head! See ya!"
"Look at the scars on Laboon's forehead." Crocus broke his silence, catching our attention. "I
won't bore you with the details, but suffice to say that his injuries run deep. Our relationship
is odd, but I've looked after him for the past fifty years. I am still a doctor, and Laboon is both
my patient and my friend. I cannot stand by and watch him die."
"RAAAAAAAAH!!"
Our morose observations were interrupted by a familiar voice roaring at the top of his lungs.
We all blinked in numb surprise, watching as Luffy ran up Laboon's side, the mizzen mast
hefted upon his shoulder.
"Oh dear. What is our Captain up to now?" Reiju asked.
"Geez, you take your eyes off him for even a second…" Zoro shook his head.
"In my defense, I did try to stop him." Cross piped up. "It could have been a lot worse."

"Wait, what are you-?" Usopp choked, getting a better look at Luffy's weapon of choice. "Is
that Merry's mizzen mast?!"
"Just be glad I talked him out of using the main."
"GUM-GUM…!" Luffy roared, reaching the top of Laboon, raising the mast up high, and
ramming it into a recent wound. "BOUQUET!"
For a moment, we all looked on in numb horror at our Captain's monumentally stupid
decision.
"God damn it, Luffy." Nami summarized succinctly.
Then, Laboon went oh so very still, his entire body twitching for a moment before…
"BWAAAAHHHH!"
"WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING, DUMBASS!?" Nami, Sanji, Zoro
and Crocus roared furiously.
"DON'T DESTROY OUR SHIP!" Usopp shrieked.
"RIDE 'EM COWBOY! YEEHAW!" Soundbite cackled.
"IF YOU LET GO, DO A FLIP!" Cross called to him. The others gave him venomous looks.
"What? He's my captain, I'm trying to be supportive. Is that so wrong?"
Before any of us could reply, Laboon's roars turned to a rumbling growl, as he began to eye
the Red Line madly.
"Oohh no…" Reiju worried. "Everyone, I do believe now might be a good time to-"
Laboon suddenly shifted again, charging headlong at us.
"RUN!" As one, we all sprinted from the coast at all speed. When Laboon made impact, it
was as though the Red Line began suffering a 6 to 7 Richter earthquake, sending us
sprawling.
"NO! THE KID'S A DEAD MAN!" Crocus cried out in alarm
"He's fine!" I replied. "He's made of rubber, blunt force does almost nothing to him!"
Laboon pulled back, recoiling from the pain of slamming an open wound into the hard rock.
Luffy sat up, mostly unharmed.
"Heheh… won't work, stupid!" he exclaimed.

Laboon launched himself at Luffy again, but Luffy dodged to the side and then shot out his
arm, socking the whale right in the eye with a hard punch. But Laboon took it and slammed
into Luffy anyway. The rubber pirate went flying and slammed into the side of the lighthouse.
"What the hell is he even up to?!" Usopp demanded.
Luffy stood up as Laboon approached the cape and glared at him. "It's a draw!" Luffy
announced, causing Laboon to stop and stare in surprise. "I'm pretty strong, huh? Now, our
match isn't over yet. We still have to settle it. Your friends may be gone for good… but now
you've got a rival. Me! After we circle the Grand Line, I'm coming back here… and we're
gonna fight again! Got that?!"
Laboon's enormous eyes filled with tears, and he let out a loud, happy wail in
response. "BWAAAAAAH!"
I couldn't help but smile, the moment too heartwarming to resist. Now Laboon had another
reason to wait. He no longer had to live with the thought that his Nakama had abandoned
him, and he had a 'rival' in Luffy.

~BtWwG~​

It was about ten minutes later, and I hadn't been able to persuade Luffy to allow Usopp to
paint our Jolly Roger on Laboon, insisting on doing it himself for some reason. Meanwhile,
Sanji had retreated to cook up some food with some help from Reiju, Zoro napped, and I
briefly helped Usopp patch up Merry's figurehead and mizzen mast.
Afterwards, I went looking for Nami, who was with Crocus looking over an unconscious
Cross. Apparently, he ticked off my beloved with his adrenaline-junky ways, and she
knocked him flat.
Soon, he came to, seeing us kneeling over him, Nami and I concerned, and Crocus
exasperated. "How are you feeling, brat?" the old doctor grunted.
He blinked blearily, processing the question, then grimaced in pain. "I'm alive, though
whether or not that's a good thing remains to be seen. Since when could you throw a punch?"
he asked the navigator.
"Never." Nami asserted worriedly. "...Well, actually, I have been practicing more since

Orange Town, but I'm nowhere near good enough to knock a person out for ten minutes."
"WHAT?! Ooowww…" Cross jerked upright, then clutched his face in pain.
"Ah, Nami?" I spoke up. "Of course you can hit that hard, I gave you the Ox Talisman,
remember? Super Strength."
"I'm, uh… not using it right now." Nami opened a small secure pouch at her belt, showing the
talisman to us. "If I know we're gonna get into a fight, I just slot it into a special compartment
I sewed into my bras."
I blinked. "Oh… well that changes things." I went a little pale. "Actually, great idea. If
you had been using it full-time…"
"Yeah…" Nami looked a little ill at the thought herself.
"Ugh, in that case, what the hell?!" Cross complained. "I've never really taken a blow to the
face before, but I'd like to think that I'm capable of walking one off from someone of your
size!" He glanced at Nami. "Er, no offence."
She shook her head. "None taken."
For a few moments, several of us mulled over what was going on. Until Crocus spoke up.
"Answer me this, brat: your arm, when did you hurt it?"
"Huh?" Cross glanced at his arms, then rolled up his jacket's right sleeve, exposing some raw
flesh. "Uh, this? It's a rope burn, I got it about an hour ago when we went down Laboon's
throat."
Nami looked at Cross in shock. "Wait, that's an hour old, and you haven't even started healing
yet?! Cross, what the hell?!"
"Uh… so, I take it that's abnormal, huh?"
"In my experience, burns like that have usually started to heal up by now, and are gone a few
hours later." Crocus stated. He was right, ever since coming here, before the Shroud, any
injuries I'd received that didn't get wiped by the Phial's potion healed very quickly, same with
Medaka when we trained together. "What's your estimate?"
"Ah… maybe… a week, tops? I'm no med student, so…"
I flinched. "Yeah, that's pretty bad here…" I almost forgot, unlike me, Cross was dropped
here (literally) directly from home to beach. He didn't get the benefits of a new body. I started
wondering if maybe some Super Soldier Serum was in my random lineups, and if Cross
might wanna take it.
"I think I might have an idea." Crocus spoke, scratching his chin in thought. "The young lady
here told me about your home, Florida. It's a hidden nation, right? Small population, I'm

guessing, everyone's local, with few to no immigrants?"
"Ah…" Cross fumbled. "Yeah, that's about right. We'd rather avoid anyone we don't want to
finding out about us - mums the word, by the way - so yeah, few to no incoming inhabitants.
Why?"
Oh, I knew where this was going. Good cover, if embarrassing.
"Does the word 'inbreeding' mean anything to you?"
Cross facepalmed, and moaned in embarrassment. "Yes, it does. Here I thought we'd been
careful enough… just for the record, I don't care who you are. If that word makes its way to
the rest of the crew, I'll put by boot through your digestive tracts. Capiche?"
Nami held up her hands, I mimed a zipper, and Crocus snorted.
"So then… am I doomed? Shall I die a brittle man due to defective genes?"
"Nah, you'll be fine." Crocus waved off. "You don't have any obvious mutations, so the
problem's not as severe as you might think. If anything, it's more likely an issue of nutrition.
Deficient crops, livestock, etcetera. So long as you keep eating fresh food from the Blues and
the Line, and go easy on salt beef and hardtack, you should be good."
"Oh, thank god." Cross sighed in relief.
"Well, at least you got up at the right time." Nami smiled, helping him to his feet. "Sanji's
gonna have dinner set up soon."
"And don't worry about Soundbite." I remembered to note. "He's… on a playdate, as it were."
I pointed over to the ocean, where Soundbite sat on a barrel, chatting animatedly with
Laboon.
"Please tell me Luffy didn't recruit the whale." Cross swallowed, eyeing Laboon's newly
painted head.
"I'd have harpooned him if he tried." Crocus said flatly.
"Luffy took on the old promise of Laboon's crew, then drew our mark as a symbol of it."
Nami explained. "Soundbite started talking with him once we were sure you were fine… and
when he stopped laughing about it."
"FYI, if he gives Laboon any bad habits, I'm blaming you both." Crocus hummed.
"Yeah, fair enough." Cross assured. "So, Sanji's coming with food soon, I'm guessing Usopp
is nearly done fixing the Merry… what's next?"
"Hm, good question…" Nami mused, digging out her compass. "Let me just-" Suddenly she
froze.

"EEEEYAAAAAAARGH!!"
"Mother of Goat!" I complained.
"CRAZY BANSHEE!" Soundbite yelped, as Cross scooped him back to his usual perch.
"Nami-swan, is everything alright?" Sanji cried in his usual manner, hooping towards us with
heaps of plates on his limbs, laden with his incredible cooking, Reiju assisting him.
"NO, DUMBASS, EVERYTHING IS NOT ALRIGHT!" Nami yowled, slamming her
compass onto a table. "Look, my compass is broken!" As she said, the metal needle within it
was spinning like a propeller.
"You clearly came to the Grand Line unprepared." Crocus stated flatly, toting some plates
himself. "Unbelievable! Were you planning to throw your lives away? I already told you,
there is nothing normal about this ocean."
"Which must mean the magnetic field is borked, isn't it?" Cross queried. "Lovely."
"Exactly." Crocus nodded. "You see, each of the Grand Line's many islands are rich in
minerals. Those mineral compositions give off truly unique magnetic fields, rendering
compasses useless. To make matters worse, the winds and currents all follow no clear pattern,
like they have minds of their own. As a navigator, I'm sure you realize how dangerous that is.
Setting off unprepared in these waters is tantamount to suicide."
"I… I had no idea." Nami muttered, scratching the back of her head.
"AHHH, WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?!" Usopp howled in fear.
"Nami, you're still cute even if you don't know something!" Sanji swooned.
"SHUT UP!"
"Mmm… this tuna trunk is delicious!" Luffy mumbled with a mouthful of the food.
"Have you tried the tail?" Cross asked. "It has the texture of pork, but it tastes like chicken."
"I know, right?" I nodded, subtly snatching up a portion and hiding it, eating from another.
"It's a remarkable dissonance, but delectable all the same."
"Yum-yum!" Soundbite offered, munching on his own.
Crocus cleared his throat to get our attention back. "Now, to navigate the Grand Line, you're
going to need a device called a Log Pose. It's a special kind of compass, capable of recording
the Grand Line's magnetic fields.
"So, it's a weird compass?" Luffy asked, swallowing some fish.

"They have weird shapes, yes."
"I think I might have found one! Do you still have it, Cross?"
"Yo." Cross dug said Log Pose out of his jacket to show us.
"Well, that's a good thing." Crocus nodded. "Just getting into the Grand Line is hard enough.
Navigating without a Log Pose is nigh-impossible."
"I see. But just a second, now…" Nami spoke slowly. "WHERE DID YOU MORONS GET
THAT?!" She blurred forward and lashed out her fists, striking Cross and Luffy both. But
while Luffy was just knocked on his ass, Cross was out like a light again.
"Dammit, Nami." I groaned. "We just talked about this…"
"...Oops." Nami whimpered, having the decency to look sheepish.
"What the hell?" Sanji faltered. "How did Cross just… go down so easily?"
"Ehhh… seems he's got a condition." I explained. "Isolated home means their food sources
were poor. He's nutritionally deficient, making his body weaker and his healing slower."
"Oh, that's awful." Reiju remarked. "There's a way to fix that, isn't there?"
"So long as the boy eats right, he should improve over time." Crocus confirmed.
"I'd appreciate as much information as you can give me, that way I can compensate for my
cooking." Sanji requested.
"Uughh, Luffy, where did you get the damn thing?" Nami asked, trying to brush off her
embarrassment.
"That pair of weirdos dropped it before they left."
"Those two, huh?"
Suddenly, Cross stirred from his position face-down in his plate. "...how long was I out?" he
mumbled.
"Long enough for Luffy to tell us where he got the Log Pose and to explain your… condition.
Sorry…" Nami scratched the back of her head sheepishly.
"Fair enough." he pushed himself back up, and wiped his face down. "Continue."
"Right. Anyway, Crocus, about the Log Pose…" Nami held it to eye-level. "It has no
markings. How does it work?"

"It doesn't need any." the old timer explained. "The islands of the Grand Line each have their
own unique magnetic fields. The Log records those fields, leading you from one island, to the
next, and the next. The Log is your only hope of traversing this ocean. Starting from Reverse
Mountain, you'll have to choose one of seven islands' magnetic fields. In the end, however,
they're all the same. All the routes eventually become one, and lead to a single, final
destination."
In that instant, the mood shifted to something approaching reverential.
"Laugh Tale." Crocus intoned solemnly. "The very last island of the Grand Line. In all of
history, only one pirate crew has ever made it there and lived to tell the tale: the crew of the
Pirate King."
"You mean until we get there." Luffy grinned, munching on the Elephant Bluefin spine. He
leaned back and sighed in content. "Man, that was tasty!"
"You ate the whole thing!" Sanji screeched.
"Gosh, he even ate the bones!" Usopp exclaimed.
"At least I managed to get a taste…" Cross muttered vehemently.
"GREEDY GLUTTON!" Soundbite agreed.
"Damn it, Luffy! I cooked that for Nami! I wanted her-" Sanji lashed out, kicking Luffy
square in the head. "To have the best of it!"
Luffy was sent flying, his flight path sending him directly over Nami's arm and shattering the
Long Pose on her wrist. For a moment, Nami just stared at the busted device, face frozen in
the pleased expression she'd had. It quickly turned thunderous as Sanji turned his lovestruck
gaze upon her.
"GO SOAK YOUR HEADS!" she screamed, booting both rubber man and cook off the cliff.
As Nami stomped back over to us, Usopp looked concerned. "Hey, is Luffy going to be
alright, being in the water like that?"
"Eh, Sanji's with him. He'll be fine," Cross shrugged. "Besides, they both had it coming. I
don't know about you, but I don't wanna die by getting in Nami's way."
"Crocus, what are we going to do?" Nami lamented. "Our precious Log Pose is-!"
"Aaactually," Cross interrupted, pulling… a second Log Pose from his jacket?! This one
actually looked far sturdier than the one the agents lost.
Nami twitched slightly, nearly starting after Cross, but restrained herself. "If you already
knew…" she hissed. "Why the hell didn't you tell us?!"

Cross shrugged. "I overheard something about special compasses back in Logue Town, so I
took the liberty of buying one on the way out, figured we'd find out more as we went. Didn't
think it'd end up being a spare…"
"Good thinking, JC." I clapped him on the back, before turning to Nami and offering her the
plate I swiped earlier. "Here, Nami, I saved this for ya."
Nami calmed down a bit, and smiled, taking the plate. "Thank you, Darling."
Cross clapped his hands together. "Well then! Unless there's anything else to attend to-!"
*KA-BOOM*
A devastating explosion erupted from the ocean below, making everyone jump.
He promptly hung his head in despair. "Yeah, stupid question. Soundbite, could you…?"
The snail let out a feedback noise, then spoke in Mister Nine's voice. "We have a request…"

~BtWwG~​

"Whisky Peak?" Luffy repeated, after he and Sanji had brought Mister Nine and Miss
Wednesday back up the cliff with them. "What's that?"
"It's the name of our town." Mister Nine replied.
"So, you lost your ship, and you want us to take you home?" Nami asked, getting in the man's
face. "Why should we help you? Especially after you tried to kill that whale."
"Who are you guys, anyway?" Usopp demanded.
"I am a King!"
"Bullshit~!" I sang, delivering a Maka Chop to Nine's head.
"We can't tell you!" the pair exclaimed, prostrating before us. "We just want to go home! We

promise to repay you!"
"It's not our fault!" Wednesday pleaded. Our work requires us to be secretive. Our company's
motto is 'Mystery'. That's all we can reveal. We appeal to your kindness and compassion."
"I wouldn't trust them." Crocus grumbled. "Those two are no good."
"Oh, I almost forgot." Nami began innocently. "The Log Pose you dropped earlier is broken.
Do you still want to come with us?"
"WH-WHAT?!" Mister Nine raged. "YOU BROKE IT?! THAT WAS MINE!"
"WE GOT ON OUR KNEES AND BEGGED, AND YOU'RE JUST AS STUCK AS US?!"
Wednesday snapped.
"Oh! But we still have the one we already bought ourselves." Nami smiled impishly, tongue
stuck out. I snickered at her antics.
"We appeal to your kindness and compassion…" the two moaned, prostrating again.
"Meh, It's okay," Luffy decided. "You can come with us."
"Thank you so much…"
"But why, Luffy?!" Usopp questioned. "These two are obviously shady! Why would we take
them anywhere?"
"Maa, Maa, it's fine." Luffy assured. "Don't sweat the small stuff."
"On one condition, actually." I added, catching the duo's attention. "We take you home, you
stop hunting Laboon. Permanently. Meaning nobody else gets sent after him either. Deal?"
"At this point? Fair enough." Mister Nine agreed.
A little later, everything was packed up, and we were getting ready to shove off.
"It's time." Crocus announced. "The Log Pose should be fully set now. Did you use the map
to set it?"
"Yup, we're all good!" Nami replied. "It's pointing us to Whisky Peak."
"You sure you want to take those two home, boy?" Crocus addressed Luffy. "Once you've
chosen your course, there's no changing it again."
"It's fine." Luffy grinned. "If we don't like it, we'll just sail back around and pick again!"
"Heh, so you will." Crocus smiled.

"You make it sound so simple, huh Captain?" Cross noted.
"Naturally, cause he's A SIMPLETON!" Soundbite laughed.
"Goodbye, Flower Pops!" Luffy waved. "Thanks for everything, take care!"
"Good luck to you all!"
"GOODBYE, LABOON!"
"BWAAAAAAH!"
"Next stop, Whisky Peak! Let's go!"
"AYE!" We all responded, manning our stations.
Aw man, I can't wait! It's our official start on our journey into the Grand Line! There's gonna
be trials and tribulations, sure, but the crew could handle it, and Cross and I could run predamage control to help things go as smoothly as possible. The first hurdle was the agents of
Whisky…
No wait, I forgot. That's the second hurdle. First is the insane weather of the Grand Line's
entrance.

Chapter 16: Whisky (Peak) River Take My Mind
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH THIS OCEAN?!" Nami shrieked, clinging to
Merry's railing for dear life.
"I KNOW, RIGHT?! ISN'T IT AWESOME?!" Cross replied, cackling as he helped corral
Merry's lines.
As expected, the clashing weather patterns of the Grand Line's entrance reared their ugly
head in no time. It started with the snow and icebergs… then promptly decided to devolve
into everything, everywhere, all at once. Howling, gale-force winds, dense fog, a lightning
storm-blizzard double whammy, the icebergs got big enough to make the Titanic,
Britannic, and Olympic sink themselves out of fear…
Okay, maybe not the Olympic, she was a badass. Either way, Cross summed it up nicely at
one point. 'Poseidon is having a psychotic breakdown, and we are subject to the whims of his
maddened throes!'
"Pffff-HAHAHAHAHA!"
And of course, the man himself was having the time of his adrenaline-junky life. Not to say I
wasn't getting a small kick out of this as well.
"YOU CAN'T SERIOUSLY BE GETTING OFF ON THIS!" Nami screamed at the Commie.
"THE HELL I CAN'T!" He called back over the howling of the wind. "THIS IS THE MOST
FUN I'VE HAD IN ALL MY LIFE! THIS IS BADASS! RIGHT, SOUNDBITE?!"
"WAY HEY AND UP SHE RISES, WAY HEY AND UP SHE RISES~!" Soundbite roared
jubilantly, swaying with the tune, clutched to Cross' shoulder.
"WAY HEY AND UP SHE RISES, ER-LIE IN THE MORNIN'~!" I finished, cackling like a
madman.
"Mmph, geez…" Zoro grunted, waking from his inexplicable slumber. "If you idiots are
gonna sing, could you at least try and carry a- GRKH!"
Zoro got cut off as Nami appeared before him and yanked him by the collar to her eye-level.
"We're fighting for our lives against Mother Nature out here, and you're sleeping?!" she spat,
near-possessed by pure fury.
"Uh…" Zoro fumbled, failing to find an answer in the face of our navigator's fury.

Nami would've ripped into him further, but suddenly snapped her head to the side with a
haunted look. "That wind was coming from port, but now it's from starboard, how is tha- OH,
SON OF A-! TACK THE SAILS! WE NEED TO COME ABOUT, 180 DEGREES! THE
CURRENTS TWISTED US AROUND WHEN WE WEREN'T LOOKING!" She shoved
Zoro back, darting to her position on the upper deck. "GET TO WORK!"
Zoro hurriedly went to assist Cross. Meanwhile, I turned to Reiju, who was near my position.
"Is it wrong that I find Nami kinda hot when she's angry?" I asked.
The pinkette raised an eyebrow. "A little bit, but I think I can see where you're coming from."
I grinned. "Oh, you're not saying you like it too?"
She smirked. "Mayyybe. I-"
"HANG ON TO SOMETHING!" A call rang out, I'm not sure from whom. Reiju and I
clutched the nearest secure line/structure, then for a brief moment, ocean and sky swapped
places, we floated off the deck, and then everything went back to normal, the crew landing
back on lignum firma.
"Did… did Merry just pull off a loop-de-loop?!" Usopp sputtered.
"Pretty sure that was a barrel roll…" Mister Nine moaned.
PfffHAHAHAHAAA!!" Cross burst. "Holy shit, that was sick!"
"What in the literal blue hell is wrong with you?!" Miss Wednesday stormed at the top of her
lungs. "We almost died!"
"I know!" Cross grinned eagerly. "And it was beyond awesome!"
"Are you insane?!" she gaped.
"No! Nonono…" He scrambled toward the undercover princess, and grabbed her by the
shoulders. "I'm living! For the first time in my entire life, I know what it's like to actually
be alive! Back home, I was never in any kind of danger, never in fear for my life, never
putting everything on the line! But here?!" He indicated the world of madness around us.
"This insanity, this impossibility… It's unique! Unprecedented! It's… legitimately beautiful!"
Merry then bucked in the waves again, sending Cross tumbling, and landing flat on his ass.
"PFFTHAHAHA! I'm freaking loving this! The madness, the craziness… it's awesome!
Above all else, I love this crew for getting me here! Thank you so much for letting me be a
Straw Hat, Luffy! I love you all so goddamn much!"
"Shishishi!" Luffy chuckled, balancing on Merry's railing. "Sounds like you're having fun,
Cross!"
"Yep!" Cross got back on his feet. "See, you guys are gonna need to work long and hard to

achieve your dreams, but me?! This is my dream, Luffy! This is what I've waited for all my
life! The world, clear and uncut! Up close and personal! I am living my dream every second
we're out here, and it is glorious!"
"Preach it, JC!" I cheered, pumping my fist. "Hells yeah, brother!"
"Yes, yes, very inspiring!" Nami snapped. "Now if you could just do me a favor by shutting
the hell up and getting to work BEFORE THE DAMNED WHIRLPOOL OFF THE PORT
BOW SWALLOWS US ALL ALIVE?!"
"Shutting the hell up, ma'am!" Cross squawked, rushing to help Usopp back at the mizzen
mast.
Sadly, this was only the beginning of our troubles with the myriad of weather patterns on this
small stretch of the Grand Line… including but not limited to: sudden oceanic tornadoes;
more fuckmothering icebergs; sunlight hot enough to ignite the sails, only to be put out by a
sudden typhoon; a pod of literal flying manta rays as big as whales… er, regular whales;
aaand more fuckass currents spinning us about on the water like a damned swivel chair.

~BtWwG~​

After a near eternity of insanity… nothing. The sea was now calm, the sun shining normally,
and a calm breeze flowed over us.
"Well, are we good?" Cross asked Nami.
"As far as I can tell…" she whimpered, leaning against me for support, myself propped
wearily against the upper railing.
"Soundbite?"
"Boo-buh-beep. We're sorry, the number you are trying to reach has been disconnected,
or is no longer in service."
"Soundbite, wake up!"
"Hoo-WHAT?"

"Can you hear anything lurking beneath us?"
The snail tilted his head and concentrated, then shook it firmly. "ALL CLEAR!"
"Oh… perfect… in that case…"
We all went limp and collapsed to the deck.
"I can't feel my anything." Usopp whimpered.
"Well lucky you, my everything is burning…" Cross moaned.
"I can't believe you guys woke me up for that." Zoro growled. "Couldn't you have handled it
yourselves?"
"NO!" The rest of us roared.
"Soundbite, remind me, you can imitate whatever sounds you've heard, right?" Nami
demanded.
"Yup yup yup!"
"Direct order, then. Next time you hear Zoro sleeping while we're going through that kind
of hell, blast a Sea King roar in his ears. All in favor?"
"Nay!" Zoro barked.
"AYE!" We resounded across the ship.
"Oh, screw you guys…"
"Shishishi!" Luffy chuckled from his special seat, looking no worse for wear. Of course.
"Sorry, Zoro! Looks like you've been out-vetoed!"
"I believe you mean 'out-voted'..." Wednesday groaned.
That seemed to catch Zoro's attention, as he looked over at the equally exhausted agents.
"Now that I think about it, what are these two doing here?"
"ARE YOU ONLY JUST NOTICING US?!" the duo bellowed indignantly.
"We're sailing them back to their home." Luffy explained.
Zoro blinked at Luffy, then cast a flat look at the rest of us. "And none of you tried to stop
him?"
"You honestly think we could?" Sanji shot back.

"...yeah, fair enough. Anyways… Zoro pinned a rather bloodthirsty-looking smirk on the pair.
"I've been thinking… what did you say your names were again?"
"I… I'm Mister Nine."
"And I'm M-Miss Wednesday."
"Yeah, I thought so." Zoro's grin widened further, sending the secret agents into a cold sweat.
"Those names of yours, they're real familiar. They've been stuck in my mind for a while now.
Like I've heard them somewhere before…" The two almost looked ready to bolt then and
there… "Or maybe I haven't!" Zoro shrugged, his grin shifting from 'bloodthirsty' to 'shiteating'.
The duo collapsed on their backs. "Demon…" they whimpered.
"Come on, buddy, leave 'em alone." Cross started, hand on Zoro's shoulder. "After all, it's
cruel and unusual to torture poor, defenseless pests like them! Save it for the poor,
defenseless Sea Kings."
"OH, SCREW YOU!"
"Either way, come on." Cross started walking off, gesturing for Zoro to follow. "I'm almost
certain that madness scattered our supplies all over the hold, and I can't lift the crates alone."
"Eh? Why don't you get Luffy or the crap-cook to do it?"
"Listen here, you damned moss-!" Sanji snarled, but he was interrupted by Nami placing a
hand on his shoulder.
"Please, Sanji, allow me." She pinned a frigid look on Zoro. "You'll help him, or else I'll
quintuple your debt. As a start." Ouch. Even with the lowered amount I helped negotiate, that
would suck.
Zoro twitched furiously for a moment, before marching toward the door with a growl.
Suddenly, he stopped. "Actually, that reminds me…" he turned to look at me. "Just what did
the witch say to you to make you fold so quick back at Loguetown?"
"Dude, leave it." Cross warned. "Those two are lovers, remember? It's probably something
explicit." Zoro paled instantly.
I snorted. "Nah, it's nothing like that!" I blushed, rubbing the back of my head. "She…
promised to… start calling me 'Darling' from now on, that's all."
…
"Seriously?!" most of the crew scoffed. Reiju laughed a little.
"Oh, fuck off! It's the little things in life, so fight me!"

"Forget it. C'mon, Cross, let's get to work." Zoro marched off into the storeroom, the
Commies right behind him. Meanwhile, the rest of us split up, Nami reconfirming our
heading, Sanji and Reiju going to cook dinner, and I joined Usopp checking over Merry for
any significant damage.
"Nami-swan, Reiju, it's time for dinner!" Sanji announced about an hour later. "HEY
MORONS, GET IN HERE ALREADY!"
Several of us raced to the upper deck at speed, the goal to beat Luffy to the dining room
before he managed to eat everyone's share. As we did, Cross snatched up two of the prepared
plates, and shoved them into the hands of the wayward frontier agents before they got into
the dining room.
"Sorry!" he grinned wolfishly. "The dining room is for crewmates and paying customers only.
Freeloading passengers eat in steerage, no exceptions. Enjoy!" He then slammed the door in
their faces, chuckling as they both cried out, "HEY!"
"CROSS!" Sanji snarled, marching on him in fury. "I can get the crown-bearing dingus, but
how dare you lock out a poor lady like-!"
"Shhh!" Cross hissed, finger to lips.
The Simp King halted in shock. "Did you just 'shush' me?!"
"Yes, and I'll do it again! Observe: Shush!" Before Sanji could retort, he glanced at
Soundbite. "Give us some white noise, would you? No chances."
The snail nodded firmly, and concentrated for a bit before making a grinding motion with his
teeth. As he did, you could just make out a faint sound of buzzing and gurgling around the
door.
Nami stared in confusion. "No chances? Cross, what are you up to?"
"I assume he means no chances for those two to overhear me telling everyone about how
dangerous they really are, right Cross?" Zoro asked.
The snail-bearer snapped his fingers, pointing at him. "Hole in one."
"Wait a sec. Zoro, you actually know something about them?" Usopp wondered. "But…
dangerous? Are you sure? I mean, they had those guns before, but those were left behind with
Crocus, so how dangerous could they really be?"
"Yeah, Zoro!" Luffy mumbled around the load of food in his maw. "They're funny, not
scary!"
"On their own, sure." Zoro jutted his chin at the door. "Those two aren't that big a threat. The
worry comes from what they're a part of. Have any of you ever heard the name 'Baroque

Works'?"
Everyone blinked in confusion before shaking our heads.
Zoro snorted and shrugged, scratching at the back of his head. "I'd be surprised if you did…
alright, here goes: a few years ago, during my bounty hunting days, I was approached by a
man- not like that, dammit!" he snarled at Sanji, caught smirking malevolently. "A man who
wanted to recruit me into the organization he was in, due to my skills. When I refused, he
didn't take it well. As in, he tried to kill me, all because I knew that his organization existed."
"That organization being Baroque Works." Nami figured.
"And the man's name being Mister Seven." Zoro finished.
That got the rest of the crew tensing.
"After that little experience…" Zoro sighed, continuing. "I decided to do a little research into
just who these 'Baroque Works' people really were, in case they ever came after me again.
Not too much, so I didn't draw unwanted attention, but enough to get a general
understanding. To put it simply, Baroque Works is a criminal syndicate that prides itself on
secrecy. All their agents have codenames, numbers for the men, days for the women. Plus,
the identity and location of their boss is a complete mystery.
"They have a massive number of operatives who operate in the East and South Blues and the
Grand Line alike, and have untold resources to operate with." Zoro looked each of us in the
eye, one by one. "Make no mistake: Baroque Works is a dangerous organization, not the kind
of people you mess with on a whim."
Everyone lapsed into silence, contemplating the implications of the information we'd been
given. Except Luffy, of course, he just kept eating.
"C-Come on, it couldn't really be that bad, could it?" Sanji gulped, smiling nervously.
"Y-Yeah!" Usopp nodded frantically. "A-A-After all, you managed to beat that Mister Seven
guy, right? R-Right?"
Zoro grimaced. "Yeah… the guy was a master-class actor. He went from cordial to murderous
in less than a second. If I hadn't had a bottle nearby, and been a second slower, well…"
Silence fell again as we mulled over these perilous facts. Finally, Sanji hissed in a deep drag
from his cigarette. "You're thinking this is a trap, huh?"
"Criminals don't normally give two shits about the wellbeing or hunger of others…"
"Unless it's their own, right, right…" Nami groaned, massaging her temples in aggravation.
"Perfect, just… perfect!" She glared at our captain. "Thanks a lot, Luffy!"
"You're welcome!" Luffy perked up, before tilting his head in confusion. "Wait, what did I do
again?"

"Essentially? You caused us to stumble blindly into an ambush set by a multinational
criminal organization, all based on a whim." Reiju noted.
"Oh! Then yeah, you're welcome!"
"WE'RE NOT LOOKING FORWARD TO IT, YOU BASTARD!" Nami, Usopp and Sanji
roared.
"Damn, you guys're loud." Zoro huffed, pinkie rubbing his ear.
"I know, right?" Cross grimaced. "We need a doctor on this ship, get us a refresher on the
symptoms of tinnitus."
"And a musician!" Luffy piped up.
"Music isn't much good to me if I can't hear it, Cap'n."
"Anyway!" Zoro interjected. "The point is that when we reach this Whisky Peak place, we all
need to be on-guard. Trust no one, and not a word of this to the two outside. Understand?"
"We all nodded, with various sounds of assent.
"Excellent!" Cross clapped. "Now, what say we divvy up what's left of our meal before Luffy
finishes picking our plates clean, hm?"
"Yea- WAIT, WHAT?! LUFFY!"
What followed was the sounds of a beatdown/impromptu brawl as Sanji let out some
deserved rage on the Captain, making some of us chuckle in amusement. We may have a
game plan now, but let's see just how long it lasts when we get there.

~BtWwG~​

"WOOOH!" / "HOORAY!" / "WELCOME, PIRATES!"

It didn't take terribly much longer to reach Whisky Peak, upon nearing which Mister Nine
and Miss Wednesday promptly took their leave of our ship. We sailed up the river, and now
we had a massive crowd of people cheering at the top of their lungs. You couldn't fault their
acting skills, they sounded entirely genuine, even knowing what they really were. The rest of
the crew, though…
"Shishishi! And you guys were worried!" Luffy laughed, waving back joyously.
"You jerks had us scared for nothing!" Usopp whooped, blowing kisses to the crowd. "Pirates
are heroes to these people! Heroes! Woohoo!"
"HELLO, MY LOVELIES!!" Sanji swooned, completely enraptured by his 'Hurricane of
Love' for all the pretty girls here.
The rest of us stared after them blankly.
"Honeypot?" Cross deadpanned.
"Honeypot." Zoro, Nami, Reiju and I chorused flatly.
"Oi vey…" Cross shook his head. "I'll look for an opportunity to sneak away and have
Soundbite listen for anyone planning something behind the scenes when I can. Hopefully,
they'll be able to keep a straight face when I funnel it into their ears. For now though!" He
plastered on a fake smile, and raised a hand in the air.
"Just smile and wave, boys." Soundbite quoted. "Smile and wave."
"You know what they say..." Reiju remarked, winking at a group of swooning men and
women. "A trap isn't a trap if you know it's coming, it's a faceoff."
"Eh, at least we know our next move." I said, playacting my best. "Spring the trap…"

~BtWwG~​

"...Oh you can search far and wide, You can drink the whole town dry~!" I sang, dancing on
one of the tables in the party the locals were throwing us. "But you'll never find a beer so

brown, no you'll never find a beer so brown, as the one we drink in my hometown, as the one
we drink in my hometown~!" I stomped twice. "You can drink your fancy ales, you can drink
'em by the flagon! But the only brew for the brave and truuue… comes from the Green
Dragon~!"
Everyone cheered as I concluded the tavern song. Luckily for me, my enhanced constitution
kept me from being debilitated from all the drink thus far, and my Phial's solution (which I
said was a probiotic) cleared up any inebriation and drug effects. Meanwhile, Luffy was
eating himself stupid(er), exhausting several cooks, Usopp was bragging to his 'adoring fans',
Sanji and Reiju flirted effortlessly, and Zoro and Nami were going all-in on a drinking
contest. Cross and Soundbite, I noticed, had vanished. Meaning they were doing their
'wiretapping' thing, and we should likely hear from them soon"Ka-lick!" I heard in my ear. Ah, right on cue.
"Don't react, don't say a word, just keep doing what you're doing." Cross' voice said, piped
into my, and probably everyone else's, ears. "I'm currently in the restroom, using Soundbite to
speak to you. He's putting my words directly into your ears, so nobody can hear me but you.
Now listen: I got a little bit curious, and had Soundbite listen in on a little bit of everything,
and I heard something interesting. Soundbite, let them have it."
"Ka-lick!"
"-much longer do we have to fucking wait?! I'm getting sick and tired of this crap, I wanna
fucking go already!" said the voice of Thing 1.
"Not yet, dammit. They're still awake, and I'm not going up against Roronoa frickin
Zoro while he's still sober. We've been able to do this for so long because we've always done
it right." went the voice of Thing 2.
"Ergh, I know, but still…"
"Look man, don't worry. I'm sure they won't need much more before they go down. Then, once
they're dead and away, it's shackles and straight to the Navy for a hefty payday! And that
makes it all worth it, right?"
"...eh, yeah. Fair enough. Hey, pass me that rifle, would you? I don't think I wiped down its
barrel yet."
"Here ya go. By the way, did you see that outfit Miss Wednesday was wearing? I swear, bitch
and ice queen she may be, but that girl is smoking-!"
"Oh-kay, that's more than enough." Cross cut off. "Anyways, I think you get the idea. Now,
here's how I suggest we swing this-"
"RAAAAAAAAH!" *CRUNCH-SMASH!*
Unfortunately, it seems Luffy had already decided our course of action. His hat shadowing

his eyes, he lashed out with both rubbery arms, and obliterated multiple tables, chairs, and
assorted furniture, along with the whole fucking wall. Several of the undercover bounty
hunters were caught up in the chaos of his outburst as well.
"...Goda-fuckity dammit, Luffy." I intoned, facepalming. I looked up at everyone else, frozen
in shock. "Well?! Happy-happy-fun-time is over! Get these clowns!"
Like a switch being flipped, the crew sprang into action, and a mass brawl broke out,
partially spilling out into the street. The group who had been moments ago celebrating with
me all made to dogpile me, but I was already one step ahead.
"Hado #22: Reppūsho (Gale Palm)!" I called out, twisting winds gathering around my
palm. I thrust downward, and the collected gale burst outward, scattering them all. I snatched
up a short metal staff from midair and started laying into other still-standing fighters. I nearly
jumped in when I saw Miss Monday about to cave Usopp's skull in with her Brute Strength
Knuckleduster, but Zoro beat me to it, denting hers in first. Unfortunately, this had the side
effect of setting off Sanji, who began clashing fiercely with the swordsman, their fight
drifting off into the town.
As the brawl continued, I noticed Cross and Soundbite had returned and joined in, going hogwild with a police baton, cracking skulls and limb bones alike. He was doing alright,
unskilled brawler that he was.
"GUM-GUM… WHIP!"
At that, I hit the deck last second, allowing Luffy's elastic leg to pass over me, and clear out
the rest of the agents left standing in the building.
"Ahh…" Luffy sighed, patting his no-longer-ballooned stomach. "Nothing like a good fight
to help with digestion. That was nice!"
"It'd be even nicer if you gave us a heads-up before almost taking our heads off!" Usopp
howled as he sprang back up.
"But you're all fine, right?" Luffy blinked in confusion.
"ONLY BECAUSE WE KNOW YOU TOO WELL, JACKASS!" Nami and Usopp yelled in
stereo.
"That was a little reckless, Luffy." Cross concurred.
"Loose cannon, baby!"
Luffy blinked again, then chuckled, scratching the back of his head. "Ah… yeah, you're right.
Sorry, guys."
"At least you're willing to admit it…" Cross sighed. "Dare I ask what became of Zoro and
Sanji?"

"Zoro took down that muscle-woman, Miss Monday, when she tried to cave in Usopp's
skull." I explained, pointing off to where I could hear more combat. "Predictably, the Simp
King took offense to that and attacked him. They went thataway."
"Joy…" Cross ground out. "Alright, seeing as how the element of surprise has come and
gone, mind if I offer my opinion on our next moves?"
Luffy shrugged, grinning. "Sure thing!"
"Works for me." Reiju agreed.
"I mean, considering you were right about this place…" Usopp nodded nervously.
"Thank you. Alright, here's what I'm thinking: Usopp, you find a good rooftop and act as fire
support, take out anyone who shows their head and isn't us. Think you can do that?"
Usopp nodded, popping a thumbs up. "Y-Yeah, of course I can! After all, I'm the great
'Master Guns' Usopp!"
"Yeah, yeah, we know. Now hop to it, would ya?"
"Ah, r-right!" Usopp then took off to find some appropriate High Ground.
"Nami, you and I will be engaging in one of the few pirate activities I think you will enjoy."
Cross clapped his hands together. "Looting everything that isn't nailed down, and a lot that
is!"
You could almost see Nami's eyes turn to Beri signs. "You have my utmost attention."
"No shite!" Soundbite chortled.
"Looks like the majority of these guys were taken out here, the rest are either caught up in
Zoro and Sanji's crossfire, or are running like hell. Thusly, an entire town of criminals is now
abandoned and ripe for the picking. I imagine you hear opportunity knocking like I do,
right?"
She nodded eagerly, giggling in child-like glee.
"Huh?" Luffy cupped his ears. "I don't hear anything…"
"Figure of speech, Luffy." the rest of us chorused.
"Anyway, you head toward Sanji and Zoro, try to break them up, then send em back here to
tie up these idiots so they don't get loose. I'll head in the opposite direction, see what I can
turn up. And keep an eye out, alright? There could still be some stragglers hiding around
town. Got it?"

"You got it, big bro!" Nami chirped, skipping away.
"O… kay…" Cross blinked. "That was disturbing…"
"I feel…unclean…"
"I haven't been this scared since the last time Grandpa came to visit." Luffy gulped.
I shrugged, "Hey, if you say so. I'm glad to see her happy, anyway."
Cross shook himself. "Right. Speaking of stragglers, Evan, Reiju, you two go around, see if
you can root out any ambushers waiting for us."
"We're on it." Reiju nodded, moving to leave. I gave a two-finger salute, and was right out the
door… er, hole.
My search didn't bear much fruit after a few minutes, then I turned up my spiritual senses. I
felt a presence approaching from behind, and turned, drawing Zangetsu and knocking a
dagger out of the hands of… a child?
"Oh please, have mercy on us!" A nun pleaded, running to and protectively hugging the
crying boy to her chest. "Have mercy!"
I cocked an eyebrow. "Okay, considering I'm not buying this act for a second, I gotta ask: are
you actually a child, and if so, why the blue hell are you working for Baroque Works?"
The boy's crocodile tears dried up fast, and he shared a look with the nun. Then he shrugged.
"Ey, what can I say, the pay is pretty good." The sister nodded in agreement.
I considered that for a moment. "Y'know what? I suppose that's valid."
"In that case… Blessed Blinding Powder!" The nun yanked the chain of her crucifix, which
shot out a cloud of grey powder. The unassuming pair then drew weapons…
*THWACK, THWACK*
"Valid enough to use the back of my blade." I finished, standing behind the two. They
collapsed to the ground, unconscious.
"A little heartless, aren't you?!" Called someone from above. I looked and saw Mister Nine
flipping rapidly towards me. "Hot-Blooded Gutsy Bat!"
"Bakudo #8: Seki!" The transparent blue sphere formed in front of the palm of my off-hand,
and caught the incoming metal bat. The release sent the faux-royal careening through a
nearby wall.
"GAH!" Nine exclaimed, bursting out of the rubble. "A clever trick, but you'll need more
than that to keep me dow-"

"Hado #31: Shakkahō!" With the same hand, I fired an orb of crimson energy, engulfing
Mister Nine and the building in an explosion. When the smoke cleared, the man was charred
and unconscious, but alive.
'Well, that was certainly easy.'
I didn't sense anyone else around, must be that all enemies were accounted for. I picked up
the frontier agent, and brought him back to the building we started at. I greeted Reiju and the
Monster Trio, handing off Nine to be tied up with his fellows. Not long later, Cross showed
back up as well.
"Hey, Cross!" Luffy waved, munching on some leftovers. "Have fun?"
"For a certain degree of the word 'fun', I suppose. What about you guys?"
Sanji coughed uncomfortably, not meeting Cross' eyes. "I… overreacted a little during the
fight, and Nami got angry with me. Nothing serious." The combat-worn states of both
himself and Zoro spoke the volumes he refused to.
"So I see. Anyways…" Cross jerked a thumb over his shoulder. "Nami wants us to switch
out. Grab a bag and start looting, I'll stay here to keep an eye on these clowns."
Sanji nodded, walking off. "Got it. I'll grab some food while we're at it. We're running a bit
low. Maybe a few barrels of water too…"
Cross then turned his gaze to Miss Wednesday and Misters Eight and Nine, the only ones
among the bounty hunters who had regained consciousness. They glared back at us, the only
thing they could do being bound and gagged.
"They say anything?" Cross asked.
Zoro scoffed, searching for any remaining booze. "Nothing worth listening to, anyways."
Cross hummed, then looked at Miss Wednesday, contemplating her for a minute. "Do you
mind if I take her gag out? I wanna ask her something."
I raised a brow, but nodded. "Go ahead, I suppose."
Cross walked up to the bound woman, knelt down, and yanked out the cloth in her mouth.
Wednesday spat and gagged for a moment, then leveled a venomous glare at him.
"What do you want?" she growled, bitch-act fully in place.
"What's your name?"
She gave a haughty sniff. "Are you daft? You know full-well my name is Miss Wednesday."

"Your real name, smartass, not your codename." Cross rolled his eyes.
Wednesday just barely twitched. "Wh-Why do you want to know?"
He shrugged. "I want to know your family name, so I can confirm a theory of mine."
"What… what are you talking about?" She swallowed, breaking out in cold sweat.
"You can cut the act, it's written all over you. The way you walk, the way you look at me and
my friends, the way you carry yourself…" Cross tilted his head ever so slightly. "You're rich,
aren't you?"
"I… w-what?"
I furrowed my brow in confusion. Where is Cross going with all this?
"Your family, they have plenty of money, don't they? Every one of your mannerisms is
textbook blueblood behavior, the kind you learn over the course of your whole life. That can
only mean one thing: you're loaded, and you grew up loaded."
Miss Wednesday's jaw worked uselessly, searching for an answer. "W-W-What- What does it
matter if my family has money?" She glared anew. "Are you looking to hold me for ransom
or something, hm? Is that it?"
Cross smiled. "Not even remotely. I just wanted to confirm that before asking you
my real question: Why?" Wednesday blinked in shock. "Why are you here? You have money,
you have standing, you have things, period. So, why join Baroque Works, hm? Why would a
pretty girl like you, who has everything, slum it with a nefarious criminal organization?
I'm sure this is a step down from your usual accommodations."
The lady averted her gaze. "I… what… why would you possibly-"
"I want to know," Cross asserted, continuing. "Because tonight, I was attacked by people
acting with the full intent to kill, and as such I'd like to know why. I want some kind of
motivation, I want to know why someone like you would be so willing to kill me. The rest of
these chumps? Easy, they want the paycheck. At least I can understand that idea, if not even
remotely respect it.
"You, though? Like I said, you're loaded. You don't need to lower yourself to base violence to
get rich, cause you already are. So my question stands: why the hell are you here?"
Cross' methods were starting to have a pronounced effect. Wednesday bit her lip, squirming
on the spot, refusing to look at him.
"Was it for the thrill of it?" he demanded. "Were you sick and tired of your safe and secure
lifestyle? Because I'll admit, the rush is incredible. Perhaps simple youthful rebellion? Had
enough of being daddy's little princess all the time, wanting to escape your sheltered life?"
He looked disdainfully at Mister Nine. "I seriously doubt you decided to do it for romance,

especially not with him…" He turned to Mister Eight with a grimace. "And I really hope not
with him."
"MMMPH!" The aforementioned men tried to roar.
"Or maybe…" Cross shot an accusing glare at Wednesday. "You like it don't you?
You like causing pain."
As the young woman's expression turned to one of horror, I finally understood what Cross
was up to. 'He's playing her… trying to get her to willfully break the mask. Brilliant.'
"No…" she breathed numbly.
"That's it, isn't it?" Cross denounced vehemently. "You like hurting people, you like killing
them, hunting them down."
"No, no, no…"
"You like torturing them, ending their lives, gaining their trust and stabbing them in the back
when their guard is down. The entire reason that you're here is that you take pleasure out of
the suffering of others, suffering that you-!"
"NO!"
And just like that, victory. Miss Wednesday was gone, and in her place sat Princess Nefertari
Vivi of Alabasta, breathing hard in equal parts royal fury and honest desperation.
"That is not true!" Vivi spat. "You think I like doing this? You think I enjoyed causing so
much pain? I hate hurting people, I've hated it all my life! Every second I've been part of this
organization, every instant I've worked for it, I've had to fight against every fiber of
my being to keep going! I promise you, there is not one person on the planet who hates
Baroque Works more than I do!"
"Then why join them?!" Cross demanded, getting in Vivi's face. "Why become a part of it,
climb the ranks until you were but inches from the top?! What possible purpose did that
serve?!"
"Espionage, primarily."
"Although I wouldn't be surprised if there was a little sabotage thrown in, too! Kyahaha!"
As Vivi paled in sheer terror, I flinched. I was so engrossed in the moment, I let my guard slip
and didn't sense them coming. We all turned to observe the new arrivals: a dark-skinned man
with short, spiky black dreadlocks in a trenchcoat and shades, and a bubbly young woman
with blonde hair in a yellow, lemon-themed sundress carrying a parasol.
"Honestly now, you've been quite busy…" Miss Valentine grinned. "Haven't you, Miss
Wednesday? Or should I say, Princess Nefertari Vivi of Alabasta?"

Luffy blinked in confusion. "Who the heck are these guys?" Then he twisted his head around
to look at Vivi. "Wait, you're a Princess? For Real?"
Vivi only managed a panicked whimper in response.
"More Baroque Works agents, if I had to guess." Zoro snorted, clutching Wado's hilt.
"Yeah…" Cross grit out darkly. "At a glance, I'm gonna say… Mister Five and Miss… what,
April Fool's Day?"
"Kyahaha!" the woman cackled. "Valentine's Day, actually, but good guess! I'm glad to see
my sunny disposition is so impressionable! Just for that, I'll make your death painless!"
"You should consider yourself lucky." Mister Five grunted. "Usually she likes to take her
sweet time."
"Alright, enough with the pretense." I said, drawing Zangetsu, Zoro mirroring me with Wado
Ichimonji. "What do you want?"
"What we want isn't important." Mister Five sniffed.. "What's important is what our Boss
wants, and what he wants is her majesty's head on a silver platter. Along with her keeper," He
jerked his head at Mister Eight. "Commander Igaram of the Alabasta Royal Guard."
"Of course, seeing as how you all seem to know so much about our organization…" Miss
Valentine grinned like a psychopath. "We'll need to kill you all as well! Kyahahahaha!
Nothing personal!"
"Oh yes, how very reassuring." Cross deadpanned.
Then, Mister Five and Miss Valentine fell into ready positions.
"Now then…" the man started.
"...let's get to work, Kyahaha!" the woman finished.
The duo moved… and promptly jerked in unison, then fell face-first to the ground.
Several of us blinked in confusion. "What in the world…?" Reiju muttered.
"Kyahahaha!" Soundbite cackled. "TOLDJA I SAID something. I just DIDN'T SAY IT to
you!"
"Hey, guys! You alright down there?" Usopp's voice came from the snail.
Cross stared for a moment, then closed his dropped jaw. "That… was genius."
"Thank yoooou!"

"Tch, cocky little shit." Zoro grunted, clicking his sword back into the sheath with a smirk.
"We're fine, Usopp. Nice going."
"Yeah, that was a great shot!" Luffy agreed.
"Uh… y-yeah! Of course it was! After all, 'Master Guns' Usopp always-"
"We know!" Cross groaned. "Look, you can gloat later, when we're out of danger. For now?
Soundbite, crew-wide broadcast."
The snail emitted the usual speaker whine. "You're live!"
"Sanji, drop whatever you're doing and hightail it to the Merry, pronto. Nami, if you're still
onboard, stay there. We need to meet up ASAP." He glanced at Vivi and Igaram. "We have
a lot to talk about."

~BtWwG~​

Once we cut Vivi and Igaram free from their bonds, we spent the next few minutes relocating
to Merry's deck, where the crew had encircled the Alabastan pair.
"Alright, you two." Cross huffed, arms crossed. "Start talking: just what in the blue hell have
we stumbled ass-backwards into?"
Vivi, who had let her hair down into a looser and more comfortable ponytail, hung her head
with a sigh. "How much do you know about the kingdom of Alabasta?"
"Princess!" Igaram protested.
"They just saved our lives, Igaram!" Vivi cut him off firmly. "Even after we tried to kill them.
They have a right to know!"
The Guard Captain hesitated, then slumped his shoulders in surrender.
"We've never heard of it." Nami shrugged.

"Believe it or not, most people from East Blue would be surprised to learn the Grand Line
actually has kingdoms, let alone anyone living here besides pirates." Cross added.
I see…" Vivi nodded slowly. "Well, you have to understand: our home, Alabasta, was once
known as one of, if not the most peaceful nation on the Grand Line."
"Hmm, I notice you're speaking in the past tense…" I spoke.
"In recent years, the country has been wracked with rebellion." Vivi lamented, voice full of
pain and misery. "Not the Revolutionary Army, they've never had any quarrels with us, but a
truly natural one. Riots, uprisings, chaos in general… at first, it appeared like my kingdom,
my home, was tearing itself apart…"
"Until I discoveled- ahem, mah, mah, mah!" Igaram recited hastily. "Until I discovered
rumors about the criminal organization Baroque Works. They have been using their agents to
covertly disseminate unrest amongst the populace, turning the people against the crown. I
attempted to uncover a motive, but… none were forthcoming."
"When I found out about Baroque Works, I came to Igaram for help." Vivi explained. "I
wanted to infiltrate the organization so that I could investigate it from the inside, and discover
both the identity and intentions of their leader."
Zoro whistled. "Damn… that's pretty gutsy for a princess."
"You will address Princess Vivi with respect, you-!" Igaram's bluster was interrupted by Vivi
slapping his arm.
"Igaram!" she huffed. "Apologize to Mister Bushido, now!"
Most of the crew hastily tried to hide our immediate amusement at the nickname.
"Mister Bushido?" Cross grinned, elbowing his side.
"Zoro growled, eye twitching. "Are you…?"
My apologies, Mister Bushido." Igaram spoke, nodding at Zoro.
"THAT'S NOT MY NAME, DAMN IT!" the swordsman roared, the rest of us unable to
contain our laughter now.
"A-A-Anyways, anyways…" Cross stuttered out. "D-Did you manage to figure out what
they're after?"
The good mood soured quickly, and Vivi's expression fell. "Yes, we did. The aim of Baroque
Works, the entire reason they were created, is to conquer Alabasta. They created and
exploited the rebellion, and I need to return home as quickly as possible so that I can expose
the truth, before my people unwittingly throw themselves into Baroque Works' clutches."

"Goodness…" Reiju uttered. "What a harrowing story…"
"So, who's the boss?" Luffy asked eagerly.
"DON'T ASK US THAT!" the Alabastans shouted.
"You must understand, Bawoke- ahem, mah, mah, mah!- Baroque Works prides itself on
secrecy!" Igaram hastily explained. "Mister Zero is already attempting to kill us because we
know his identity! Were we to share it with you, then you would be targets as well!"
"Fine by us!" Nami waved her hands. "We're kinda in over our heads already!!"
"Ah…" I raised a finger. "Aren't we already making ourselves targets merely by associating
with -slash- harboring you?"
"Hush, you! I, for one, do not want to go any deeper into this!"
"I do!" Cross piped up. "This sounds sweet!"
"Bring him on!" Luffy grinned, pounding his fists together.
"Bring him on! Bring him on!" Soundbite parroted.
"I admit, this is rather exciting." Reiju giggled.
"Meh, we can take him." Zoro grunted.
"NO WE CAN'T!" Usopp and Nami roared.
"Look, you're all very strong, you've proven that." Vivi replied placatingly. "But I have to
agree with those two. You're no match for one of the Seven Warlords of the Sea like Sir
Crocodile."
Vivi immediately clapped both hands to her mouth, eyes wide in horror. Not that it mattered,
we all heard it. Usopp even fainted.
"Aaand you just told us anyway…" Zoro deadpanned.
A heavy silence fell upon us, as we all stared at Vivi in shock. Except for Mister Thirteen and
Miss Friday, they just seemed to stare, period, from their spot in the upper deck railing.
…wait a minute.
As the others also noticed the animal pair, they glanced at each other, then Thirteen jumped
on Friday's back, and she took off into the night sky.
"The bird and the otter! Who are they?!" Nami shrieked, shaking Vivi by the collar. "Are they

going to report us?! Well?!"
"I'msorryI'msorryI'msorryI'msorry…" Vivi whimpered, letting Nami shake her, tears
streaming down her mortified face.
"Hear that?" Luffy said excitedly. "One of the Seven Warlords!"
"Yeah, this could be fun." Zoro replied.
"Hmm…" Sanji mused. "Crocodile… usually best prepared from frozen, but I can probably
make do with raw as well."
"Princess, you really need to work on that impulse control." I smirked.
"I'm so sorry…" she moaned, practically half-conscious. "It just slipped out…"
"Slipped out?!" Nami roared. "Now those bastards are going to try and kill us too!" She
finally tossed Vivi aside, then sobbed piteously. "We've only just reached the Grand Line, and
now one of the Warlords wants us dead! This is too much, damn it! What did I ever do to
deserve this?!"
"You want that list chronologically or alphabetically?" Cross offered.
"SHUT THE HELL UP!" She then turned on her heel and marched off with a huff. "Well, I
feel for you both, truly, and I'm sorry, but this is where we part ways! Time to hit the road!
Darling, help me with the sails!"
"Huh? Where we going?" Luffy blinked in confusion.
"Anywhere but here! Those bastards don't know what we look like, so we've still got a chance
to get away. So stop lollygagging and hurry-" Nami cut herself off as we all caught the sound
of pencil on paper.
The Unluckies had returned, with Thirteen drawing furiously on a sketchpad. He showed off
the finished pages, revealing seriously good sketches of the crew, Soundbite included.
"Wow, you're pretty good!" Nami chirped, clapping.
"Really good, actually." I added. "You know, you two could probably make a better living
going island to island as traveling artists, selling caricatures and portraits and such."
The two animal agents shared another look for a few moments, then looked back at me and
shrugged. Then, job done, Thirteen reboarded Friday, and they took off again. Heck, at least
I tried.
"PERFECT, NOW THERE'S NOWHERE LEFT TO RUN!" Nami howled furiously.
"Not quite!" Cross growled, glancing at Soundbite. "Wake him up, now!"

"BWAAAAAAH!!" Soundbite instantly proceeded to blast a foghorn across the deck,
shocking Usopp back to the waking world.
"WhoWhatWhere-?!"
Cross turned Usopp in the Unluckies' direction. "Bogeys at 12-o'clock, priority target, shoot
them down, now now now!"
Never should there be any doubt in Usopp's place on the crew, and especially not now. Within
mere moments, our sniper snapped his goggles down, whipped up his slingshot, loaded, took
aim, and fired. An instant later, with a faint squawk in the distance, the Unluckies jerked in
the sky and plummeted.
"Nicely done." Cross sighed, patting Usopp on the shoulder.
"Uh… thanks, I think?" Usopp blinked. "What just happened?"
"You just got us off scott-free!" Nami squeed. "Usopp, if you were anyone else, I'd kiss you!"
"...I'll take it."
"Not so fast, sweetheart." I interjected. "Sadly, it's not so easy. Firstly, we already messed
with Baroque Works by taking out the whole town. I don't think you'd be comfortable with
killing off everyone here for secrecy, right?"
"Ahh…"
"Secondly…" Cross continued. "You're sailing with the loudest snail in the world, who now
knows one of the most dangerous secrets in the world."
"CROC-O-DILE, CROC-O-DILE, Mister ZERO is CROC-O-DILE!" Soundbite confirmed
instantly.
Nami scowled at the sound snail. "I am so tempted to eat you right now…"
"Forget it, Nami." Zoro smirked. "The fact is, one way or another? We're on Baroque Works'
hitlist."
"Sounds like fun to me!" Luffy grinned.
"We're gonna diiiieee…" Nami moaned, slumping to the deck.
"Hey, none of that now." I spoke sharply, kneeling down and pinching her cheek for a
moment, till she slapped my hand away. "You know how I operate, what I can do. Nobody's
dying on my watch, least of all you. Got it?"
Nami locked eyes with me, then smiled and nodded. "Yeah, got it."

~BtWwG~​

After Igaram made his heartfelt plea to take Vivi home, with Luffy agreeing and Nami not
penny-pinching a royal (soothed by the 70 Million Beri pilfered from the town), Igaram
revealed his plan. He would act as a decoy to draw off any initial pursuit, letting us try to get
away scott free. If only he hadn't felt it necessary to disguise himself as Vivi, rather than one
of the dummies.
"Well, that was terrifying." Sanji grit out, shotgunning a pair of cigarettes.
"Oh hush, little brother." Reiju chided. "It takes a real man to publicly wear a dress, as it
were."
"If you say so…"
"Hey…" Cross got Vivi's attention. "Listen… about what I said earlier? I'm really sorry about
all that. I was coming off an adrenaline high, and something didn't feel right about all this,
so…"
"No no, it's fine." Vivi placated. "You weren't in a right state of mind, it's alright. Honestly,
I'm grateful. If you hadn't made me break character then, it wouldn't have happened until it
was too late." She smiled gratefully. "Without you, neither Igaram or I would still be alive."
*BOOM-FWOOSH*
As if it were timed, the horizon was replaced by fire. Seriously, what the entire fuck did
Robin use to get this result? At the same time, I reached out, and felt Igaram's presence.
Likely unconscious, but still alive. Somehow.
"THEY GOT TO HIM ALREADY?!" Usopp shrieked.
"What kind of monsters are these people?" Sanji breathed, dropping his cigarettes.
"Hooooly SHIT." Soundbite hissed in agreement.

"Damn it…" Luffy snorted. "I LIKED THAT GUY!"
"Nami, the Log Pose?" Zoro demanded.
"I-It's all set." she stammered.
"Good, bring it! We're setting sail, right now!" Zoro turned and ran back to town. Most of us
made to follow… save one.
"Vivi, come on!" Nami shook Vivi, trying to snap her out of it. "We need to get out of here, if
they find us-" She stopped, noticing a line of blood trailing down Vivi's too-tight lip. The
navigator wrapped her in a hug, rubbing her back soothingly. "It's alright! We'll definitely get
you to Alabasta, I swear it! I realize the crew may be unassuming at first, but we saved the
East Blue, all on our own! One of the Seven Warlords?" She scoffed. "That's nothing!"
Cross noticed Vivi still staring with dead-eyes, and stepped in. "Don't look at it, Vivi, don't
even think about it. Think about Alabasta, about your friends and family, about every reason
you have to stay alive. Think about making those bastards pay!"
Finally, Vivi snapped out of her stupor, forcing herself to look away. "C-Carue… w-w-we
can't leave without Carue! He's my Supersonic Duck, we lost track of each other in the fight!
I-I've known him my whole life, I can't leave without him!"
"Soundbite?" Cross questioned the snail.
He listened and blinked in surprise. "Hiding on THE MERRY!"
"Of course! It must be the last place he thought you'd ever look!"
"Well, come on!" Nami spun Vivi around and gave her a shove. "No time to waste, we need
to move, now!"
Vivi spared one last glance at the inferno behind us, then took off at speed, the rest of us right
on her heels. About a minute of running, and we got back aboard Merry, the others
scrambling to set the sails, and Vivi hugging her oversized duck.
"I'm so happy you're safe, Carue!" she mumbled into his feathers. "I… I can't imagine what
I'd do if I lost you too!"
Carue rubbed her back soothingly with one wing as he opened his beak. "Qua - on't ever
leave you, I pwomise!"
"Thank you, Carue." Vivi sniffed. "You have no idea how much that means to-!"
She, and everyone else, immediately froze, processing what the hell we just witnessed.
"YOU CAN TALK?!" Most everyone jumped in shock.

"I CAN TAWK?!" Carue quacked in agreement.
It was taking all of my considerable willpower to not bust a gut or even keep a straight face,
as I wasn't supposed to know why this was funny. Cross, on the other hand"PFFHAHAHAHAHA!"
He had no such control, or chose not to exercise it. He rolled on the deck, laughing his fool
head off, along with Soundbite.
"WHAT THE HELL IS SO FUNNY?!" everyone else roared.
"D-DUCK! DUCK! PFFHAHAHAHAAA!!"
"WHAT'S WONG WITH ME BEING A DUCK?!" Carue snapped.
"N-N-NO!" Cross managed through his howling. "D-D-DONALD! DONALD DUCK! YYOU'RE SPEAKING IN DONALD DUCK'S VO-O-OICE, HAHAHAHAAA!"
"Who the hell is Donald Duck?!" Nami demanded.
"A-A comedian back home!" he wheezed. "H-He played this guy with a make-believe DuckZoan Devil Fruit! His recordings are cla-a-assics! C-Carue's speaking in his voice, it's…
HAHAHA! Oh man, it's like my childhood is speaking to me!"
"B-But how is that possible?!" Vivi stammered.
"I believe the culprit is pretty obvious." Reiju snickered, looking directly at Soundbite.
The baby transponder took a moment to get his laughter under control, and nodded eagerly.
"IM TRANSLATING for HIM! I'M being creative! I'm halping!"
"Srkt… n-nice work, Soundbite!" Cross wheezed, getting back to his feet. "That's exactly
what I'm talking about!"
"Weww, thanks for letting me shpeak and everything." Carue said, before scowling and
flapping in frustration. "But does it weally have ta be in thish voish?!"
"YES!" I joined Cross, Soundbite and Luffy in yelling.
"Man, your duck's great, Vivi!" Luffy cackled.
"Say 'she sells sea shells' PFFHAHAHA!" Cross roared.
That set Carue off into -pffft- the Donald Rage Quacks! I couldn't help myself this time as I
joined Cross in maddened laughter.
"OH WOULD YOU SHAD-UACK!"

All of a sudden, Carue went right back into traditional squawking. "What the…? Soundbite,
why did yo- SOUNDBITE?!" Cross yelled in shock, staring at his pointedly unoccupied
shoulder.
"Oh crap, where the hell did he go?!" I exclaimed.
"I don't know!" Cross began patting himself down desperately. "ShitShitShitShit…"
"Maybe he fell off while he was laughing?"
…that wasn't one of us.
I turned around, Cross mirroring me. It's official, my spirit senses are not reliable enough to
take the place of Observation. One day, maybe, I'll roll the damn thing. That being said, right
on cue, sitting upon the upper deck's railing, clad in cowboy hat and revealing uniform, was
the last child of Ohara.
Wanted for 79 Million Beri.
'Devil Child' Nico Robin.
"Hello there." Robin purred. "I'm Miss All-Sunday. Pleased to meet you."

Chapter End Notes

And a belated Merry Christmas to ya, chucklenutzes! Hope you've been enjoying the
holiday so far. Me, well it could be better. I've been messing about replaying RDR2,
grinding the requirements to get the Legend of the East Satchel, and the Challenges after
that to level the Cores up, all in early Chapter Two. And it feels like the game is fucking
FIGHTING ME. Basically, frustration station. Not quite as fun as Conjunction Junction,
amiright?
Anyway, next chapter, it's Robin Time!
...eh, not nearly as cool-sounding as Gorod Time.

Chapter 17: We're On The Road To V̷i̷r̷i̷d̷ i̷a̷n̷ ̷C̷i̷t̷ y̷ Little Garden
My first thought was along the lines of, 'God dammit, why is Robin so fucking hot? That is
very distracting, and I am in a relationship, and shut up horny-lizard-brain!'
My second thought went something like, 'Oh crap, she did something to Soundbite. I gotta
make sure Cross doesn't do anything rash.'
However, while I was distracted by those thoughts, Cross had already started talking, and his
downright caustic diatribe could be summed up as, 'Where the hell is my snail, you bitch?'
Christ, dude…
Robin cocked an eyebrow, but otherwise looked studiously disinterested. "Well now, that was
quite a rude greeting."
"CROSS!" Sanji snarled, stomping toward him. "How dare you speak to a woman like
that?!"
"I don't care if she's Miss goddamn Universe, she just did something to Sound-ACK!"
Whatever rant Cross would have made was suddenly cut short, and he began scrabbling at his
throat.
"Mister Jeremiah?" Vivi asked in concern. "Mister Jeremiah, what's wrong?!"
"Oh, nothing much, really." Robin said, unconcerned. "He's just learning a lesson on manners
is all."
Y'know what, screw this. Future nakama or no, I wasn't gonna let Robin choke out Cross. I
focused my reiatsu and hit her with some localized Spiritual Pressure, simultaneously
throwing her off and catching her attention.
"Let him go." I intoned, pointing directly at her. "Or else I'll hit you with my patented
'Butcher Blade Finger Poke of Doom'."
Robin's surprise didn't last long, and she smirked amusedly. "'Finger Poke of Doom'? My,
how terrifying…" Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed her growing limbs on me, so I acted.
"Hado #1: Shō!" A small amount of energy left my fingertip, delivering a burst of kinetic
force to Robin's front, bowling her over with a rather adorable squeak. This broke her
concentration, causing her flowered limbs to dissipate, thus giving Cross his breath back.
"Th…Thank you…" Cross wheezed. "Crazy…bloody… demon-witch."
"Got that right!" came a familiar mix of voices from Cross' hood. He quickly reached in and
pulled out Soundbite, none the worse for wear. "Thought you could SILENCE ME?! Bitch,

please!"
"Oh, thank god!" Cross sighed, setting the snail back on his shoulder.
"Hmph…" Robin sniffed, back on her feet and placing her hat back on. "Well now, it seems
you're a rather interesting crew after all." She leaned up against the railing. "And such a nice
ship, too."
"Enough games!" Vivi exclaimed. "What are you doing here, Miss All-Sunday?!"
"Ah, yes, Miss Wednesday." Robin smirked. "I do believe I ran into your friend Mister Eight
a little while ago."
"So you did kill Igaram!"
"Wait… this wouldn't possibly be Mister Zero's partner, then?" Reiju asked.
"That's right." Vivi nodded. "She's the only one who knew the boss' identity, so we followed
her, and found out for ourselves."
"Actually, I allowed you to follow me." Robin added.
"Yes, I know that! Then you went and told him that we learned his secret identity!"
"Well, you just seemed so earnest, that I felt I just had to help you. A princess doing whatever
it would take to help her country while making herself an enemy of Baroque Works. The idea
was just so… pathetic."
"You here looking for a fight, or what?" I demanded, as Vivi began seething harder.
"Not at all. For the record, I'm not here on assignment. I've no reason to fight you, I merely
wished to talk. The only reason I took your little snail was that I didn't want him noticing me
before I was ready."
"SHE-WITCH, SHE-WITCH!" Soundbite sneered.
Robin chuckled. "Still, no matter how much interest you promise, your luck is even worse.
You're all being hunted by Baroque Works because you befriended a princess, whose only
protection now is your pirate crew. Though of course…" Her grin widened. "Your next
destination is the worst luck of all. Little Garden. One of the few islands on the Grand Line
that guarantees I needn't bother with killing you. After all, you'll never be a threat to Baroque
Works ever again."
"SAYS YOU!" Luffy roared, shaking a fist.
"Says me, indeed. Unless of course…" A sudden blur from Robin's side heralded an object
tossed toward Vivi, who just barely caught it.

"What ish it?" Carue asked.
"This is… an eternal pose!" Vivi gasped in surprise.
"That's right." Robin nodded, her smile just shy of evil. "That pose leads to Nanimonai
Island, just one stop away from Alabasta. It's a route that even our Agents don't know about,
so nobody will follow you."
"Wait…" Nami blinked in confusion. "So she's helping us?"
"But why would you give this to us?!" Vivi demanded.
"It's probably a trap." Zoro posited blandly.
"More like she's toying with us." Cross spoke.
Eitha' way, I don't twust her as faw as I can thwow her…" Carue grumbled, giving Robin the
evil eye.
"D-D-Ditto…" Usopp gulped. Soundbite only growled and snarled like a rabid hound.
As Vivi silently contemplated the Eternal Pose, Luffy walked up and snatched it out of her
hands with a huff. "Who asked you?!" Then, he effortlessly crushed the Pose in his grip.
Within a second, Nami kicked him square in the face. "ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR DAMN
MIND?!"
"Is she sewious?" Carue hissed out of the corner of his beak.
"Hard to tell…" Usopp replied.
"CRAM IT!" she roared at the two, making them cower. "And you! She just gave us an easy
out! What if she was actually helping us?!"
"Doesn't matter!" Luffy scowled. "She doesn't get to decide what course we take for us!"
Well, that shut everyone up. Made most of us re-evaluate our opinions on Luffy, I'm sure.
"But… I… ah…" Nami stammered helplessly.
"Captain's orders, Nami." Cross grinned, clapping her on the shoulder. "Wouldn't wanna be
accused of mutiny, would you?"
"Yeah, Nami." Zoro suddenly appeared on her other side and mirrored Cross. "You do know
what the traditional punishment for mutiny is, right?"
"STRING her UP! STRING her UP!" Soundbite crowed with a chortle.
"Don't look at me, sweetheart." I shrugged, when she glanced at me. "You know they're

right."
"But-But-But-But-!" Nami sputtered, before scowling and slapping both men upside the
head. "Jerks!" she huffed, stomping away with a luminescent blush and absolutely adorable
pout.
Cross snickered. "Is it just me, or does she make things too easy sometimes?
"FUN fun fun FUN!" Soundbite nodded.
"Her reactions are so cute." I sighed.
"Ah well…" Robin strutted to the side of the Merry. "That's just too bad. There's really
nothing I can do to convince you otherwise?"
"No way!" Luffy stuck his tongue out in protest. "You blew up the roller guy, so I don't like
you!"
"OH SHUT IT, WILL YOU?!" Nami snarled, chopping Luffy in the head.
"Oh, that's alright, I don't mind." Robin chuckled. "I've heard worse. We'll meet again one
day, Straw Hat Luffy. If you survive, anyway."
"I hope we don't." Luffy snorted. Heh, you say that now, Captain. Wait till Alubarna.
With one last chuckle, Robin vaulted over the side, and out of sight. Cross and I went over to
look, and saw Robin settle into a shaded sofa on the back of a giant turtle with a cowboy hat
and lit cigarette.
"Let's go, Bunchi." she ordered, the turtle giving a snort in response.
"HEY!" Cross piped up, catching Robin's attention.
"We will meet again, 'Miss All-Sunday'." he promised. "And after we do, one day," He
indicated his neck. "I will get you back for this."
Robin blinked in surprise, then smiled in challenge. "Is that so?"
Cross gave a wide grin of his own. "Depend on it."
Robin's grin widened a hint more, then she turned and gave a non-verbal command to
Bunchi, causing him to take off.
"And just how do you intend to get back at her then, JC?" I asked, eyebrow raised.
"...Yeah, I have absolutely no idea." he admitted. "Yet."
"Woooow, cool turtle." Luffy spoke with awe. "A big one, too!"

"Argh!" Vivi growled in frustration. "That woman is almost as secretive as Crocodile. I just
wish I knew what her game was."
"If I had to guess…" Cross began. "I'm going to say… baccarat?"
I snorted, but Carue really got a kick out of it, his squawky-cackling only stopping when Vivi
leveled a cold glare at him. "What? That wush funny!"
"Thank you, thank you, I'll be here forever!" Cross mockingly bowed.
"You've been warned, people!" Soundbite quoted, grinning.
"Oh great." I rolled my eyes, smirking. "We can rest easy knowing the crew has a traveling
comedy act."
"You KNOW YOU love it!"
"At any rate…" Nami patted Vivi on the back consolingly. "She's gone for now, and we
probably won't have to deal with her until we reach Alabasta. There's no use worrying about
it till then, right?"
Vivi chewed her lip sadly for a moment, but nodded in agreement.
"Besides," Zoro scoffed. "It's not like this is anything new for us. We deal with scheming
women on a daily basis."
"Oh San~ji…"
"At once, Nami-swan~!"
*THWACK*
"OW!"
"DON'T SAY SUCH THINGS ABOUT NAMI-SWAN, MOSS-HEAD!"
"EAT THE CRAP YOU COOK AND DIE, SHIT-CHEF!"
"Ish it always this cwazy awound heeyah?" Carue asked, as some of us couldn't help laughing
at the idiot show.
"Sadly, yes." Reiju confirmed, sighing.
"Ah… excuse me?" Vivi spoke up hesitantly, causing the commotion to come to a halt. "I… I
just want to apologize for all of this. I'm… I'm putting you all in danger just by being here,
so…"

"Excuse me?" Nami huffed, poking Vivi's forehead. "The reason we're in danger is because
of what you said. If you didn't want us to be in danger, then you should've kept your mouth
shut about Crocodile."
Vivi flinched and looked away in embarrassment. "I said I was sorry…"
"Yeah, yeah, whatever." Nami rolled her eyes with a smile. "You're just lucky I made a deal
with Igaram, and I always make sure to pay back my deals."
"LIES!" Most of the crew (sans Luffy and Sanji) countered.
"OH, SHUT UP!" Nami snarled back. "I might skew deals in my favor every once in a while,
but I still fulfill them!"
"Ehhh, I don't know, Sweetheart." I shrugged, smirking. "'Once in a while' does seem to come
around pretty often…" Zoro snickered in response.
Nami flipped us both off, then gave Vivi another smile. "Still, you don't need to worry about
a thing. We'll get you home no matter what. Right, Luffy?"
"Hey, Sanji, I'm hungry! Cook us dinner!"
"You just ate, shitty Captain!"
"So?"
"Urrrgh…"
However, as we'd been up all night (to midnight, in fact), we decided that as Sanji made
Luffy a midnight snack, the rest of us would sail the Merry a fair distance from Whisky Peak,
drop anchor, and catch some shut-eye.

~BtWwG~​

"QUAWAWAWAAAACK!"

That noise, followed by a ruckus from the Men's Quarters wall, snapped me awake, Nami
stirring awake beside me. Both of us still clad in pajamas, of course, we weren't exhibitionists
over here. I'll introduce the Tent later on, when it's needed. Reiju also awoke in one of the
other two beds. Vivi's was empty.
"What in the world is going on…?" Reiju muttered.
"I don't know, but the excuse better be good…" Nami grumbled. "It is way too early for this
shit, I know it."
She led the way for us up through the already-open storage room hatch, and out to the deck.
"Mm… what's with all the racket?" she groaned.
"Ah, good morning, Nami-swan!" Sanji gushed. "I'm on my way to make breakfast, would
you like anything special?"
"Uh…? No, I think I'm good…" She turned to Vivi, incredulous. "Wait, Vivi, you
were actually serious about waking up at this hour?!"
"Of course I was!" Vivi stated. "I mean, this is the Grand Line! It's dangerous out here! We
can't underestimate it for even a moment!"
I rolled my eyes. "Cross, Soundbite, status report?"
The young man glanced at his snail, who shook his head. "Nothing to report here. No
icebergs, or anything." Nami sighed in relief.
"There won't be any more icebergs!" Vivi huffed. "Or at least nothing as psychotic as the trip
to Whisky Peak! That stretch of ocean is insane from the multiple conflicting magnetic fields.
Nonetheless, the Grand Line is still treacherous! You can't risk relaxing, even for a moment!"
"Aw, come on!" Usopp scoffed. "What's the worst that could happen?"
"Hail Murphy, Father of Chaos," I quietly prayed. "I beg thee ignore him, for he knows not
what he says…"
"Breakfast is ready!" Sanji announced, sweeping out of Merry's kitchen, brandishing an array
of dishes with an incredible level of balance.
"Suh-weet!" Cross crowed, grabbing for a plate. "Thank you, love cook!"
"Actually, this is yours." Sanji handed him a plate with double the bacon, and a bowl of
greens (for Soundbite, probably).
"Ehhh?" Luffy whined. "C'mon, how come Cross gets more meat?"
"Because Crocus said Cross needs plenty of protein to help fix him, that's why!" Sanji
barked, then handed Luffy a plate with even more bacon. "Besides, you're getting plenty as-

is."
"WOOHOO!" Luffy cheered, taking the food and a drink to his special seat.
As everyone started lazing about, chilling and eating breakfast, Vivi just looked around like
we were crazy. "A-Are they supposed to be doing that?!" she demanded.
"I don't see why not." Nami shrugged, savoring a fresh bagel. "These guys are all pretty
smart, they'll jump to it if something comes up. Here, have something to eat, you must be
famished." She offered up an extra plate and glass.
Vivi would have protested, but her stomach protested first with a growling noise. She blushed
and accepted the plate. "Well… alright. B-But I'm still not sure about this…"
"I know, but… come on!" Nami grinned, waving out over the deck. "Look around you."
"Hey, Usopp, do you think you can make us some fishing gear?" Luffy asked, inhaling his
crispy pork strips.
"Yeah, some fishing gear would be useful…" Zoro mused.
"It would be nice to ensure we have an emergency food source, in case our Captain is
incapable of controlling his appetite." Reiju jabbed. Cross nodded in agreement.
"No worries!" Usopp assured. "I'll whip up some high-quality deluxe fishing rods before you
know it!"
"Hey Carue, you're a duck, you ever fished before?" Sanji asked.
"Nah, not weally." Carue shrugged. "I was waised in the pawace awongside Vivi and the west
of the Supahsonic Duck Squawdwon. Nevah weally had da chance, ya know?"
Soundbite grinned cheekily. "Oh, so you were HOUSE-?"
"Watch it, you!"
"Doesn't a ship like this, and friends like these…" Nami grinned a little brighter. "Make your
cares melt away?"
Vivi silently considered us for a moment, then sighed and let herself smile. "Yeah… yeah, I
guess it's a little relaxing…"
"That's the spirit, Vi." I nodded, munching on some perfectly cooked bacon. "Enjoy the little
things."
"Hey guys, look!" Luffy announced. "The sun's coming up!"
Moving quickly, we all joined Luffy at the prow, gazing over the horizon and watching as the

sun peaked over it.
"Wow…" Vivi breathed in awe. "That's beautiful…"
"Yeah…" Cross nodded. "I mean, check out the way the sunlight is refracting off the- wait…"
He blinked in confusion. "Those aren't clouds… is that fog?"
Nami shaded her eyes and narrowed them. "Um… I… don't think so? Looks like… mist?
How the heck-?"
Then suddenly, and without warning, Soundbite began thrashing about and wailing alarms.
"AWOOGA! AWOOGA! Mayday, mayday! TURN AROUND! 360 Degrees! GO GO
GO! Danger, Will Robinson, danger!"
Cross looked at the snail in confusion. "Soundbite, what the hell are you-?!"
"SHUT UP AND LISTEN, FOOL!"
Cross promptly slid his earphones on… then jumped at whatever he just heard. "Oh, no way
in hell…"
"Cross, what do you hear?" Reiju asked with concern.
The Commie scrambled to Merry's rigging, clambering his way up to the crow's nest,
grabbing the spyglass to check the horizon. This didn't seem to be right, the only real
weirdness I recall was… a giant dolphin, I think?
"Guuuuys…" Cross started. "The anchor is still down, right?"
"Yeah, why?" Sanji asked, dread in his voice.
"LONG-NOSE and CROSS JINXED US!"
"Wait, what is he talking about?" Usopp puzzled.
"Weeeeell…" Cross slid back down the rigging to the deck. "Remember when you asked,
'what's the worst that can happen'?"
"Yeeeaaah?"
"And remember what I told Vivi would get me out of bed?"
Everyone who had been in the men's room paled in horror.
"N-No way…" Vivi stammered.
"You can't be serious…" Sanji whimpered.
"Er… for the sake of those not present…" Reiju spoke nervously. "What did you say would

get you out of bed?"
Cross offered Nami the spyglass. "Us falling over the ends of the earth." he said flatly.
Nami swiped the spyglass and snapped it to full length. As she stared at the horizon and the
blood left her face, it clicked to me what mysterious fog and 'falling over the edge' could
mean.
"WE'RE HEADING STRAIGHT FOR A WATERFALL!" Nami shrieked in horror.
"Ah…" I started with dread. "Considering Merry is still anchored, I do believe
the waterfall is coming to us." So even one throwaway scene from the Believe Opening can
happen. Spectacular.
"Not helping." Nami snapped, with an air of eerie calm. "Zoro, Luffy, weigh anchor. Sanji,
Reiju, man the whipstaff. Usopp, Evan, drop the mainsail. Cross and Vivi, the mizzen. Carue,
please avoid getting underfoot."
When everyone failed to move, I stepped in. "YOU HEARD THE LADY, NOW MOVE
MOVE MOVE!" I barked.
"RIGHT!" Everyone chorused, rushing to man their posts. For the better part of an hour
(which was almost all of it), the Going Merry was an unholy madhouse while we wrestled
furiously with the ocean, fighting tooth and nail to outstrip the inexplicable and
massive hole in the water that seemed to be actively chasing us. It helped when I got the
brilliant idea to use Hado #22: Reppūsho multiple times to add extra wind to the sails, even
if it drained me something fierce. At long last, after far too much rowing and spellcasting, we
finally managed to escape, floating placidly on a calmer expanse of water, the crew scattered
about, exhausted.
"Say, Vivi…" Cross wheezed, limp upon the Merry's railing. "What was that you said…
something about 'ready to move at any moment…?'"
"Please shut up…" Vivi moaned, massaging her throbbing muscles.
"Anyone else want to point out an impending danger so we can get our panicking over with
now rather than later?" Nami groaned, shooting a glare at Cross, who raised his hands in
surrender.
"Nope!"
"NO thanks!"
"No…"
"Fuck that noise!"
"Not at all, Nami-swan!"

"Mm-mm."
"Cross is gonna be Third Mate."
"I'm good…"
"Perfect…" Nami slumped to the floor in relief.
Then we all realized what Luffy just said. "SAY WHAT?!" we all hollered at him in
confusion.
Luffy shrugged, giving us a big grin. "Cross is gonna be our Third Mate! Oh, and out
taciturnician! Ah, right, and Nami's Second Mate!"
"I… think you meant 'tactician'...?" Cross corrected, before double taking. "Wait, what?!
Tactician?! I thought I was the Commi-unications Officer?!" I smirked a bit at Cross' slipup.
"Yeah, you are." Luffy nodded. "But you're pretty smart at figuring out plans too, so you'll be
doing that as well!"
Cross looked like he would protest, then seemed to recall something. "Can't cook, can't lie,
can't navigate…" he muttered to himself. The others stiffened in shock, then relaxed as they
understood. "So… you're not mad about me giving orders?"
"Nah! It's not like you're trying to be the captain, right?"
"Oh, hell no!" Cross shook his head frantically. "Even if I had that kind of delusion, the
others would be liable to lynch me if I even thought of mutiny!"
"Then it's alright! You're good at making plans, so I'm just gonna let you keep making them!"
The rubberman made sense. It didn't happen often, but he had his moments.
"Hold on!" Nami spoke up. "What about me being Second Mate and him being Third?! Do
you even know what those positions mean?"
"Uh, yeah?" Luffy tilted his head in confusion. "Third Mate is fourth in command, Second
Mate is third in command, and First Mate is second. Which doesn't make a lot of sense to me,
but-!"
"She means…!" Cross piped up. "Why are you giving us those positions? I mean, Nami
makes sense, she gives us a ton of orders -for good reason- all the time, so she's obviously
held the position unofficially for a while now, but… but me?! How in the heck do I count as
Third?!"
Luffy tilted his head again. "Well… why not you? I mean…" He looked over the rest of us
questioningly. "Anyone not alright with it?"

Usopp puffed out his chest. "I may be the fourth person to join the crew, but The Great Sniper
Usopp shall gracefully abdicate the position! You may thank me appropriately at a later date."
"Eh, so long as you do your job, I guess." Sanji shrugged. "But if you screw up, I'll boot you
out of it so fast your head will spin."
Nami sighed heavily. "Talking Luffy out of anything is beyond futile as it is, no reason to add
to it." She grinned cattily. "Besides, I suppose things could be worse."
"Hey, you have my vote." I nodded. "I'm not so sure of my own leadership skills anyway."
"I have no problems either." Reiju agreed.
Zoro… just stared at Cross.
…
For a little longer than necessary…
"Oh, come on, Zoro." I admonished. "Quit razzing the guy."
"Yeah, trying to imitate Crocus won't do you any good." Cross said, voice barely wavering.
That got Zoro to nod firmly. "Don't screw this up." he grunted positively. He then slumped
against the Merry's railing, arms being his head, and fell asleep in moments.
Cross shrugged helplessly. "Well… I guess that's it then, huh? Alright then, so be it. I accept.
Thanks, Luffy, a lot."
"Shishishi!" Luffy chuckled impishly. "No problem!"
"Wait a minute, I'm confused." Vivi hesitated. "If Mister Jeremiah is Third and Nami is
Second, then… who's First?"
"Zoro." the crew chorused, pointing out the snoring swordsman.
Vivi's eye twitched, before a grin slowly spread on her face. "You know… somehow, that
doesn't surprise me in the least.
Thus, with the sharing of laughs, we re-set the sails, and sailed off to our next island. Not that
we were getting there fast. Something Oda did not convey in his work… was the travel time.
And there was a lot of it. Silver lining, we had our more peaceful days, but some days I had a
few more interesting things to write about in the Chronicle… aaand some not…

~BtWwG~​

"Nami?" I called out, seeing her leaned against the railing one evening, rubbing her temples
hard. "Sweetheart, are you alright?"
"Hm? Oh, yeah, I'm good." she smiled slightly. "I'm just… stressing out hard right now. All
this Baroque Works business, and occasionally some of the crew's stupider antics… It's a lot."
"Want me to help you relieve some of that stress?" I asked, rubbing her tense shoulders. "I
may be a total amateur, but my mom was a massage therapist and gave me a few pointers for
just such an occasion."
"Mmm…" Nami sighed. "Stress relief, huh…?" Her eyes brightened, and her grin got…
dangerous. "Actually, I know just how you can 'massage' me. Come on." she took me by the
hand, and began leading me toward the storage room oh dear. "I'm sure we can convince
Reiju and Vivi to give us the room for a few hours, if not the night!"
"Woah, hold up!" I said, halting her. "I'm as eager to take you to bed as you are me, but we
have a big problem in the way."
"Huh? Yeah, I know I can get a little loud, but I do have some restraint. We shouldn't have to
worry about being overheard."
"I'm pretty sure he means ME." Soundbite spoke remotely, causing Nami to freeze. "I
can't exactly SHUT THIS power off, and I'd rather not hear my
fellow crew BOINKING, thanks very much."
"Or you using anything you hear against us later." I added.
"...heh, YEAH, THAT too."
"You've got to be kidding me!" Nami lamented. "I can't even have sex with my boyfriend on
my own ship to destress?!"
"Ah, I never said it wasn't possible…"
I brought Nami to the women's quarters, taking the Tent along with me, and setting it up
where there was some space.
"... you have a magical sex tent, and you had to choose 'Erect' as its magic word?" Reiju

asked, eyes twinkling in amusement.
"It's not…" I hesitated, then hung my head in defeat. "Okay, I suppose that's what it's gonna
be used for thanks to Soundbite's eavesdropping-"
"Bite me!"
"-but I didn't pick the word, it came with the tent. I guess my system has a sense of humor."
"Are… you not concerned that your power might be somewhat sentient?" Vivi asked in mild
alarm.
"Nah. It hasn't steered me wrong yet, so I-" My words got cut off as Nami grabbed my chin
and directed my gaze into her stern eyes.
"Darling… how long have you had this thing?" she asked calmly.
"Uhhh… since just before you guys came back to the ship with Cross." I answered hesitantly.
"And you didn't think to tell me we had a private room with magic soundproofing we could
have used all this time?!"
I raised my hands in surrender. "Hey, that night back in Cocoyashi was spectacular, but I
didn't want to rush you into having sex again. Our relationship is still somewhat new,
remember?"
Nami blinked for a moment, then smiled warmly. "Well, if nothing else, I do appreciate your
courtesy. That being said…" Her eyelids half-closed, and she pointed to the tent entrance.
"You. In. NOW."
"Yes'm" I moved quickly into the tent to get ready.
"You two." Nami indicated Reiju and Vivi. "Do not disturb us for a few hours, unless we
are actively about to die. Got it?" Vivi nodded quickly.
"Alternatively…" Reiju demurred seductively. "You might have room for one more? If you
like?"
Nami gave her an unamused look. "And why exactly should I share my man with you?" she
asked dryly.
Reiju's saucy smirk widened. "Who said I only wanted him?"
Nami blushed deeply, then laughed nervously. "No thanks! I'm keeping Evan to myself
tonight, kaythanksbye!" With that, she disappeared into the tent, zipping it behind her.
"Ufufufufu…" Reiju tittered. "She is so much fun to tease."

~BtWwG~​

You know, you girls are lucky." Cross stated, grinning widely.
"Oh yeah?" Nami queried, her grin an even match. "How so?"
"Tell me, have you heard the word 'hentai' before?"
"I… might have picked up one or two such magazines in the past…" Vivi whistled innocently
through her own grin.
"One or two dozen more wike!" Carue snickered, munching some popcorn he'd found.
"HA!" I barked. "The Princess is not so innocent after all, huh?"
"Oh hush, both of you!"
Reiju laughed. "Indeed, I know exactly what you mean. This is far more pleasant though…
for most of us, at least."
"HOW'S IT GOING, LUFFY?" Usopp managed to call out through his laughter.
"WILL YOU GUYS - OW! - STOP LAUGHING AND - AGH! - SAVE ME ALREADY?!"
the Captain howled above us, being poked, prodded and stretched by a mass of tentacles.
Said tentacles were also easily avoiding his wild punches and kicks. "THESE THINGS
STING LIKE - YEOWCH! - HECK, AND I'M NOT AN - OWOWOWOWOW! - TOY!"
"Should we save him?" Zoro chuckled, hand on his swords.
"Eh, I don't know…" Sanji mused, failing to properly smoke through his own laughter. "I
think the tentacles could stand to be a little more tenderized."
"Five more minutes, just five more minutes!" Cross begged breathlessly. "That bastard's eaten
my bodyweight in my own food since I joined, this is the most therapeutic thing I've ever
seen!"

"YEEHAW! RIDE 'EM COW-PIRATE!" Soundbite whooped.
"JERKS!"

ping!

Ah! My next roll is ready. As the crew continued to amuse themselves with Luffy's current
misfortune, I took myself into storage for a moment, and observed my new list.

You have earned an item roll!​

1. Pig Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
2. Enkidu (Fate)​
3. R.L.S. Legacy (Disney's Treasure Planet)​
4. The Aegis [Pyra/Mythra] (Xenoblade Chronicles 2)​
5. Star Sapphire Gem (DC)​
6. Observation Haki, Intermediate (One Piece)​
7. Plasma Gun (Fallout)​
8. UNSC Grizzly-class Supertank (Halo)​
9. Invisibility Cloak (Harry Potter)​
10. Armbands of Shiva (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
11. White Chakra Blade (Naruto)​
12. Skyranger (XCOM 2)​
13. Atlantean Helmet (DC)​
14. Cavaliere (Devil May Cry)​
15. The Flying Dutchman, Uncursed (Disney's PotC)​
16. NZT-48 (Limitless)​
17. The Well (Doom)​
18. Fragarach (Fate)​
19. Asauchi [Nameless Zanpakuto] (Bleach)​
20. Bow of Ra (DC)​

That is not a bad lineup. Not at all. I even had a chance to get Observation here, conveniently
enough. I tossed my hardlight D20, and watched it roll to a stop on 14.

Cavaliere (Devil May Cry)

A heavyweight vehicle/weapon born of a black motorcycle infused with the parts and
demonic power of Cavaliere Angelo. It can function as a normal motorcycle, or split
into a pair of massive buzzsaw-like twin swords. Even Dante can't explain how he put
this damn freak show together! Can handle most any kind of terrain. Runs on its own
demonic power, so no need for fuel!​

Huh. It's no Observation, but it could be useful later, so I'll save my reroll. The D20 vanished,
and I got another message window.

Cavaliere has been deposited on board the Doom Fortress for safe keeping!

'Ah, very convenient!' I turned to rejoin my fellows in watching the best show I've seen all
week. Then I paused, as a sudden thought came to me.
I facepalmed. "Dammit, did I miss an opportunity to use a mass amount of Phial solution to
help Laboon heal up?" I questioned myself. "...ooor would he be too proud to let us give it to
him? Bah, questions for later."

~BtWwG~​

There were a few other such events that occurred over the three-week journey, including a

brief revolt from our extra snails, Pinky and the Brain (heh), and some grueling training
sessions that would help out our weaker members. I did insist Nami keep training without the
Ox Talisman to make sure her base state was sufficient.
But eventually, our 'vacation' had to come to an end.
"There it is…" Nami breathed, comparing the Log Pose to confirm. "After Whisky Peak, this
is our second island on the Grand Line."
In the distance, the island began to loom. It was an island of dinosaurs, an island of Giants, an
island of prehistoric bacteria and viruses.
Virtually a deathtrap.
"Little Garden…"

Chapter 18: The Little Garden Affair
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Before nearing Little Garden, Cross and I had a brief discussion about how to handle the
island. He came up with the idea to craft some home-made insect repellant, which I
enthusiastically agreed to. If I could help it, Nami would never get bit by the damn Kestia,
consequences be damned.
Cross ended up calling to drop anchor about a quarter mile out from Little Garden, then holed
up in the kitchen with Soundbite. They'd been in there about ten minutes, brewing the
potentially life-saving concoction.
"HEY, CROSS!" Luffy shouted, impatient. "ARE YOU DONE YET OR WHAT?!"
"YEAH, I'M DONE!" Cross shouted back. "I'LL BE RIGHT OUT, JUST HOLD ON!"
Moments later, he shouldered his way through the door, pot of unknown liquid and rags in
hand. "Okay, people, I'd seriously recommend you all cover your noses. Unless, of course,
you want your sinuses to feel like they're on fire."
"Huh?" Luffy blinked in confusion. "What're yooooooh, what the heck is that?!" He leapt
back and covered his nose, the rest of us following suit. For good reason, that shit stanks! It's
almost fucking blinding, god DAMN!
"Id shmells like shomeshings wotting!" Carue squawked through his wings.
"How is it even physically possible for something to reek that bad?!" Usopp demanded.
"Cross, what the hell have you been doing in there?!" Sanji growled furiously, held back by
Reiju from advancing on him, but she wasn't trying very hard.
"Indeed, Mister Jeremiah!" Vivi gagged. "Was there actually a point to you making us wait,
besides cooking up that… atrocity?!"
"Actually, Vivi," Cross grinned, waving the pot out and making us back away. "This 'atrocity'
was the whole point of my little endeavor. Say hello to my personal homemade batch of antibug lotion! Urkh!" He flinched as he accidentally breathed through his nose. "Though 'Eau de
Rat' might be a more accurate moniker. On second thought, please don't say anything to it.
I'm afraid it might say something back…"
"Kiiiiill meeeee…" Soundbite moaned.
"Lotion?!" Nami spat incredulously. "You mean to tell me you want to rub that shit on us?!
Are you out of your mind?!"

"Oooohhh no no no, of course not!" Cross chuckled sardonically. "That'd just be perverted!
You'll be rubbing it on yourselves!" He shook the dishrags in hand.
Nami stared blankly, then turned to look at the rest of us. "All those even remotely in favor of
this crazy plan?"
"HELL NO!" the others bellowed together. If I didn't know how necessary this was, I may
have even agreed with them.
"Denied!" Cross responded. "Look, have you guys even glanced at Little Garden?! In case
you hadn't noticed, it's a freaking jungle! And do you know what lives in jungles?"
"Lions!" Luffy grinned.
"Tigers." Zoro smirked.
"Bears." Sanji smiled.
"Insects, idiots." I piped up. "Legions of creepy-crawly fuckers, some so small that you
wouldn't see it unless you looked right at it. Insects who love to crawl on and bite and/or
sting people."
Cross snapped his fingers, pointing right at me. "Exactly. And do you know what happens
when bugs like that bite you?"
The crew shared confused looks. "I dunno…" Usopp mumbled. "I guess… it swells up, you
itch and scratch a bit…"
"Then you start coughing up blood, pus comes out your nose and ears, you swell up like a
balloon, and within twenty-four hours you're a rancid husk of meat that not even the most
depraved scavenger animals would touch with a ten-foot pole." Cross finished flatly.
That one got everyone's total undivided attention.
"I-I'm sorry," Vivi stammered. "Mister Jeremiah, I think I must've misheard you. Did you just
say that those bugs could-?"
"Potentially kill us? Oh, yes, he did." I continued. "It's simple: our immune systems, the way
our bodies fight disease, have evolved over time to fight any and all afflictions and maladies
we come into contact with. However, while they can put up a fight, when coming into contact
with anything your system has no knowledge of, it's rendered nearly helpless."
Cross nodded. "Now, that island is most likely a closed ecosystem. That means it has evolved
completely independent of humanity. We don't know it, it doesn't know us. Every last bacteria
and microbe on that island has the potential to fuck us up in ways not even horror novelists
could imagine. Now, granted, there are some we can do precisely fuck-all about, but this?"
He shook the lotion pot. "This protects us from some. So hey!" He shrugged carelessly. "Feel

free to go traipsing about without it, just be prepared to potentially help pioneer the
development of a vaccine for Hypermalaria… as Patient Zero." Cross grinned dementedly.
"So… any takers?" Silence was his answer. "Great. Now come on, let's lather up and make
pigs smell pleasant!"
The crew shuffled around nervously, clearly torn between the stench, and the prospect of
horrible, agonizing death-by-infection. Even I was hesitating, and I approved this! Before
Cross could press further, Luffy solved it for him. He grabbed two of the rags and soaked
them in the fluid… then grabbed the whole pot and doused the rest of us with it. I only just
shut my eyes and mouth by anticipating his actions. Of course, now I had to hold back my
gag reflex.
"Urgh, this shit reeks even worse up close!" Zoro choked.
"Don't worry, you get used to it." Cross assured.
"HE LIES!" Soundbite spat fiercely.
"I do…"
While we all started to reluctantly rub this gunk all over ourselves, I noticed Cross turn and,
if I was reading his body language right, begin to fret. I was a bit worried too. No sickness
means no Drum Island, means no Chopper, means no Doctor that we sorely need, and also
means Wapol reclaims the kingdom. If push comes to shove, and we can't convince the crew
to make a detour (Vivi in particular), we'll just have to reveal our shared secret.
"So, Cross," Nami spoke, getting his attention and pining him with an irritated look. "We all
now smell bad enough to make your laundry smell good. And when I say 'your', I'm talking
about you and the rest of the guys collectively. Are you satisfied, or do you want us to walk to
the island next?"
He swiftly raised his hands in surrender. "No no, that was everything, we're good to go!"
"Perfect. WEIGH ANCHOR! LET'S GO ALREADY!"
Just like that, we set sail towards one of the most dangerous islands in Paradise.
"Despite how… extravagant Cross' actions were…" Vivi mused cautiously, watching Little
Garden pull closer. "I do believe he has a point. We need to remain cautious." She bit her
thumb nervously. "Despite how duplicitous she might be, I haven't been able to forget what
Miss All-Sunday said…"
"W-W-Wait…" Usopp swallowed heavily, eyeing the treeline. "D-D-Do you think there could
be monsters out there?!"
"Remember the first stretch of our journey, Usopp?" I asked rhetorically. "The Grand Line is
straight up kookydooks, so almost anything is possible."

"BABY wanna DIAPER?" Soundbite snickered.
"I'd prefer escargot!" Usopp snarled, the snail laughing in his face.
"Don't go laughing just yet, Soundbite." Sanji warned flatly, puffing his cigarette. "That
might be a very real possibility if we don't pick anything up, what with how we've been
eating through our provisions."
Soundbite let out a panicked squawk. He concentrated for a moment, then nodded frantically.
"ANIMALS! LOTS and LOTS of animals!"
"Damn…" Usopp and Carue spat.
As we sailed up the nearest available river/canal, we were cloaked in shadow by
the jawdropping megaflora that surrounded us. It was an amazing display of pure nature, and
was incredibly impressive.
"So, this is Little Garden…" Zoro mused, slowly casting his gaze about for threats.
"What blind mowon named this pwace Wittle Garden?!" Carue demanded incredulously. "It's
fweaking huge!"
"I~RO~NY~?" Soundbite sang out doubtfully.
"Hmph, then whomever it was was very much pushing it." Reiju scoffed. "Look at all of this.
I've never even seen some of… no, make that any of these plants before!"
"Eh…" Cross slowly raised a finger.
"Oh? You're saying you know what these plants are, Cross?"
"Oh, not at all. It's just… the scale patterns on some of those trees… I think I've seen them-!"
"GAW! GAW!"
"YIPE!" Half the crew yelped in panic as a loud screeching belted out of the treeline,
followed by something bursting from the jungle up into the sky.
"WHAT WAS THAT?!" Nami shrieked, hugging me in fear.
"Ahhh, Nami-swan is so cute when she's frightened!" Sanji swooned.
"She is, isn't she?" I taunted, poking her cheek. I didn't bother dodging the retaliatory smack
to my chest.
"Anyways, don't worry about it." Sanji soothed, gesturing at the creature. "That's a regular
bird, from a regular jungle. There's nothing to fear."

"Is… that a lizard?" Luffy blinked in confusion at the creature.
"Uh, actually, Luffy?" Vivi spoke up. "That's a bird. I saw feathers on it."
"But I saw scales…"
Cross peered up at the creature through Nami's borrowed spyglass. "Actually, you're both
right. That thing's got feathers on the wings and tail, and scales round its mouth." He lowered
the spyglass and hissed. "Which is not good. I think I know what's up."
*BOOM*
Everyone yelled in surprise as Merry was shaken by a sudden, massive explosion from the
island.
"'NORMAL JUNGLE' MY ASS!" Nami shrieked.
"THAT SOUNDED LIKE A VOLCANO ERUPTING!" Usopp bellowed.
"Because it was." Cross groaned, pointing at a plume of smoke from over the treeline.
"Alright, correction: I know what's up with this place. I've seen it before, a few years back."
"Where could you have possibly seen this place before?!" Zoro scoffed.
"Easy." Cross deadpanned. "I saw it in a book."
"And that book is…?"
"'Petey's Prehistoric Picture Book'. My five year old cousin loved it."
"When you say… prehistoric…" Vivi slowly broke the stunned silence.
"I mean 'dinosaurs', yes." Cross nodded, "Big, honking, most-likely-man-eating dinosaurs."
Usopp swallowed heavily. "Y-Y-You can't be serious…"
"Growrgghhh…"
We were interrupted by a massive tiger, half the size of our ship, stumbling out of the treeline
before collapsing from both the blood loss and large gouges in its hide.
"So… personally, I say those teeth marks look about right for a T. Rex. What about you?
Allosaurus, maybe? Something bigger?"
"Eh, could be a Carnotaurus." I posited.
"Spinosaurus, perhaps?" Reiju offered.

"All in favor of not setting foot on this deathtrap?" Usopp squeaked out meekly.
"AYE!" Carue squawked, wing in the air.
"Agreed!" Nami nodded hastily. "W-W-We just need to sit tight right here and wait for the
Log Pose to reset. N-No need to go out and get eaten! After all, we can't get to Alabasta as
soon as possible if we're traipsing around in a killer jungle, right?!"
"Well, I'm gonna go hunting." Sanji announced, already down on the shore.
"Wait, Sanji, hold on!" Luffy bellowed before he could take a step.
"Yes, listen to the Captain!" Nami belted out hysterically.
"You need to make a pirate box lunch first! I wanna go adventuring!"
"DON'T LISTEN TO HIM, HE'S GOT LESS BRAIN CELLS THAN ZOOPLANKTON!"
she howled desperately.
"Nami's right, Sanji." Cross piped up. "Luffy's being an idiot!" Oh no, they're gonna rile her
up even more…
"Make two boxed lunches, I'm going with hi-GRGH!" Cross got choked off by Nami
clutching his throat with both hands.
"WHERE IN THE NAME OF THE GREAT GOD OF BERI DO YOU THINK YOU
TWO DIPSHITS ARE GOING?!"
"Uh… did you just say 'Great God of-'? Hrrghgh, alright alright! Well, seeing as we're on an
island with dinosaurs, there's only one natural thing to do."
"And that would be?" Nami hissed through her teeth.
Cross grinned manically. "Imma ride me a T. Rex, rodeo-style." Fucking… of course he
will…
"YIPPE-kay-MEEP!" Soundbite cut off in a squeak as Nami grabbed his eyestalks with a
growl.
"What." she hissed. "Is keeping me. From wringing both your scrawny necks. Right here.
Right now."
"Nami!" I asserted, wrapping her in a hug from behind. "Enough, sweetheart. You know these
idiots are gonna throw themselves into danger no matter what you say. More than likely, idiot
luck will keep them safe. To say nothing of Luffy, who is badass enough that he could, and
probably will eat most -or maybe all- the dinos they run into. Plus, if it makes you feel better,
I'll stay with you and Usopp on the ship."

"I suppose I will too." Reiju shrugged.
Nami stopped to consider for a moment, before relaxing her grip. "You're right." she sighed
miserably. "What was I thinking, they're too far gone, anyway…" She grabbed Cross by the
shoulder and glared at him anew. "If you die, I will dance on your grave."
"Hey, Luffy! Can I come too?" Vivi spoke up.
"Yeah!" Cross cheered. "Princesses gone wi-OW!" He yelped as Nami's grip on his shoulder
tightened. "What the hell are you hurting me for?! You can't blame me for this!"
"Of course I can, your madness is infectious!"
"No no, Nami, it's fine!" Vivi hastily reassured. "I want to go of my own volition. I'll just
brood if I sit around here. This'll keep me busy and take my mind off things while the Log
Pose resets."
"Good for you, Vivi!" Carue squawked enthusiastically.
"But-But milady!" Sanji swooned desperately. "What if you get hurt, or-?!"
"It'll be fine! Carue will protect me!"
Carue quickly adopted a horrified expression, a choked gurgle emitting from his throat.
"Wow, you scared that poor duck quackless…" Nami muttered.
"I'll make you a lunch of love as well, my princess!" Sanji swooned, leaping into the kitchen.
"Oh, while you do, could you fill up Carue's water barrel?" Vivi asked.
"Some for me as well!" Cross called up.
"LETTUCE! LETTUCE!" Soundbite chorused.
"Wait your turns, you two!"
"Urrrrgh…" Nami groaned. "I still don't like this…"
"Alright, Nami." Cross said. "How about this? Vivi will take Brain with her, and if you four
decide to leave the ship for whatever reason, you take Pinky with you. Just like that, we'll all
be in communication. Luffy, Zoro and Sanji don't need snails because nothing on this island
can put so much as a scratch on them. Alright?"
"Yeah, alright, fine. I guess that's- no, wait, how does Zoro factor into this?!"
I pointed off into the jungle. "He and Sanji took off around five minutes ago, getting into it
over who could bag the bigger dino." I reported.

For a moment, Nami looked as if she'd legitimately erupt, before slumping in defeat instead.
"Just… fucking go already…"
"Gone!" Cross agreed, leaping over Merry's railing to the shoreline below. A minute later,
Luffy and Vivi (riding Carue) landed beside him. Luffy grinned and tossed Cross a lunchbox
before turning to face the jungle. "WOOHOO! LET'S GO!" he whooped, charging into the
unknown.
"Wait for us, Luffy!" Vivi called after him.
"Yeah, some of us are still human, over here!" Cross concurred.
"Ya'know, that Princess sure is a brave one." Usopp noted once they'd disappeared.
"She had to be, to infiltrate something like Baroque Works." Nami added.
"Sooo… now what?" I asked.
"We could go inside the lounge, and I could brew us some tea to help calm down?" Reiju
offered.
"Now that's the best suggestion I've heard all day." Nami eagerly agreed.
About five minutes later, and we were sat down around the table with cups of soothing
chamomile tea, no longer so tense.
"You know, I swear I recall reading about this island somewhere before." Nami commented.
"I do too." I added, sipping at my tea. "'Brag Men', I believe it was. Some explorer called…
Louis Arnot?"
"Yeah, that's it. I can't quite recall exactly what it said…"
"Ah, who cares." Usopp smiled. "Let's just sit back, enjoy our tea, and wait for the others to
finish exploring this scary place!"
Reiju sat up, suddenly alert. "Hold on, does anyone else hear that?"
I strained my ears, and like she said, I could hear a rhythmic thumping coming from outside.
As well as wood creaking and cracking. I shared a look with the others, then rushed to the
door, bursting out onto the deck, the three of them following. A great shadowy figure towered
above the already enormous tree-line, toppling over the big trees that barely came up to its
waist and creating a path to the Merry.
"AAAAAAAAHHHHH!!" Usopp and Nami both screamed in fear. I would have joined
them, had I less control over my composure.

"GABABABABA!" The colossal figure let out a big hearty laugh, kneeling down but still
looming over the Going Merry. He had a dirty-blonde beard, a horned helmet perched on his
head, and a blue cape tied around his neck. He also carried an ax and shield that both looked
like they'd seen better days. Even knowing his friendly nature, it was still a bit frightening.
"Tell me… have you got any ale?" The large, bearded giant questioned us. "What about rum?
Grog? Can you hear me, little ones?"
"Oh, is that all?" I asked. "Yeah, I think we still have some alcohol." I turned to Reiju, who
looked as freaked out as the other two.. "We do, don't we?"
That snapped her out of her stupor. "Huh? O-Oh, yes. We do have a few barrels left."
"Oh, you do?!" the giant -Broggy! That's this one's name- grinned. "That's perfect!"
"Darling, what are you even up to?!" Nami quietly exclaimed.
"Do you want to say no to a man who can crush our ship?"
"GRAAAAH!!" Broggy suddenly roared, causing Nami and Usopp to scream again.
"Yikes, I do believe you have a Tyrannosaur biting your ass." I commented. So there was, the
tyrant lizard's maw agape as it tried (and failed) to gnaw into the giant's behind. As Broggy
turned a glare upon the beast, it seemed to realize its mistake. Too late, as Broggy quickly
whipped around and cleaved the dino's head off with one strike.
The giant raised his axe triumphantly in one hand, the rex head held in the other. "Behold,
little humans! I am the mightiest warrior of Elbaf… Broggy! GABABABABA!!"
"Well met, Broggy." I bowed respectfully. "My name is Evan. Behind me are my lover, Nami,
and our friends Usopp and Reiju." The named cowered and stood stock still respectively.
"Well met, indeed!" Broggy grinned. "I've got meat, and you guys some booze! Now we
feast! You lot are my guests!"
"Sounds great!" I agreed. "Could you excuse us for a moment, please?"
"Sure!" Brogy nodded. I nodded back and took my three comrades aside.
"Are we seriously going to eat with him?" Nami whispered. "What if he means we're the
dinner?"
"For all we know he just wants to fatten us up so can eat us!" Usopp quavered.
I gave them a deadpan look. "You realize we'd be barely morsels to him, while he has a
whole T. Rex to eat, as well as any other large dinosaurs on the island. Right?"
Reiju nodded. "He does raise a good point."

"Let's take a chance, go eat with him, be polite and all. Anything goes wrong, I can help fight
our way out."
Nami sighed. "Alright. I'm trusting you on this."
"I'm not…" Usopp whimpered.

~BtWwG~​

Around an hour later, we'd accompanied Broggy to his little spot of home, where he cooked
us all up the dino meat. We all ended up trying it, and it was incredible. Tender, and a little bit
sweet. We ended up contacting the others, and told them about meeting Broggy, and they told
us about meeting Dorry in turn.
"GABABABABA! So, you found some humans too, huh, Dorry?"
"GEGYAGYAGYAGYA! Indeed, Broggy! In fact, I found one going down the throat of a
longneck! It was quite a shock when he came out!"
"Shishishishi! Hey, it might have been a surprise, but I could have gotten out on my own!"
"GABABABA! Sounds like the humans have gotten even wilder since we've been gone,
Dorry!"
"You got that right, Broggy! GEGYAGYAGYA!"
"Shishishi! You guys are hilarious!"
"GABABABA!" / "GEGYAGYAGYA!"
"Oh god, now there's three of them, and two are jumbo sized…" Nami groused.
"I'd say you have your hands full," Cross snickered. "But considering how I doubt even you
can punch out a giant? I'll just leave you with my sympathies."

"Screw you, Cross!"
"Oh, hey Cross, you sure you don't wanna meet up with us?" Luffy asked. "Dorry's pretty
awesome!"
He chuckled at the offer. "No thanks, Luffy, this is enough for me. I'm happier as-is. There's a
whole wide island out here, and I want to see as much as I can!"
I sighed, shaking my head. The idiot already went over how unbelievably dangerous this
island was, yet threw himself into the wilds of it instead of staying with Luffy and Vivi.
Damn adrenaline junky.
"Still, human," Dorry spoke with concern. "I would recommend you exercise some caution.
While Broggy and I are too big to be in any kind of danger from the local fauna, the same
cannot be said of you humans."
"Ah, don't worry about it." Cross replied. "I've got Soundbite with me, and he's got practice
warding off dangerous animals. Plus, if I get close to anything really bad, he'll warn me
about-OW! What is it?"
"DANGER! KEEP OUT!" Soundbite warned him.
"What is it?" Usopp asked.
"Apparently something in a cave's got Soundbite spooked."
"A cave, huh?" Broggy mused. "Sounds like your snail's got good ears, human. There's a
species of small dinosaurs on the island that like to use caves as nests. They're a nuisance to
us, but to you, they'd be quite dangerous."
My face fell at the thought. "Cross, that sounds an awful lot like velociraptors…"
"Right!" he announced. "Well, I'm just going to go… anywhere but here."
"Well, at least you're trying to stay safe…" Nami sighed in frustration.
"Aw. c'mon, Nami! How much trouble do you think I could possibly get in?"
"More than you can imagine."
Cross chuckled slightly. "Oh, please, cut me some-! Ah…" He quickly cut himself off. "On
second thought… you might have a point."
"What are you talking about?" Usopp panicked. "Cross, what's happening?!"
"I don't suppose the phrase 'parley' holds any water with you, does it?"
"Kyahahaha!" came a familiar laugh. "Oh, you poor little dead man, we are so far beyond

that!"
"Awww, shit, it's the Mister Five Team." I announced.
"Dammit, Cross!" Nami exclaimed.
"Especially after that stunt your friend pulled back in Whisky Peak." Mister Five
grunted. "No, you're going to be a stain on the trees when we're through with you, no doubt
about it."
"Fun…" Soundbite growled darkly.
"RAAAAHHGH!" Luffy roared. "Hold on, Cross, I'm coming!"
"Luffy, wait…!" Vivi called. "Aaand, he just took off. Oh, boy…"
"Wait-Wait-Wait-Wait!" Cross pleaded. "Before you try and, well, smear me over a square
kilometer of jungle, can I at least say something I think you two should be aware of?"
The line was silent for a second, then Valentine replied in a faux-saccharine tone. "Sure, why
not? It's only right to hear a dead man's last words!"
"Care to do the honors, my friend?"
Soundbite's grin was broadcasted, before he belted out, ""CROC-O-DILE, CROC-ODILE, Mister ZERO is CROC-O-DILE!"
"Ha!" I barked. "Cross, you brilliant, quick-thinking bastard!" Now the Officer Agents would
be forced to ally with us to save their own skins. Maybe… they might stick with the crew
afterward? I suppose that could be interesting...
Then Cross let out a huff of exasperation. "Tsk… those pests really are unlucky…" he
grumbled. "There when you need them the least, nowhere to be seen when you need them the
most. Damn it…" Well never-the-fuck-mind, then.
"Urrgh..." Usopp groaned. "Now that just figures."
"Well, now that you little ploy has backfired spectacularly, guaranteeing that we
really will kill you," Mister Five growled. "Any actual last words?"
"Any chance you could make this fast?" Cross grimaced.
Valentine smiled sadistically. "Not in this life."
Suddenly, the sound of undergrowth and vegetation snapping and tearing came over the line.
As well as something very big sniffing at the air-ohchrist…
"Stop!" Cross hissed desperately. "Dont. Move. And don't. Make. A sound! There is a

Tyrannosaurus Rex standing right behind you."
"Oh, you've gotta be/fucking kidding me!" Nami and Vivi spat.
"I think I read somewhere that the T. Rex's vision is based on movement." Cross uttered
quietly. "So long as we stay still and stay quiet, there's a chance we'll walk away with all our
limbs!"
"And what if the damn thing manages to smell us?" Mister Five queried.
"Then we just need to be faster than you!" Soundbite intoned venomously.
"Can't you just blast it like you've done to the others?!" Valentine frantically asked.
"The others didn't sneak up behind me and give me only a few feet of leeway!" Five shot
back. "If I'm not fast enough on the draw, then one of us'll be dino chow!"
*BOOM*
We all jumped as the volcano erupted again.
"Ah, seems it's time again, Broggy." Dorry sighed
"Right you are, old friend." Broggy agreed, standing up.
"Wait, what's going on?" Reiju asked.
"It was decided some time ago…" Dorry explained. "That the eruption of the volcano would
be the signal for our duels."
"Hold on!" Vivi called out. "You told us this duel has been going on for one hundred years!
That's insane! What was your dispute about in the first place?!"
"Don't you get it, Vivi?" I asked. "That doesn't matter to them anymore."
"Quite right, little human!" Broggy agreed. "This is a matter of honor."
"THE REASON WE FIGHT…" The two giants roared. "IS LONG
FORGOTTEN!!" The two giants met with a clash, causing a massive wave of displaced air.
"AH-CHOO!" came a massive sneeze over the still-open snail line, reminding us of the other
developing situation.
"SKREEEEOOOONK!!"
"KYAAAAAH!" / "NOSE FANCY CANNON!"
There was a sound of Five blasting the jungle to pieces, followed by Cross running like hell.

Not long after, another massive explosion went off, followed by an incensed Mister Five
screaming, "YOU LYING SON OF A BITCH!"
"PIRATE, JACKASS!" Cross fired back. "THAT'S OUR WHOLE SCHTICK!"
"BAH-HAHAHAHAA!" I guffawed. "Those brilliant idiots! They went and tricked the Five
Pair with Soundbite's powers!"
"Ahahahaha!" Reiju laughed. "That's amazing!"
Another massive clash turned our attention back to our giant friends.
"Don't you wish we could go home, Dorry?" Broggy asked, deflecting a slash with his shield
and then kicking his friend in the chest. Every blow shook the ground with their size and
strength.
"All the more reason to vanquish you, Broggy, my friend!" Dorry replied, only taking a
single step back from the kick. He jabbed his sword forward, Broggy leaped up to avoid the
thrust, letting the sword stab into a rock wall. Broggy came down with a swing of his axe. A
massive clang rang through the air as Dorry deflected the blow with his helmet.
"He…He blocked that huge axe with his helmet?!" Usopp exclaimed. "That's incredible! The
smallest blunder would mean instant death!"
Broggy swung his ax, and the other giant leaned away to avoid the strike, then went for a
slash with his sword. Broggy brought up his shield to block it and followed up with his ax,
but Dorry countered with his own shield and they locked up in another clash.
"What an incredible fight..." Usopp said impressed by the great battle. "Every one of those
attacks targets a vital spot, too!"
"To think, they've both been at this for a hundred years…" Reiju noted.
"I'm surprised their weapons have held up this long." I commented. "Credit to the giants'
weaponsmiths, that's for sure."
"Amazing..." Usopp breathed. "They fight so seriously. And they don't even know why. This
is truly a fight between real men!"
"I admit, I don't really get it." Nami shrugged.
"Maybe an analogy will help..." Usopp said. "It's like each of them planted a flag in their
hearts that says: "I am a warrior!" And those flags mean more to them than their very lives!
They can never allow the flag to be destroyed by someone else. That's why they've been
fighting for a hundred years!"
"Absolutely well said, Usopp." I nodded. Even I was awestruck at the fierce dedication of
their duel. In spite of knowing exactly why it was happening, anyway.

"Don't you get it?!" Usopp demanded. "This is a proud duel! A legendary battle between true
warriors!"
"In other words, it's 'a man thing'." Reiju giggled.
"Say what you will, I'm gonna keep watching this." The sniper replied, a proud smile on his
face. "This is my ultimate goal, right here. To be a man of honor like these guys. Someday...
I'll be a Proud Warrior of the Sea. And If there's a village full of warriors like these two..."
Usopp said proudly. "Then I really wanna go there someday!"
"Damn right you will, Usopp." I affirmed.

ping!

Ah, my Gacha is ready again. I sidled away unnoticed, and took a look at the new list.

You have earned an item roll!​

1. Nemean Cestus (God of War)​
2. Arcturian Merchant Ship (Disney's Treasure Planet)​
3. Miracle Candle (Disney's Encanto)​
4. Soultaker Sword (DC)​
5. Rokushiki, Intermediate (One Piece)​
6. The Divinity Machine (Doom)​
7. Travel Lantern (DC)​
8. Sword of Gryffindor (Harry Potter)​
9. Neuralyzer (Men in Black)​
10. Star Sapphire Gem (DC)​
11. Plasmids (Bioshock)​
12. Bushel of Golden Apples (Minecraft)​
13. Argent Energy Cell (Doom)​
14. Sword of Olympus (God of War)​
15. Capsule Corp Case of Capsules (Dragon Ball)​
16. Atlantean Key (DC)​
17. Mjolnir Armor; Mk V-VII (Halo)​
18. Doujutsu; Byakugan (Naruto)​
19. Bio Belt (DC)​

20. Seal of Clarity (DC)​

All of this looked nice, though If I'm being honest, nothing in particular really called to me.
That said, I rolled my hardlight D20 against a log and was surprised to roll a nat 20.

Seal of Clarity (DC)
Atlan, the Dead King of Atlantis, forged seven weapons in order to defeat his brother,
Orin. These weapons were buried in his tomb, and this is one of them. Unlike the other
artifacts, the Seal of Clarity is actually a tool, rather than a combat weapon. It is
capable of translating any written language into one the user can decipher, without fail.​

I actually goggled a bit. The sheer implication… In most cases, this would be a mundane, if
very useful, translation device. But here… I decided to keep the roll, save my rerolls again
for next time, the die vanishing, and in my hand appeared the small, golden idol
resembling… honestly, I've no idea what. 'Well, Robin, looks like you're not the only person
who can decipher the Poneglyphs anymore.' I quickly pocketed it, and turned back to the
battle.
Both Dorry's sword and Broggy's axe had fallen to the ground. Both men roared as they
charged with their shields, and rammed them into each other's faces.
"73,466 duels." Broggy managed.
"73,466 draws." Dorry added.
Both giants crashed to the ground with heavy thuds that shook the island, smiling like the old
friends they were.
"Hey, Dorry?" Broggy said. "I got some alcohol from my guests!"
"Drinks!" Dorry grinned. "That's great! I haven't had any in a long time! Give me some!
GEGYAGYAGYA!"
"GABABABABA!"
The two giants picked themselves up and gathered their weapons, with Broggy handing off

some booze to Dorry, each returned to their encampments. We also heard the end of Cross'
chase, where Mister Three corralled the Mister Five team, admitting their mission to sabotage
the two giants.
"Now, you ring up Pinky and the Brain." Cross spoke. "We need to inform the crew about the
fact that there are Baroque Works Agents on the island who're after not just our heads, but
our new friends as well."
Soundbite grinned wide. "WAY AHEAD OF YOU!"
"The heck are you talking about?"
"He's talking about the fact that he's been blocking our voices for the past ten minutes!" Vivi
blurted out.
"Holy-!" Cross exclaimed, jaw dropped. "You've been keeping the calls going this whole
time?!"
"I MAKE multitasking LOOK GOOD!" Soundbite crowed.
"You can ring your own bell later, Soundbite." Nami ordered firmly. "Cross, are you alright?"
Cross snorted. "I reek like Zoro after a full hour of training, and I might have shaved a year
or two off my golden years, but… no, no, I think I'm good. What about the rest of you?"
"Our group is fine here!" Usopp piped up. "Dorry and Broggy's duel ended in a draw a few
minutes ago, and they're alright too."
"Carue and I are fine as well!" Vivi concurred. "Luffy tried to go and help you the second he
heard you were in trouble, but…"
The sound of crashing trees and vegetation preceded Luffy's voice. "ALRIGHT, YOU BAST-!
What the-?! Ah c'mon, not again!"
"Thank god for small mercies and Luffy's inability to tell left from his own ass…" Nami
sighed in relief.
"I could've sworn that was Zoro's problem, not his." I snickered.
"Hey, Luffy, I'm fine, I managed to ditch them!" Cross announced. "For now, you need to stick
with Vivi, they're specifically aiming for her. If you aren't around to protect her, then she's a
dead woman. Plus, chances are that sooner or later those Baroque bastards will come to you.
Alright?"
"Mmmph…" Luffy grumbled. "Well… I don't like it, but… ah, alright."
"Uh, that's great and all, Cross." Usopp spoke up hesitantly. "But if Luffy's protecting Vivi,
Zoro and Sanji are out who knows where hunting, and I'm sure Evan's gonna take off to go

fight…" I scratched at my cheek, knowing he was right. "...then who the heck is protecting
us?!"
"That'll be us, little long-nose! Right, Dorry?"
"Right you are, Broggy!"
Cross sighed in relief. "Glad to hear you two are still in one piece. How much did you hear?"
"Enough." Broggy grunted darkly. "To think someone would dare to interfere with our
ancient duel…"
"If I had to guess, I'd say they're after our bounties." Dorry grumbled. "Knowing the World
Government, they're probably still active, even a hundred years after we were last seen."
"Whatever the reason, it doesn't matter!" Broggy asserted firmly. "If they wish to battle with
warriors of Elbaf, then it is a battle we will give them!"
"Best not to just rush in ham-handed though, alright?" Cross cautioned. "We have no idea
where they are, and at least two of them have Devil Fruit powers. That's a recipe for an
ambush. Vivi, you were investigating them, right? I don't suppose-?"
"Ah, r-right! Um… well, most of you have already met Mister Five and Miss Valentine.
They're Officer Agents, those numbered one through five. Most of them have Devil Fruits, and
they're no exception. Mister Five's Bomb-Bomb Fruit allows him to detonate any part of his
body like dynamite, and Miss Valentine's Kilo-Kilo Fruit allows her to shift her weight
between one to 10,000 kilograms. As for the other team… I know Mister Three uses the WaxWax Fruit, which does exactly what you'd think it does."
"Wait, that guy makes wax?!" Usopp wondered incredulously. "And he's ranked higher than
the guy who can blow up his body?"
"Never underestimate Devil Fruits, Usopp." Cross cautioned. "An old adage is that there are
no useless powers, only useless wielders. Just look at our Captain, for example. I'm assuming
that's the case here?"
"Y-Yes." Vivi stammered. "The wax he produces is so thick that it's as strong as steel, and he
can freely shape it. One of the ways that comes up a lot is making wax swords. Very large,
very deadly wax swords."
"...okay, withdrawn." Usopp whimpered.
"Unfortunately, I don't know much about his partner, Miss Goldenweek, just that she looks
like a child and she's somehow capable of manipulating emotions with paint. Considering
how the first time I saw her she was liberally swimming, it's not so much a Devil Fruit power
as it is some form of hypnosis."
"Mmh, not good." I noted. "We met a hypnotist, Jango, on Gecko Island. Managed to send

Luffy to sleep. Who knows what more damage he could've made Luffy do, had he the
chance."
Nami and Usopp shuddered at the thought.
"Well, either way, as dangerous as she and Mister Three are alone, we need to be careful of
what they can do together." Vivi warned firmly. "Thanks to Goldenweek's paint, Mister Three
can create wax mannequins of anyone he desires that are accurate in all but breathing. If you
see someone standing stock-still, run. Chances are that it's a trap."
"Bah! Then we'll just have to make sure to step on her first before she can paint anything!
Right, Dorry?"
"Indeed, Broggy! Besides, even if the little human goes on a rampage, he should be
containable. After all, he might have heart, but he's just a little tyke!
GEGYAGYAGYA!" Oddly, it sounded an awful lot like Dorry was… gargling something?
Wait a minute…
"Dorry, are you drinking something?!" Cross demanded hastily.
"Hm? Just some ale Broggy and I picked up from your ship on the way back from our duel.
We warriors of Elbaf always drink before our next fight! Why?"
"You got them from our ship," Cross worried. "Our abandoned ship that nobody's been
standing guard on for the past hour." Oh, fuck, Mister Five's sabotage!
"Oh no…" Vivi breathed, catching on. "MISTER DORRY! GET RID OF THAT BARREL,
QUICK-!"
*KA-BOOM*
We jumped as an explosion echoed over both the connection and in the distance.
"WHAT WAS THAT?!" Usopp shrieked fearfully.
"Bastards must've laced our barrels with explosives after we left the ship!" Cross
explained. "Vivi, for the love of god, tell me that thing didn't go off in his stomach!"
"No, no, it wasn't that bad, but… it went off right in front of his face. Broggy, h-he's
breathing, but-!"
"Aye, don't worry about it, that's not the first explosion we've taken to the face." Broggy
waved off. "Won't likely be the last, either. He'll be groggy for a few days, but as long as he
doesn't try to fight during that time, he'll be fine."
Of course, because fate thinks it's funny, now is when the volcano chooses to erupt once
again.

"...sometimes, I respect Elbaf to death and back. Others, I think he simply enjoys picking on
us." Broggy grumbled.
Suddenly, the sound of moaning came over the line.
"M-Mister Dorry-!" Vivi stammered.
"What the heck?!" Carue squawked.
"Hey, Dorry's getting back up!" Luffy said eagerly.
I had a bad feeling that was not a good thing, verified when Broggy groaned warily. "...uhoh…"
"Broggy, what's wrong?" Reiju asked.
"If Dorry's not thinking straight, then there's a chance that he could send himself into a-!"
"RAAAAGH!"
An enraged roar ripped through the air from the other skull mountain, followed by shaking
earth.
"Berzerker rage. Damn it, Dorry!" Broggy cursed, getting to his feet.
"W-What the-?! Where are you going, Broggy?!" Usopp squawked.
"Dorry's on a rampage! He won't stop until someone's stopped him, the hard way!"
"But with the condition he's in-!" Nami started.
"I won't actually try to hurt him! He's not in proper fighting condition, and he's certainly not
in his right mind. There would be no honor in beating him in this state! I will hold him off,
and knock him unconscious. Straw Hat! You might be small, but… I believe that you are
strong. Can I trust you to deal with the interlopers?"
There was a moment of silence, followed by Luffy's furious bellow, "HELL YEAH!"
"Very well then, I leave the rest to you! Good luck, Straw Hats! Now then, if you'll excuse
me… RAAAAAAAGH!!" Broggy roared, charging off toward his raging friend, and once
again the two titans clashed. Too bad we couldn't sit and enjoy this one.
"Cross, I'm going after these guys." Luffy growled darkly. "You got a problem with that?!"
"Just give me a second to outline the plan, alright?" Cross hedged hastily.
"Hurry up!" Luffy bit out impatiently.

Cross took a few moments, then responded. "Alright, the plan is simple… there is no plan.
Run hog-wild, just make sure you stick together while you do." Pfft, of course, the 'Straw Hat
special', what else was I expecting.
"Are you serious?!" Nami demanded incredulously.
"Deadly." Cross confirmed evenly. "The fact is, we're currently playing a hunting game with
these bastards: we're hunting them, they're hunting us. We've got the advantage in that they
don't know that we know they're hunting us, but that's worthless since we won't be able to
easily keep track of them. Just make sure you aren't separated so that you can't be ambushed.
Meantime, Soundbite and I will try to find Zoro and Sanji so we can warn them. It's a
survival game now, got it?"
"Right."
"Got it!"
"G-G-Got it…"
"Understood."
"Heard." I nodded.
"...watch your back, Cross."
"That's Soundbite's job, Nami." Cross joked. "Alright everyone, be careful and try to
maintain contact. Good luck and godspeed."
"...Guys." I announced, a scary thought coming to mind. "I'm gonna go join Vivi and Luffy,
just in case these jagoffs decide to bumrush them all at once. I should be fast enough."
Nami nodded. "Alright, I'm pretty sure the three of us can handle ourselves together." She
quickly gave me a kiss for luck. "Be safe."
"You too." With that, I called forth Zangetsu, and shunpo'd into the jungle.
Sadly, this was a mistake, as I ended up missing out on most of what we would end up calling
"The Little Garden Affair". On my way to the Captain and the Princess, I came across what
looked like Mister Five hiding in the brush. I quickly discovered it to be a Mister Three
waxwork, as I could sense it wasn't alive. I avoided his subsequent Candle Lock, and very
nearly had him out of the fight early, but for his partner nailing me on the shirt with a doublewhammy of Rage Red and Betrayal Black.
This is where I first lost some time, as I apparently charged off into the jungle after the first
crewmate I could find. Luckily for me, I found Zoro, who was more than able to fend me off,
especially when I was wildly attacking and not using my abilities. Zangetsu had tried calling
to me, but the hypno-paint was thorough enough to shut him out somehow. Zoro eventually
hit me with an Oni-Giri that shredded my shirt (and my front, but the Shroud healed me back

up), and snapped me back out of it. I explained what I could quickly, then we each took off in
separate directions.
Not sticking with Zoro was my second mistake, as I ended up blindsided by the Mister Five
team. From what I gathered after the fact, Mister Five propelled a 1kg Miss Valentine
towards me with an explosion, who then jumped to 10,000kg just before impact, hitting me
with a Clothesline From Hell that would've made JBL proud, embedding me into a cliff face.
Following this, Five then propelled himself with an explosion directly into me, and blew
himself up, knocking me unconscious, and partially burying me under what was left of the
cliff.
They left me for dead, and while the Shroud healed all the severe explosion injuries, I was
still knocked for a loop. I caught hell for my errors later when Luffy came to dig me out of
the rubble, but I took it in good grace. All in all, everyone else was incredibly successful at
neutralizing the Officer Agents. Cross even got Sanji to temporarily tame him a T. Rex to
ride, rodeo-style. So, all went relatively well, I'd say.

~BtWwG~​

"Are you sure you're alright?" Vivi worried, looking me over.
"Yeah, yeah, I'll be fine." I assured, rubbing my temples. "Five and Valentine just rang my
bell real hard back there. I'm more worried about never living this shit down."
Vivi giggled. "Well, you did charge off on your own, like Cross said not to." I sighed as she
walked off.
I looked over to where Nami was getting the others for our meal/meeting, and froze. I saw
Nami's side profile where she was facing the boys, and more importantly I saw her exposed
stomach.
And the small, black dot clinging to it.
I raised my hand, debating not about if I should do it, but whether I should use a lowpowered Byakurai, or maybe Sho. The decision was taken out of my hands when
Cross moved, slapping Nami's stomach.

"OW!" Nami yelled, verily smacking her fist into his nose, sending him stumbling back.
"WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT FOR, CROSS?!"
"Buh-Bug…" Cross stammered weakly, holding up his hand and displaying the ichor in his
palm.
"Say wha- oh, ew!" she grimaced in disgust, noticing the remains on her middle. "That's…
ugh, gross… Thanks a lot, Cross. Couldn't you have warned me or something?"
"Sorry…" he breathed numbly. "Didn't… didn't think… did… did it… bite you?"
"Uh…?" Nami poked at her stomach for a moment, then shook her head. "No, I don't think
so. Well, thanks for that, I guess. I'd probably be in some trouble if it actually managed to bite
me, huh?"
"Some."
Nami shrugged. "Well, anyways, come on. In case you didn't notice, Sanji found an Eternal
Pose for Alabasta that those Unluckies dropped. We're getting the heck off this rock, so move
it, dinoboy!" She started to walk away, motioning to follow.
"Moving…" he mumbled, stepping into motion a good bit behind her. I stood and moved to
join him, just catching him mutter to himself, "What have I done…?"
"Cross." I began, getting his attention. "Don't beat yourself up over this. I was about to snipe
that thing from where I sat, you just beat me to the punch. It would've been me if not you." I
clapped a reassuring hand on his shoulder. "We'll figure something out, we won't leave Drum
behind."
"I hope you're right…"

Chapter End Notes

A/N: So, fun fact: I occasionally use my D20s for 'Encounter Rolls', to determine how
this or that encounter will go. I may or may not have an ironclad outcome, but the dice
would determine how that outcome is reached. For the encounter with the Mister Three
Team, I rolled an eight. Not great but not devastating. The Mister Five Team encounter?
NAT. FUCKING. ONE.
I mean, it all works out. The Little Garden Affair as written by the Cross-Brain was a
clusterfuck as-is, so I suppose I lucked out. Next time, we get to start a few of my
favorite chapters. Until then, comrades!

Chapter 19: 𝖭̶𝗂̶𝗇̶𝗃̶𝖺̶ Pirate Clash in the Land of Snow
It had been a full day since we had left Little Garden, the fanfare being the epic slaying of a
goldfish sea king with the giants' signature technique, Hakoku, the Spear of Elbaf. Sadly,
even with my reassurance, Cross still worried himself over the decision he made. Things
otherwise seemed to return to normal (for us).
Usopp was working on his projects, with Reiju offering him some assistance, Sanji
experimented in the kitchen, Nami maintained our heading, Vivi was excited to go home,
Zoro was napping again, and Luffy was… well, Luffy. I was relaxing in the crow's nest,
taking a break from training my Kido, both in and out of my Inner World. I wondered if I
should simultaneously write one of the popular fictions from home along with our crew's
Chronicle, introduce it to this world"Evan, Nami, Zoro, come up to the-!"
I jumped as I heard Soundbite broadcast Cross' voice, only for him to cut off. A minute later,
he then resumed with, "Sorry about that. Meet me at the stern as soon as you can, and try to
be discreet. This… This isn't good news I'm carrying."
I waited for a little while, then saw Nami and Zoro moving to the quarterdeck, and Shunpo'd
down to join them.
"What's wrong, Cross?" Nami asked, concerned.
"You'd better have a damn good reason for waking me up." Zoro grumped.
"You mean aside from the fact that your mossy ass sleeps too much?" I joked, making Zoro
growl.
In response, Cross merely held up the newspaper he was currently strangling. "Read." he
ordered firmly.
Zoro blinked in dull surprise, then took the paper and gave it a once-over. "And we should
care about this 'Kidd' person… why?"
"Other page, dingus!" Cross snarled.
"Cross!" Nami exclaimed in shock.
He flinched for a moment, then looked away with a sigh. "I… sorry, sorry, it's just… this is…
it's bad. Real bad. Turn… turn the page."
Zoro flipped the page, and promptly stiffened in shock. "Oh boy…"

"Huh? What is it?" Nami asked in confusion.
Zoro held up the article for both of us to see. She scanned the headline, and her eyes widened
in horror. "T-Three hundred thousand?!" Nami sputtered in disbelief.
Shit, that's right, the mass defection. Formerly, the Royal Army numbered 600,000 to the
Rebels' 400,000. Now, half the Royal forces had joined the Rebels. I wonder what kind of
work the Sandile had to put in to pull that off?
"I can't hide this from everyone," Cross grimaced darkly. "And it wouldn't be right to
anyways. We're the top mates of this ship, with Evan as an unofficial fourth, and the only
reason I haven't told Luffy is that he can't zip his lips to save his life." He gave each of us a
firm look. "We keep this quiet until we can't, agreed?"
We each shared a look, then shrugged in agreement.
"Sounds good to me." Nami nodded.
"No argument here." I agreed.
"You're throwing around a lot of weight for a third mate, you know that?" Zoro observed,
eyebrow raised but no heat in his tone.
Cross gave a cocky grin. "It's not like we even remotely resemble a traditional ship. 'Sides."
He grinned wider. "Three's better than one, no?"
Zoro scoffed with a grin as he walked away. "Cocky brat…"
Cross chuckled and started to follow, then he tilted over, catching himself on the railing
before he could fall.
"Cross?" Nami called in concern, hand on his shoulder.
"Huh?"
"You alright there, JC?" I asked, worried.
"Uh…" he stared for a second, then shook his head. "I… yeah, yeah. Merry must have hit a
bad wave or something, who knows. But ah… no, no, I'm…I'm fine."
Nami considered him silently before nodding uneasily. "Well… alright… if you say so…"
And with a final backwards glance, she walked away.
Soundbite looked him up and down. " YOU really okay?"
"Uh…" He stood silent for a moment, then gave him a questioning look. "I… think so? I… I
didn't get bitten, right? Nothing landed on me back on Little Garden?"

"Nope NOPE!"
"Then, uh…yeah, yeah, I think I'm good."
"Alright, Cross, I'll trust your judgement." I nodded. "Let me know if anything changes,
yeah?"
"Gotcha."
I walked away, but I had a very bad feeling in my gut that something was going to go very
wrong, very fast.

~BtWwG~​

It was around the same time the next day that Cross called us into the lounge for a crew
meeting. We found him at the kitchen table, forehead resting on the wood, looking a lot
worse than he did yesterday.
"Alright, Cross, everyone's here, what's the news?" I asked. However, he didn't respond. For
a solid minute, he wouldn't respond to us. Not good.
"Cross? Hello, Cross?"
"Huh-what?" He jerked his head up in surprise, blinking in shock. "Uh… what are… when
did you all get here?"
Several of us shared a worried glance. "We've been trying to get your attention for the past
minute, Cross." Vivi started slowly. "You called us in here, remember?"
"Ah…" He took a moment to collect his thoughts, then grinned sheepishly. "Ah, right, right.
Sorry about that. I've been… feeling a little under the weather recently. Probably just not
handling the climate shift well, or something."
I could smell that bullshit a mile away, and so could Nami. "Riiiight…" she drawled slowly.
"Anyways, you said it was important?"

"Uh…" Cross blinked for a second, then nodded firmly. "Right, right, very important.
Alright, listen: it's about the crew. Or rather, us needing a new crewmate to… to fill a role."
Wait, is he pitching the crew on a doctor? Why didn't he discuss this with me?
"And that role would be…?" Sanji trailed off curiously
"Simple. What we need is a… is… is a… uh…" Cross slowly tailed off in confusion, head
drooping.
"Cross?" Nami shook his shoulder slightly.
"Doctor!" he jerked back up. "We-We need a doctor onboard it's… it's very… very dangerous
to sail without one. We need one… um…" He grimaced slightly, rubbing his eyes. "Need
one… right away…"
"You really think you're doing that bad?" Reiju asked.
Cross didn't respond for a moment, then, "Ah… sorry, what was that?"
"She said, 'Do you really think you're doing that bad?'" Usopp repeated in concern.
"Wh-huh? Me? N… no, no, I'm… I'm doing fine… I… I just meant in general, you know?"
Okay, at first I thought he was using his obvious illness to convince us to divert to Drum, but
if he's in denial, he's very not okay. "Things are… are getting dangerous, so we need someone
to… to, uh… uh… what… what was I saying?"
"Cross, you look really sick…" Vivi reached out.
"Ah, no, no…" he protested weakly, waving her off. "I-I'm fine, see? Perfectly fi-!" He started
to push himself up to his feet, but lurched and nearly didn't catch himself on the table.
"JC, dude, you are not alright!" I insisted firmly.
"Um… uh… I ah…" Cross bumbled. "Actually… I'll, ah… I'll be honest… I… I don't… feel
so…" With that, he finally fell sideways, head thunking off the table as he went.
"Cross!"

~BtWwG~​

Two days. Two days, and Cross has only gotten worse, no matter what we tried. I knew the
Phial solution and Shroud wouldn't work, but I tried anyway, and unfortunately there was no
poison for Reiju to draw out. At one point, I decided to try and use the Fortress Portal to get
Cross to Drum Castle and hope the crew could find their way to the island, 'cause I wouldn't
be able to target a small, moving ship unless it was saved as the place I just came from.
Unfortunately, either Fate (or B.R.O.B., maybe) didn't like that idea, because when I tried to
summon the portal, all I got was a pop-up window saying, Fortress Portal will be
unavailable for [One Week] due to interference from a Cosmic Storm. Apologies for the
inconvenience. Well, fuck me. What good is my shit if I can't use it when it counts!
Of course, while dealing with Cross literally shitting the bed sucked donkeys, what
was worse was that whatever he had was causing him to mumble his thoughts without
realizing. He said a lot he shouldn't have while he was out of it, about this world and ours.
The others were starting to suspect something was up, until the big shocker occurred when he
named Kuina. I decided to speak up after that.
"Everyone." I announced, grabbing the crew's attention from their debating. "I know how and
why Cross has all this impossible knowledge."
"You do?" Sanji asked incredulously. "How?"
"Because... I have the same knowledge." The crew responded with naught but shocked
silence, so I continued. "Cross and I both happen to share a home origin. It's a little more…
Okay, a lot more complicated than that, but this can be explained."
"Well? We're waiting…" Zoro demanded.
I shook my head. "Not without Cross. He deserves to be able to defend and explain himself
too." I asserted. "So, you'll get your explanation when either Cross is all better… or
he's dead."
Everyone sullenly considered this, then Luffy nodded. "Alright, Evan. We trust you."
"Thank you, Captain. Now, we need to get Cross a doctor. Drum Island has got some of the
best medical experts on the Grand Line, right?"
"That's right, of course!" Vivi exclaimed.
"We're about to enter a winter climate," Nami began. "Am I right to assume that Drum is a
winter island?"
"Correct." I nodded. "Which means that if we're lucky, we should be able to find it in a
relatively timely manner. Let's get our Commie fixed up, savvy?"

"Right!"

~BtWwG~​

Since then, we tended to Cross as best we could, but nothing seemed to help much. Snow had
begun to cascade from the sky, smothering our ship in a blanket of white.
"Hey, guys!" Zoro called from the crow's nest. "You might wanna come see this!"
"What's up, Zoro?" Luffy questioned. "See any doctors yet?"
"You expect us to find a doctor out here?!" Usopp frowned.
"Say…" Zoro spoke. "You think people… can stand on top of the ocean?"
"Standing on the ocean?" Usopp asked. "That's impossible, Zoro!"
"Yeah...?" Zoro pointed. "Then what's that?"
As everyone looked dead ahead, there was indeed one lone oddly-dressed guy, looking like a
jester, casually standing on the ocean like it was no big deal. Hello, Chess. It seems we found
the Wapol 'Pirates' at last. Luffy and Usopp rubbed their eyes in disbelief.
"Boy, sure is cold today." Chess spoke out of nowhere.
"Yeah, it sure is." Luffy agreed.
"Uh-huh." Usopp nodded. "I'd even say it's freezing!"
"Really?" Chess questioned.
We all gave the man confused looks. Then suddenly, and without warning, the sea burst open,
revealing a metallic, dome-shaped ship, big enough to loom over the Going Merry. It sent the
ship rocking in the sudden waves, everyone grabbing hold of something to keep footing.

"What is that?!" Luffy exclaimed. "A watermelon?!" Huh… now that he says that,
it does look like one. Neat.
"That can't be… is that a ship?!" Zoro wondered.
The metal dome split open into multiple sections, retracting to reveal the actual ship within.
Several of its crew were lined up at the railing. Atop the mast, the jolly roger flew, the design
a skull wearing a crown with a metal jaw blowing a raspberry. Its figurehead rose and slotted
into place, showing a crown-wearing hippo.
"Damn it!" Usopp yelled. "A pirate ship?!"
"Woah…" Luffy uttered.
Reiju growled. "We do not have time for this…"
"MAAAAHHAHAHAHA!!" an irritating voice belted out. "Were you surprised by my giant
submersible attack ship Bliking?!"
Within a minute, the crewmen boarded our ship, surrounding us. The rifles and pistols they
wielded were all pointed right at us. Then, the big bastard deigned to show himself. Violet
hair, a ridiculous cylindrical tinplated jaw, matching armor, and a white walkie-fur coat
marked the appearance of the fat king known as Wapol, munching on a shank of meat on a
jeweled knife.
"Hmm… only five of you…" Wapol mused, tearing another chunk off the meat. "Can't be
just that many of ya. Well, never mind." He then went and chomped down on the rest of the
meat… and the blade along with it.
"Who is this guy?" Luffy asked, weirded out. "He just ate that knife." Zoro clearly agreed by
the look on his face.
"GYACH!" Usopp yelped. "My mouth hurts just watching him!"
"Well, that's blatantly a Devil Fruit Power." I stated, blinking in mild shock.
"I got a question for ya." Wapol started, tossing the hilt into his maw. "We want to go to the
Drum Kingdom. You wouldn't happen to have an Eternal Pose or a Log Pose?"
"Sorry, but no." Reiju intoned. "We've never heard of this place either. We can't help you."
"Now if you're done, go away!" Luffy ordered. "We're in a hurry here!"
"It's not good to rush through life without enjoying it." Wapol replied. "If you don't have
either of those things, we'll just take your treasure and your ship instead."
"Say what?!"

"Hold on a moment. I'm still a bit hungry." Wapol's maw then widened unnaturally and began
to wrap around one of the spiral railing designs.
*THWOCK*
"OOUGH!" The mad muncher recoiled in pain as I landed a mighty blow in his stomach.
"Excuse me, shitfuck…" I growled. "Did you just try and eat our ship?!"
"How dare you strike Captain Wapol and interrupt his meal!" one of the peons exclaimed,
him and several others pointing their guns my way, though they hesitated as I was right next
to the fatass. Moreso when I grabbed him, Shroud-Draining his vitality in the process, and
hefted him above my head.
"Wah! What's… put me…!" He goggled. "Why do I… feel so…?"
"You know what?" I began. "I think the capital punishment for attempting to eat our ship
should be The Buggy Treatment." I turned to Luffy. "Well, Captain? What say you?"
"Huh?" Luffy wondered, head tilted. "'Buggy Treatment'?"
"Orange Town, Luffy, remember?" Zoro reminded him.
"Oh yeah!" Luffy grinned, smacking his fists together. "Sounds good to me! Gum Gum…!"
He sent his arms stretching backward off the ship.
"Yah…YEET!" I tossed Wapol into the air, right into position.
"...Bazooka!" Luffy's arms snapped forward again, and slammed into Wapol, the fat man sent
flying off into the distance screaming. 'Huh, he even did the "twinkle thing". Heh, must've
been the light reflecting off his stupid jaw.'
Wapol's men all stared in shock at the sight of their leader getting blasted off of the ship.
"This is terrible!" Chess shouted. "Captain Wapol's been sent flying over the ocean!"
"More like a catastrophe! He can't swim!" The afro-toting Kuromarimo added.
"We have to rescue him before he sinks and drowns! All hands, return to the Bliking!" The
mook brigade rapidly reboarded their own vessel, along with their commanding officers.
"This is far from over! We'll get you for this! Just you wait!"
"Remember us! I promise you'll pay!" With that, the Bliking sailed away, leaving us to the
relatively calm waters.
"Well, that was crazy." Usopp stated. "They had an awesome ship, but who the hell was that
Wapol guy?"
"Does it really matter?" Reiju retorted. "Let's just forget them and move on."

Most everyone was agreed on the matter. I knew better. We'd see him later, most certainly. At
the very least, I managed to keep the piece of shit from hurting Merry.

~BtWwG~​

"Morning, Sanji." I greeted the cook the next day, emerging onto the deck. "Catch anything
interesting on watch last night?"
"Nope." he replied. "All quiet here."
"Yeah, the weather seems unusually calm." Usopp noted. "Cold, but calm. It's kinda freaking
me out."
"That's a good sign." Vivi stated. "Stable weather means that the island we're looking for is
nearby!"
"Sanji, head up and check the horizon for any signs of land." Nami ordered.
"I'm on it." the cook nodded, clambering up the rigging.
"Remind me, how does this climate thing work here?" Usopp asked.
"Each island on the Grand Line is either a Spring, Summer, Autumn, or Winter Island." Vivi
explained. "And each of those islands has its own four seasons. That means you need to be
prepared to endure 16 seasons when traveling the Grand Line. There are exceptions, as well
as unknown weather patterns you can run into at any time."
"Geez, no wonder this ocean has such scary turbulent weather…"
"Oi, Sanji!" I called to the crow's nest. "See anything yet?"
"I sure do!" Sanji called back, peering through binoculars. "LAND HO!"
Luffy joined the rest of us on deck, hopping on his special seat to see the island. "There it is!"
he exclaimed. "Cross is saved! It's so white! Snow, a Snow Island!"

"Take it easy, Luffy." Reiju reasoned. "We're not here on an adventure this time. We're here to
find a doctor for Cross. Then we have to leave right away."
"Yeeeah, I don't think he's listening." I noticed, hearing Luffy muttering about how great
snow is. Reiju just sighed in response.
"Uh…" Usopp hesitated. "Did we take into account if there are snow monsters here…?"
"Maybe, maybe not." I gave the sniper a deadpan look. "Either way, your 'Can't-Go-On-ThatIsland Disease' doesn't apply here."
"Joy…"
The Going Merry sailed ever closer to the island, its lands covered in snow and snow-coated
firs. The most distinguishing feature of the island were the six cylindrical mountains standing
upon it. I wonder how they formed that way? Clearly Grand Line Bullshit™ was at play. We
began sailing up through a waterway leading inland.
"Damn, this is amazing!" Sanji remarked. "Look at those mountains!"
"And all that snow!" Luffy cried. "I'm in heaven!"
"Er, Luffy, aren't you feeling cold, dressed like that?" Usopp asked. Just as well, unlike the
rest of us bundled up in cold-weather garb, Luffy had decided to wear his usual attire.
"He's right, it's 10 degrees below freezing here." Vivi pointed out. "That's the same
temperature at which bears enter their winter torpor."
"Huh?" He turned to us, staring. "Oh, uh… COLD!" He began shivering.
"YOU ONLY JUST NOTICED?!" Usopp and Sanji snapped.
As Luffy went to go get a spare coat from the men's quarters (and Usopp went to make sure
he found it), the Merry continued sailing inland. "Oh, look there, a waterfall of melting
snow." Vivi pointed out. "At any rate, I think we can safely dock the ship around here."
"We'll need to try and find some kind of settlement." Nami spoke. "Zoro, you should stay
behind to watch the ship. Who else is coming along to search around?"
"I'll go!" Luffy announced, now in a winter coat and gloves.
"Me too." Sanji nodded.
"Alright, you guys have fun!" Usopp said.
"THAT'S FAR ENOUGH, PIRATES!" someone shouted. We looked up and saw that
numerous armed people in heavy clothing surrounded the ship on both shores, their guns

pointed right at us.
"Well, we found some people." Luffy said.
"Yeah... and they don't look happy…" Usopp noted.
"Your kind isn't welcome here." A large goateed man stepped forward, dressed in green
heavy clothes, complete with hat, and giving off the 'aura' of a bull. Greetings, Dalton. "Turn
your vessel around and leave… now!"
"We came here to find a doctor!" Luffy announced.
"We have a very sick crewman aboard!" Vivi pleaded.
"Don't try your dirty tricks on us, you filthy pirates!" a villager shouted. "We won't fall for
it!"
"That's right, this is our country!" another yelled. "We'll let no pirates set foot here! Now
raise your anchor and go! Or we'll blow your ship out of the water!"
"Well, that's just great." Sanji groused. "They already hate us, and we only just met."
"Shut up and get outta here!" one villager fired, landing a warning shot near Sanji's foot.
"GAH! They're firing on us!" Usopp panicked.
"How dare you?!" Sanji growled, entering a combat-ready stance.
"Sanji, wait!" Vivi called, grabbing the chef to try and hold him back. At the same time, the
villager flinched, firing again.
*BANG*
A spatter of blood hit the deck, but Vivi was unharmed. I used Shunpo to move right beside
her and move her away, taking the bullet myself.
"You jerks!" Luffy yelled, looking ready to fight. I held up a hand, making him stop. I glared
up at the same guy that fired his gun, who trembled at my look.
"Ow… you shot me, you a-hole." I whined. "Do you know how much that stings?" The bullet
fell out of my wound, which closed up.
"Uh… wha…" the villager uttered, confused.
"Look, let me make one thing clear to you…"
Suddenly, in a single Shunpo, I was standing right next to Dalton, my hand on his shoulder.
The man stiffened in shock, as did his allies, who hesitated to aim at me.

"There." I spoke. "Did anyone see that?"
The villagers all glanced around in confusion. "See… see what…?" one asked nervously.
"His movement." Dalton grunted. "And no, we didn't.
"Exactly. We are all strong enough or fast enough to blitz through you all with no issue, so
we have no need to deceive you. But we don't want to fight. Our friend, Cross, is in critical
condition right now. He needs a doctor, and this is the only island close enough."
I cast a look back at the crew, then removed Zangetsu from my waist, and shoved it into
Dalton's hand, to his shock. "We won't fight you. We place ourselves at your mercy. Please,
help us." I knelt down in the snow. A few moments later, I heard the rest of the crew on the
ship follow my lead.
Then, Zangetsu entered my vision, as Dalton handed him back to me. "Very well. I'll take you
to the village. Come with me!"
I got back to my feet and saw the other villagers standing down. Zoro and Carue stayed
behind on the Merry, while the rest of the crew disembarked, Sanji carrying Cross on his
back, Soundbite on his shoulder.
"Good work, Evan." Vivi grinned. "You did really well."
"I aim to please." I nodded back. "You could've done better, I'm sure."
"Vivi's right, Evan!" Luffy smiled. "That was really cool!"

~BtWwG~​

"I should warn you all of something." Dalton spoke as he led the way to the village. "There's
only one doctor left in this country… and she's a witch."
"A witch, really?" Reiju wondered.

"Damn, this island really is a weird place." Sanji grumbled. "What do you call this country of
yours, anyway?"
"This country… actually has no name."
"A country without a name?" Vivi puzzled. "I've never heard of such a thing."
"I thought this place was known as Drum Kingdom?" I asked.
"Indeed, it was…" Dalton sighed. "But we stopped calling it that, as we can't exactly be
called a kingdom anymore."
"WAAAAH!! A BEAR!" Usopp screamed, noticing a large, grey bear walking on two legs,
with a pickaxe as a walking stick, heading in our direction. "Everybody play dead!"
"That's just a Hiking Bear." Dalton explained. "It's not dangerous. Don't forget to bow, it's a
mountaineer tradition, and proper manners." He and the villagers with us bowed, and we
copied the gesture, which the bear returned.
A little further on, and we reached the village. There were numerous buildings made out of
brick with cone-shaped stone roofs, and several people and animals going about their day.
"This is our village, Bighorn." Dalton said.
"Those are some strange animals walking around here." Luffy noticed, seeing a White Walkie
and some kind of ram walk by.
"Boy, this really is snow country." Usopp added.
"Thank you, everyone." Dalton addressed the villagers. "Aside from those on guard duty, you
can return to your work."
"Will you be alright alone, Dalton?" a villager asked. "They are pirates."
"I don't believe they mean us any harm." Dalton replied. "Trust me. I feel it in my gut." The
villagers nodded, and waved, splitting up.
"They're not real soldiers?" Vivi asked.
Dalton shook his head. "I'm afraid not. They're all civilians. Please, come to my house for
now."
"Oh, hello, Dalton!" said a tall and rotund woman, which Luffy and Usopp hilariously
mistook for a hiking bear. "I heard there were pirates here! Is everything alright?"
"Yes, everything's fine, Maria." Dalton assured. "Nothing to worry about."
"I'm quite looking forward to the election in two days. Everyone keeps saying they're voting
for you!"

"Oh, I'm sure you're not serious about all that." Dalton waved off. "I'm just an ordinary
citizen; I'm not worthy of all that." Oh, ye of little faith, dear bull-man.
He led us into one of the homes, a small, yet cozy place. "Put him on the bed over there. I'll
get the room warmed up." As he got the fireplace going, Sanji and Nami helped get Cross
into the bed, sitting Soundbite next to him. "I never introduced myself properly, did I? I am
Dalton, the protector of this island. Please forgive our hostile reception."
"Eh, it's fine." I replied. "Given the unusual state of this island, I'm pretty sure you have your
reasons."
Dalton nodded, then turned to Vivi with an uncertain expression. "Begging your pardon,
miss, but I feel like I've seen you before somewhere…"
"I-It must be your imagination." Vivi stammered. "Anyway… tell us more about this 'witch'
of yours. Cross is doing really badly!"
"How long has he been like this?" Dalton asked.
"About three days now." I told him. "We've done what we can to help, but what he needs is
beyond us."
"We should get the doctor as soon as possible!" Luffy insisted. "Where does the witch live?"
"The witch…" Dalton started. "You see those mountains outside the window?"
"Yeah, we noticed them earlier." Sanji nodded, as we glanced out to the view of the range of
cylinders. "They're impressive."
"Those mountains are the 'Drum Rockies'. See the castle on the highest peak? The one in the
middle? Right now, that's a castle without a king. The only doctor in this country, Doctor
Kureha, whom people call 'The Witch', lives up there."
"Why the hell would she want to live all the way up there?" Sanji questioned. "Anyway, call
her down here! This is an emergency!"
"I'd like to, but I'm sorry. We have no way of contacting her."
"You must be joking!" Reiju exclaimed. "And she calls herself a doctor? Just what kind of
woman is she?!"
"Her skills as a doctor are indisputable." Dalton replied. "But she's… rather eccentric.
She is nearly 140 years old now."
"That old?!" Usopp goggled. "It's a wonder she's still alive!"
"But what happens when people down here get sick or injured?!" Vivi demanded.

"She comes down the mountain whenever she feels like it." Dalton explained. "Then she
looks for patients, treats them… then takes whatever she wants as payment, and goes home."
"She doesn't sound very nice…" Usopp commented.
"Sounds more like a pirate, really." Luffy added.
"But how does a woman that old get down the mountain?" Vivi asked.
"It sounds strange…" Dalton began. "But there's been people who say that on moonlit nights,
she rides a sleigh through the sky… and comes down the mountain that way. This is why they
call her a witch. Some say she comes with a strange creature unlike anything they've seen
before."
"Argh, I knew it!" Usopp shrieked. "A snow monster! It's a snow-covered mountain, after all!
Of course there'd be one!"
"Doctor Kureha is our only doctor remaining… but we don't like to get involved with her if
we can help it. It's best to just wait here until the next time she comes down."
"Theres no way we can wait that long." Reiju argued. "Cross is only going to get worse."
"Hey, Cross!" Luffy said, shaking the comms officer. "Hey, hey, Cross!"
Cross blinked himself awake. "Huh-wha…? Wh… where am I?"
"Cross, listen." Luffy asserted firmly. "We found an island, but there's only one doctor here,
who lives on top of a mountain. So, we're gonna climb it."
"SAY WHAT?!" Everyone began arguing, trying to dissuade Luffy from his crazy new idea. I
didn't bother, paying closer attention to Cross.
"So this is the village Dalton's staying in, huh?" he mumbled. "Whatzit called again…
Bigtooth… Bigfur…? Should get Luffy to ask 'round… Dunno how much difference
knowing where Ace is would make though… we'll see him anyways…" Still speaking his
thoughts aloud. We need to get him help before he spills anything outside the crew.
Soundbite nudged Cross' shoulder, getting his attention. "Hey, buddy…" he grinned. "How
you been?"
Soundbite shot him a shaky smile. "I'M good…" His smile died into a grimace. "You're
not…"
"Yeah…" Cross winced, rubbing his face miserably. "That's for damn sure. Don't worry,
though, the crew'll get me fixed right up. It's… not gonna be easy, though…" He held out his
palm, with a hopeful grin. "Feel up to braving the elements with me?"

Soundbite shot a glance at the snow-laden window before smirking and sliding onto his palm.
"Let's do it!"
Yeah, I figured he'd be up for it. He put the snail in one of his coat's inner pockets, then
coughed to grab the others' attention. "Hey… could I… see that mountain you were talking
about?"
"Yeah, sure thing!" Luffy agreed eagerly, sliding under his arm, and painstakingly helping
him to the window, showing him the Drum Rockies.
"Sheer rock faces?" he asked.
"Looks like it!" Luffy confirmed with a grin.
"Inhospitable temperatures?"
"I swear I have frostbite already, and that's just down here…" Usopp whimpered.
"Ravenous beasts?"
"I heard ten SPECIES ON THE WAY HERE ALONE! WANTED TO EAT US ALIVE!"
Soundbite spoke up eagerly.
"So… overall, it's a deathtrap?"
"That's… a bit much, but accurate." Dalton admitted.
Cross was silent for a moment, then slowly turned his head to us, a goofy grin on his face. "Is
it my birthday?" he sang dizzily.
"Oh god…" Nami and Usopp groaned miserably.
"Woohoo! We're going up!" Luffy whooped eagerly.
"Woo-!" Cross threw his arms up aside his… then started tilting over. "Oh son of a-!" Aaand
he was out again.
Reiju sighed. "Poor Cross. An adrenaline-pumping adventure, and he has to be unconscious
for it."
"Better that way!" Usopp shouted. "He's as crazy as Luffy is!"
"Are we sure he'll be okay?" Vivi asked in concern.
"I'll look after him!" Luffy nodded. "Leave everything to me!" He turned to Dalton. "Hey, I
need some meat for the road!"
"Meat?"

"Fine. Then I'm going too." Sanji insisted.
"Really, little brother?" Reiju asked with a cocked eyebrow.
"Snailmail might not be a lovely lady, but right now, it doesn't matter. What does matter is
that he's a brother in arms and a damn good friend. What kind of knight in shining armor
would I be if I just left him to die? Besides," He smirked around his cigarette. "If I left him to
our idiot Captain, we'd get him back in pieces!"
Reiju giggled. "Well said." she nodded, ruffling his hair, to his annoyance.
"Remember, Luffy." I told him. "You're bringing him to the doctor, not playing in the snow or
adventuring. He is way more fragile than you."
"I know, I know!" Luffy responded.
"Now hold still!" Vivi said, tying Cross to Luffy's back. "I have to make sure it's tight
enough. There, that should do it." She stood back up, her work done. "The rest of us will wait
here. Too many of us will only get in the way."
"Alright! Hang on tight, Cross!" Luffy exclaimed, walking onward with Sanji in tow.
"Hold on!" Dalton called. "You should at least start from the other side. There are Lapins on
this side. Vicious, carnivorous rabbits that hunt in packs. It's certain death if you run into
them!"
"We gotcha!" The pair kept going, clearly not going to let a bunch of 'over-grown rabbits'
stop them from helping Cross.
"I hope they'll be all right." Dalton said.
"It's not those two we need to worry about." Nami commented.
"The real question is, will Cross hold up long enough to get up there?" Vivi stated.
"Well, at any rate, it's cold out here." Dalton remarked. "We should head inside."
"That's all right." Vivi said. "I'll stay out here for a while."
"M-Me too." Usopp agreed, despite his shivering.
"Same here." Nami spoke, leaning into me. I hugged her from behind, the cold nearly
forgotten. Reiju nodded, standing with her arms behind her back.
"...I see." Dalton smiled. "In that case, I'll keep you company." He took a seat on the ground
beside us. After a bout of silence, he spoke up. "You know, we used to have many more
doctors here, long ago. But circumstances caused them all to leave us. They were very good

at what they did when they were still here. Our country was well-known for our advanced
medicine. But that country is long gone now."
"What went wrong?" Vivi asked.
"Several months ago, we suffered a vicious attack, and our country was destroyed…
destroyed by pirates." Usopp and Vivi gasped, Nami and Reiju frowned.
"Yeah, that certainly explains why everyone was so hostile when we arrived." I noted.
"Indeed." Dalton nodded. "The mere mention of pirates still makes everyone uneasy. It was a
crew of only five. The captain called himself 'Blackbeard'." I barely kept from flinching at the
bastard's name. "They were incredibly powerful, we never had a chance. They defeated us
before we even knew what hit us."
"Only five of them?" Vivi asked. "Unbelievable!"
"It would be, but just look at our crew." Nami noted.
"What's more…" Dalton spoke. "Is that some people here think of it like a blessing!"
"What good could possibly come from a country being destroyed?" Reiju wondered.
"Yeah, that sounds crazy!" Usopp agreed.
"I agree, but the people have their reasons. It's because the kingdom was under tyranny! This
country may have been renowned for our advanced medical science, but only twenty doctors
were allowed to stay in it. The rest were either killed or banished by the king's Doctor Hunt."
"What?" Vivi whispered in horror. "Why… why would he do that?!"
"To give the king complete control over our country's medical facilities!" Dalton growled in
frustration. "With no other doctors, the citizens were forced to plead to the king for help.
Holding every sick person in the country hostage… It was criminal! The name of the man
who did this… the old Drum Kingdom's ruler… is Wapol!"
"Wait, him?!" Nami exclaimed.
"Crap, not Wapol!" Usopp cried.
"Oh god, now I remember him…!" Vivi muttered.
"Wait, you've met Wapol too?!" Dalton gasped.
"That's right." Reiju said. "He's the pirate that attacked our ship the other day. I remember
him mentioning Drum Kingdom before…"
"Yes, I remember him clearly now." Vivi added. "When I was a child, my father took me to a

Reverie, and I met him there."
"Wait, a Reverie?" Dalton wondered, staring at her. "Just who are-!" His eyes widened
marginally. "I remember now… that's why I recognize you! You're King Cobra's daughter,
Princess Vivi, aren't you?" Vivi clapped her hand to her mouth. Well, shit, he remembers Vivi
this time. That's different. "You were the little girl Wapol struck, yet put on a brave face to
keep the peace."
Vivi hesitated, then sighed. "Me and my big mouth… Yes, it is me. But... wait a moment,
how could you recognize me? You were there?"
Dalton grimaced, looking down. "To my shame, I used to be the Captain of the King's Guard.
It was some time ago that I finally stood up to Wapol, and he had me thrown in prison for it.
Dr. Kureha let me out when she took the castle. I've been trying to make up for things ever
since." He suddenly looked up. "You said you saw Wapol the other day?"
"That's right." Reiju nodded. "But I don't get it. Drum Kingdom was defeated, but not only is
the king still alive, he's turned pirate. Why?"
"He's just calling himself a pirate as a cover." Dalton explained. "In truth, Wapol is scouring
the waters in search of this island, so he can return."
"Then the men on the ship…" Vivi started. "They were the kingdom's soldiers who lost to the
pirates, who got driven off the island?"
"Defeated? HA!" Dalton barked. "What a joke! When the pirates attacked, Wapol's army
didn't even attempt to fight! Once he learned how strong the pirates were… Wapol took the
soldiers and the Twenty MDs, abandoning the nation to its fate, fleeing like cowards! The
country lost hope… abandoned by our own king…"
"How… HOW COULD A KING DO SUCH A THING TO HIS OWN COUNTRY?!" Vivi
raged. "How sickening… a king abandoning his people… despicable!"
"Because some people let the power go to their heads." I commented. "People who aren't
made to handle it; and while absolute power doesn't actually corrupt absolutely, it does reveal
the true self they may hide."
"Quite right, on all counts." Dalton agreed. "But now Wapol's evil reign is over. This island
belongs to those of us who were left behind! The towns and villages are beginning to recover.
Right now, we're united and trying to build something new. So what we fear most is the
return of Wapol and his followers more than anything. Until we've finished rebuilding, the
restoration of his brutal monarchy would be the end of us. What we want most… is to make a
new, peaceful nation for ourselves."
"Very commendable, Mister Dalton." Reiju smiled.
"Jeez, the weather's really starting to pick up." Usopp mentioned, the snow coming down a
little harder, and the wind and chill had gone up.

"Really hope Cross is okay…" Vivi spoke.
"...if I may ask something." Dalton began. "Just who are you people?"
"What makes you ask?" Nami wondered.
"A crew of eight pirates, recklessly sailing the Grand Line without a doctor, and with the
Princess of Alabasta in their company? I find it very odd, you don't seem like pirates to me."
"We're a Peace Main crew." I explained. "The complete opposite of a Morganeer crew like
Blackbeard's. We're helping Vivi with a mass conspiracy enveloping her homeland, and we've
been on the search for a doctor, but haven't found one for the crew yet. To answer all your
queries."
"Don't forget Crocus, who went and refused to join us." Reiju reminded.
"That too."
"Ah, Dalton, Dalton!" called the bear-like lady, Maria, coming toward us. "I heard you and
the newcomers were looking for the Doctor."
"That's right, but their friends have already taken the patient up the mountain." Dalton
replied.
"Yes, I heard. It's too bad, because I heard the witch is over in Cocoa Weed right now!"
"WH-WHAT?!" Vivi, Usopp, Nami and Dalton all yelled in unison.
"Damn it, the others must have passed her!" Reiju cursed.
"We-We need to go get the doctor, right now!" Nami stuttered.
"I'll go." I stated. "My Shunpo will let me get there in record time. Dalton, which direction is
Cocoa Weed in? Not the road to it, the exact direction of the village, I'm gonna take a straight
line."
Dalton looked confused, but pointed out the direction to me. "That way."
"Alright." I nodded. "You guys stay here, and don't worry. I'll get the witch to Cross."
Nami reached up and gave me a kiss. "Good luck."
I grinned, then launched myself into the air, followed by pushing a Shunpo off of a hastilymade reishi platform, sending me flying in the direction I was going for. As I recall, this is
the method the Soul Reapers used when they were 'flying'. When I began slowing down over
the treetops, I repeated my method, going flying once more.

I continued this until I finally saw the village of Cocoa Weed getting close, then landed just
on the outskirts, and Shunpo'd one more time to the front door of Stool's Inn. Seeing Kureha's
sleigh nowhere in sight, I ignored the surprised onlookers, and went in. Inside, along with the
customers sitting around, and the kid the doctor helped… Tamachibi, I think? He was lying
down on a small bed, looking like he was feeling better from whatever he was suffering.
"Ah… c-can I help you?" a man asked, the proprietor and Tamachibi's father, probably.
"The doctor was here, right?" I asked desperately. "Where has she gone now?"
"She was headed to the town of Gyasta, due east of here."
"Thank you!" I turned and left the place, then used my Shunpo Launcher technique to send
myself flying east. Over more snow-capped trees and frosted clearings I flew, starting to feel
winded. I kept going, until I saw another village, this one with a pair of giant ice rinks, one
built for hockey, the other I assume for casual skating. Once I was close, I saw Kureha
packing up her sleigh, Chopper in his reindeer form hitched to it. They looked up in surprise
as I appeared.
"Doctor Kureha?" I gasped, catching my breath.
"Yes?" she questioned, eyebrow raised. "Can I help you, young man?"
"Our crew just made landfall today." I explained. "Our friend, Cross, is seriously sick with
something he must've caught on the last island. Little Garden, a naturally-occurring
prehistoric preserve. Whatever he's got, it acts like cholera, but on crack. Our Captain and
Cook already took him to climb up the mountain to your castle, so we need to get there and
get ready to receive them! Please!"
Both of Kureha's eyebrows were raised this time, and out of the corner of my eye, I noticed
Chopper looked concerned as well.
"Well, this sure is interesting." Doctor Kureha noted. "I sure don't know how your friends
expect to be able to climb the island's tallest sheer rock face."
I grinned. "Trust me, Doc. Our Captain, Luffy, got up on the execution stand in Loguetown,
declared he'd be King of the Pirates while an old enemy had him pinned and ready to execute
him there, the platform got struck by lightning just in time, and he just got up from the
wreckage no worse for wear. If he says he's gonna climb that mountain, you can
be damn well sure he'll climb it."
Kureha lifted her sunglasses, giving me an incredulous look, then lowered them again. "KAK
KAK KAK KAK KAK! Well, if that don't beat all! Fine, let's go see this patient you've got
for me." She jerked her thumb toward the sleigh. "Get in."
I obeyed her order, and she hopped right in with me. "Let's go, Chopper!"
The reindeer nodded, and we were off like a shot.

Chapter 20: N̷i̷n̷j̷a̷ Pirate Clash in the Land of Snow, Part II
Chapter Notes

Sorry for the late chapter. But looking at it, with most of it consisting of retyped TB!
content, it's a bit filler-y. So, I decided to post it today, so that y'all can enjoy the thrilling
conclusion tomorrow, even if it ruins the suspense of the surprise at the end of the
chapter.
Speaking of which: Preemptive 'Surprise, Futhermuckers!'

Chopper made good time getting to the ropeway and speeding the sleigh up it, bringing us up
to the castle. I followed their instructions as I helped them prepare the place for their three
incoming patients. Not long after everything was in place, Chopper smelled them nearing the
top of the mountain. We both sped outside, where I used a Hainawa to yank the trio away
from the crumbling snowbank Luffy had clambered up to.
I helped Chopper bring them in, then stepped aside to let him and Doctorine do their work
without getting in the way. I considered using my two healing items to help Sanji and Luffy,
but the last thing I needed was to fall under Kureha's scrutiny. Besides, they'd be fine.
Probably. Also, if they needed them later, I could use them later. After a couple of hours, they
were done their work, and Cross was completely safe. Kureha had even cooked up a cocktail
that would help alleviate Cross' weakness issue.
"Hey, Evan." I heard from the doorway. I looked up, seeing Sanji up and about again, clad in
bandages, walking in to join me in waiting for Cross to wake.
"Sanji, you doing alright?" I asked in concern.
"Yeah, fine. My spine and ribs are sore, but I'll live. Luffy looked like he'd be fine, when I
saw him. That Doctor-Witch sure does good work."
'Not just her, Simp King.' I thought with a smirk. 'You'll figure that out soon, I'm sure.'
We heard Cross stirring and turned, only to jump at Kureha standing over him. How
the fuck did she get past-?! Alright, that's it. Spirit senses clearly don't work right in this
world. I need Observation Haki ASAP.
Cross cracked his eyes open, leaning up with a wide yawn, then jerking back in shock with a
yelp as he saw what loomed over him. "Are you the grim reaper?" he whispered in dull
horror.

"Kak kak kak kak!" Kureha cackled. "That bony bastard only wishes he looked as good as
me!"
Cross sighed in relief, hand to his chest. "Thank god. I'm too badass to die…"
"HE LIES!"
"Soundbite!" Cross smiled, scooping up his partner from his spot on the bedpost. "Thank
fuck you made it, who else would keep me honest?"
"YOU'D be dead as a doornail without me!" Soundbite cackled.
"Or me, brat." the Witch smirked, holding out a hand. "Doctor Kureha, your attending
physician."
"Jeremiah Cross, your very thankful patient." he said, gingerly shaking said hand. "Sorry if
this seems rushed, but mind if I ask for my prognosis?"
"Give it to me straight, doc!" Soundbite sobbed through his toothy grin. "Will ah ever be
able to play the violin again?!"
"Well, your snail's sense of humor is a lost cause, but I'm sure you already knew that…"
Kureha mused, an eyebrow raised.
"Long since rotten from the moment I found him, Doc." Cross shrugged with a sigh, ignoring
Soundbite's chorus of raspberries.
"As for you, you're currently processing a battery of antibiotics to combat the bacteria in you.
You'll need to be kept under observation for a few days, but overall, you seem to be in good
condition."
Cross relaxed, sighing in relief. "Thank god again…" He looked at Kureha in concern. "...my
friends?"
"The curly-browed one wrecked his back something fierce, and the straw-hatted boy had
some of the worst frostbite I've seen, but they'll pull through. That boy though…" She
grinned, taking a swig from the bottle in her hand. "He sure is something, isn't he?"
"Why do you think he's the current number one contender for King of the Pirates?"
Kureha laughed again, smile widening.
"Wonder what I had…" Cross mumbled aloud. "...checked myself twice after we left Little
Garden… couldn't have gotten Kestia…"
"You didn't." Kureha interrupted.
"Huh?"

"You didn't have Kestia." she explained with a shrug. "Don't know where you got the name,
but what you did have was damn close." She jabbed her bony finger into his stomach. "A
waterborne bacteria known as vibrio cholerae primogenitalis, a.k.a. Primal Cholera, a.k.a.
Cholera's badass ancestor. Another day without treatment, and you'd be very dead. What, did
you fuck up and gulp down still water on that prehistoric preserve your friend mentioned?"
"Not by choice." Cross grumbled darkly, scratching the back of his head. "I was running from
a pair of assassins, and ended up hiding myself in a-GRGGGH!" He cut himself off in a
choked squawk. "How… how did you know I was thinking about Kestia?"
"'Cause you didn't think it, you spoke it." I interjected, getting Cross to finally look over at
us, freezing at the sight of Sanji. "According to the Doc, one of Primal Cholera's symptoms is
a mild brain fever that lowers some barriers in your head, making patients unwittingly speak
their minds. Not just when they're conscious, either."
Cross stared in mounting horror. "You mean… the entire time I've been sick, I've
been running my damn mouth?!"
"Exactly." Kureha nodded.
Sanji puffed out smoke from his cigarette, coolly meeting Cross' gaze. "We need to talk,
Cross."
Cross shuddered violently in terror, then turned to Kureha. "You wouldn't happen to advocate
euthanasia by any chance, would you?"
"KAK KAK KAK KAK KAK!!"
"Doctor." Sanji began politely. "Would you mind giving us some privacy, please? It's
important."
Kureha sniffed, ignoring Cross' desperate look, standing and taking another swig of her drink.
"Cocky young bastard, ordering around a young damsel like me in my own damn home…
very well, I'll leave you be." Without warning, she jabbed her finger into Sanji's recovering
spine, making him bite back a cry of pain.
"For ten minutes." she intoned menacingly. "After that, you're going back in bed, like it or
not. Got it?" Sanji nodded in terror. "Glad to hear it. You kids have fun now." And with that,
she left us.
For a while after the door shut, it was an uncomfortable silence, none of us knowing how to
begin, until Cross eventually broke it. "How much…?" he asked weakly.
"Before we left, some of us asked around Bighorn, like you suggested." Sanji replied. "I'm
not sure who was more surprised: Luffy at finding out his brother is waiting for him in
Alabasta, or the rest of us finding out that Luffy had brothers, period."

Cross laughed weakly, eyes scrunching shut. "Brothers. Plural. God damn it… Everything. I
told you practically fucking everything and you all heard it. Hell! It's probably gonna be
easier to list what I didn't blurt out!"
"At the very least, you were a bit vague." I pointed out. "You name-dropped some people,
described some places, that kinda thing. However, what you said was… revealing, at any
rate. Everyone thought you might've been a Baroque Works plant when you mentioned Cobra
and Kohza. Until you kept going…"
"Nojiko, Coby, Patty and Carne… then Kuina." Sanji continued. "That last one, none of us
knew, period." He shot Cross a half-hearted smirk. "Seriously, you should've seen how pale
moss-head got. I owe you for that alone."
"Yeah, I… I can imagine." Cross grimaced. He massaged his face miserably and breathed out
his nose. "Look, let's… I imagine you have a lot of questions for me, so… go ahead. Let me
have it." He glanced at me. "Unless Evan already answered them?"
I shook my head. "I told them answers would come once you were either recovered or dead."
Sanji contemplated to himself for a moment, then nodded gravely. "Cross, it is very important
you tell me everything you can about one person."
Cross nodded, swallowing heavily. "I should have figured… who, then? Blackbeard?
Akainu? CP9, maybe?" He winced. "If it's Doflamingo, then believe me, man, we need to
be careful. I don't even wanna think about how many ears that bastard has…"
"No, none of those. This is more important than any of them." Sanji sighed, his face as
serious as a nuclear winter. He slowly walked over to Cross, who flinched as Sanji grabbed
his shoulders to make him face towards him. "I need you to tell me… about Princess
Shirahoshi."
…
…fucking what?
"Wait, what?!" Cross sputtered in disbelief.
"You heard me! Tell me about the Mermaid Princess!" Like clockwork, Sanji had entered full
blown Love Hurricane mode, swirling about the room with hearts in his eyes. "The most
beautiful creature beneath the seas, an exquisite example of the feminine form, truly
Aphrodite incarnate! You have to tell me all about her, I beg of you! I'll do whatever I have
to, just tell me about her!"
…I should have foreseen this. It's Sanji, after all, the Simp King. Of course his only concern
over our metaknowledge is for Shirahoshi. I sighed, shaking my head with an exasperated
smirk.
"WOW…" Soundbite whistled in dull shock.

"Uh… okay…" Cross hesitated. "I'll start by telling you that there are a grand total of three
obstacles in the way of you being able to act as her Knight in Shining Love. First, she's
twenty-thousand leagues under the sea."
"Twenty-thousand or a hundred, it matters not!" Sanji swooned. "I will traverse through Hell
itself to lay eyes upon such a beauty!"
"Riiiight… second, she's constantly locked up in the tower that acts as her room because of
how she's being stalked by a local crime lord with a really dangerous Devil Fruit ability."
"I will beat that blackguard within an inch of his life!" Sanji roared, swapping seamlessly
from lovestruck to burning-hot fury. "Even if I must fight through an army of such villains,
my love will endure!"
Cross' eye twitched. "Alright then, now for the clincher… she's underage."
Sanji froze mid-pirouette. "W-What?" he whimpered miserably.
"He's right." I nodded, neither me nor Cross able to fight off a shit-eating grin. "She's
currently sixteen years old, so-" I paused, thinking. "Wait, no. That's in two years when
we actually meet her. Which means she's somewhere around fourteen or fifteen now."
Cross cringed. "Eesh, that just makes it worse… Vander Decken is a fucking skeezy bastard."
"Don't need to tell me." I sneered. "Always thought of going down there and taking the
fucker's hands, present them to King Neptune as a gift."
Sanji was frozen for a few moments… then fell to his knees and howled, like a goddamned
wounded animal. "WHHHHYYYYYY?! CURSE YOU, FATHER TIME! CUUUUURSE
YOOOOOUUUU!!"
Soundbite cocked an eyestalk, with an unimpressed expression. "Seriously?"
"This is not helping with the whole tinnitus thing we spoke about." I noted, digging a finger
in my ear.
"Pfff…"
Cross was hunched over, hands clamped over his mouth, trying to contain himself. To no
avail, of course. "Pfff…PFFFFFHAHAHAHAHA! O-O-OH MY GOOOOD, YOUR F-AACE! HAHAHAHA!!"
Sanji huffed in aggravation, pulling himself together and straightening his clothes.
"I'm so glad my agony is amusing to you Cross…" he grumbled.
"T-Thanks for that, Sanji…" he managed to bite out through his wheezes. "That… that meant
a lot to me."

"Hmph…" Sanji puffed on his death-stik for a moment, then slowly smiled. "Any time,
Cross." The smile vanished as quick as it came, replaced by seriousness. "But this isn't the
end of things, you know. You are gonna have to explain how you know so much." He turned
to give me the look too. "Both of you."
"And you'll get it." I nodded firmly. "We'll explain as best we can, but we need to get ready
for it. Once we're all back on the Merry, we'll get it out of the way, so we don't need to do it
twice. Good enough?"
"That's about what I was thinking too." Cross agreed.
Sanji thought about that, then nodded slowly. "Alright, fair enough… but you will tell us
everything, right?"
Cross shrugged, grinning sheepishly. "As much as we can, at least. I'm pretty sure Luffy
would object to me spilling anything else."
"What, our Captain has more secrets?" the love cook asked, eyebrow cocked in disbelief.
Cross snorted. "Hell no. Sabo and Ace were the only ones he's kept, or at least, the only ones
I'm aware of, anyway. He just… doesn't like spoilers, you know?"
I chuckled. "Yeah, the rubber moron is eager to reach our destination, but he doesn't wanna
know every last detail of the journey ahead of time."
Sanji mulled that over, then nodded in agreement. "Yeah… I get what you mean. Alright, I'll
wait until we get out of here. For now, though…" He swallowed with a grimace. "I'm going
to get back in bed. I don't want to contemplate what the witch'll do to me if she catches up
with me right now. Still, I'll check on Luffy. See if he wants to come visit you too." And with
that, he turned round and stepped out.
"YEAH, YOU'D BETTER RUN!" Soundbite snickered at his back.
Cross started as a thought seemed to occur to him. "Say, Evan…?" I looked back at him.
"The… the others… the rest of the crew… are they… angry at me, or…?"
I ran back our trip here, then shook my head. "Aside from Zoro grumbling about you being a
hypocrite," Cross winced. "The others are curious about what we know, but otherwise, not
really. They were worried about you, JC. We all were."
Cross smiled softly. "Right, that's… that's good to hear. Thanks, Evan."
I nodded. Cross took a few moments, then glanced at Soundbite. "Alright, time for a damage
check. Start by listing off all the names I gave."
Over the next half-hour, Soundbite went over everything Cross had spilled since he collapsed
in the lounge. At least half our future destinations, several future enemies, and a plethora of

past friends and family members. No exact details, thankfully, but it still left Cross slumped
back in bed, overwhelmed by the amount of things he'd inadvertently spoke.
"Oy vey…" he groaned morosely. "Is that the end of it?"
"THAT'S JUST the names we recognized." Soundbite replied, shaking his head. "That
thing I ate that LETS ME HEAR SO MUCH. THAT WAS an iPhone, RIGHT?"
"Bruh." I rolled my eyes. "You were an iPhone sheep? Dude, Android for lyfe."
"Fuck yourself." Cross shot back. "How much tech did I mention?"
"Everything from computers to planes and trains."
"I mean, there are trains that exist here."
"MAG-lev TRAINS?" Soundbite asked.
"Ah… fair point…"
"ALSO, who's Eiichiro Oda? OR IS IT Goda? You used both."
Cross began rhythmically thumping the back of his skull against the headboard. "For the love
of… whenever I mentioned One Piece, did I ever occasionally mention anything about
'volumes'?"
"Maybe? You did mention the 'collection' at one point… I dunno, you weren't always
coherent."
"Yeeeeaaah, that figures…" Cross groaned miserably. "Urgh… damn it, can things-?"
"AHE-hem!" Soundbite firmly interrupted.
"Ah, thanks." he winced in embarrassment. "That was a close one. God knows that Murphy is
active around here…"
"To invoke the wrath of Murphy is to invite Chaos upon your doorstep." I intoned wisely.
Then we noticed Soundbite indicating the doorway with his eyestalks. We followed his
sightline… and noticed a squat figure covered in brown fur and sporting a blue nose standing
there, trying to hide from us. Emphasis on trying.
Why is he so adorable, dammit.
"You do realize that your way of hiding is… so inefficient it hurts, right?" Cross spoke flatly.
"EEP!" Chopper squawked in shock, hastily flipping his position.
"Yeeeaaah… A, we've already seen you, B, that position isn't really that good for spying

anyway, and C? The antlers… really aren't doing you any favors. Just FYI."
"HEEHEEHEEHAHAHA!" Soundbite cackled.
"S-SHUT UP, HUMAN!" Chopper barked out. "ALSO, HOW ARE YOU FEELING, IS
YOUR FEVER DOWN?!"
"Eh…" Cross put the back of his hand on his forehead. "I… think my temperature's a bit
high? Not sure, though. Still, overall, I think I'm good." Suddenly, an angry sounding
grumbling noise erupted from Cross, making him curl up painfully. Knowing what was
coming, I stepped back a bit to sit in a nearby chair. "Ooookay, apart from that! Do you know
where the bathroom is, or-?"
"Ah, hang on a minute!" Chopper hastily darted over to the bed, scrambling beneath it. "JJust hold it in long enough for me to change the pan! Also, make sure you're over the hole
when you go!"
"What ho-oh!" He shifted around, then found the bed's go-hole. Then he tensed. "Wait, who
the hell took my pants?!"
"That was me!" Chopper slid out from under the bed, one hoof clamped over his nose, the
other holding a metal bedpan as far from himself as possible. "Sorry, we didn't have much
choice. Normal cholera alone includes diarrhea as a symptom, but Primal Cholera is… much
more hostile. This is the third time I've had to replace your pan today! Oh, by the way? You
should really eat more vegetables, I think you might be low on Vitamin A."
"You can tell that much by smell alone?" I asked, eyebrow cocked. "Impressive."
"Certainly not by choice!" the young Zoan gagged, setting down the old pan and digging a
fresh one out of a cabinet before going back under the bed. "Gimme a second… okay, you're
good to go!" He hastily slid back out.
Cross let out a sigh of relief, unleashing the payload. "Oooh, thank you sweet mercifulAGH!" He winced. "I take that back: screw you, God, screw you hard!"
Chopper and I winced at the noises, but then the little doctor sighed with relief. "Well, at least
you sound healthy enough. You should be good to go in a few days."
"Joy on earth…" Cross groaned miserably. Then he eyed Chopper contemplatively. "Sooo…
what are you, exactly? Some kind of arctic jackalope?"
"I'M A REINDEER!" Chopper roared irately, showing off his forelimbs. "SEE?! HOOVES!"
Cross grinned sheepishly, hands raised in surrender. "I see 'em, I see 'em. My bad. Still… a
reindeer that walks on two legs, eh? Guess that makes you something of a monster, huh?"
Seeing the wave of emotion that swept over Chopper nearly had me Gibbs Smack the hell
outta Cross… if I didn't already pick up what he was going for. "I know, right?" I grinned.

"Isn't he awesome?"
"So awesome." Cross grinned back.
That was not what Chopper expected, his expression truly thunderstruck. "Buh-whaseriously?!"
We both nodded eagerly. "Hell yeah, why wouldn't it be?" Cross asked.
"B-B-But, look at me!" Chopper stammered, arm flailing at himself. "I-I'm covered in fur! I
walk on two hooves, I have antlers! M-My nose is blue!"
"That is true facts." I nodded.
"Doesn't any of that scare you, o-o-or disgust you o-or…?!" Chopper trailed off helplessly.
'Jesus tapdancing Christ…' I thought. 'The poor kid really needed some positive affirmation.'
"Why, though?" Cross wondered. "It's pretty damned obvious you've got a Zoan-type Devil
Fruit, those things are always weird. What is it, anyway? Ox-Ox Fruit, Model: Stag, or
something?"
"I… no, the opposite." We winced, Chopper looking like his hope began draining away. "I…
I ate the Human-Human Fruit. I… I was originally a reindeer…" He instinctively flinched
back, obviously expecting a familiar reaction.
"For real?" I asked, smirking. "Damn, now that's cool!"
"HUH?!" Chopper barked in disbelief.
"That's right!" Cross said. "I mean, come on! Ninety percent of all other Zoans? They're
humans who can turn into animals. But an animal that can become human? Now that's rare, if
not completely unique! Guess that makes you a really special monster, doesn't it?"
Chopper flinched again, but less severely now. "W-Why… do you keep calling me-?"
"A monster? Easy: because monsters are really cool. Down and out awesome, no question
about it."
Chopper's mouth worked uselessly, but Cross kept going before he responded. I stood by,
knowing he could put words together here better than me, though I can still back him up.
"Ya see, what I said earlier about most other Zoans? Same basic concept: majority of the
normal people on the Blue Seas are completely normal average joes, dime-a-dozen cookiecutter humans, nothing weird about them. Hence, monsters like you who are abnormal and
out of the ordinary? In my opinion, they're pretty awesome, simple as."
The little human-reindeer stared at the commie in shock, before swallowing heavily and

turning around, pretending (badly) to busy himself at the shelves. "A-And how do you know
they're awesome, huh? Y-You've seen a lot of monsters or something?"
"Oh yeah, sure!" Cross smiled wildly. "You see a lot of cool monsters when you live a pirate's
life!"
Chopper tensed for a moment before fake-working even more frantically. "Y-Y-You guys're
pirates? For real?"
"Damn straight!" I nodded. "So are the rest of our crew. Remember the guy you treated for
frostbite? That's our Captain! Oh, right, just so you know, we're real pirates. Peace Mains, the
adventure and freedom loving ones. Not the worthless, raiding Morganeers like the
Blackbeards!"
"W-Wow, really?" Chopper mumbled half-heartedly. "T-That's cool…"
"Damn right it is!" Cross continued. "And some of those monsters I mentioned? Four of them
are in this castle at this very moment!"
"HUH?!" Chopper yelped, swinging around and staring in wide-eyed shock. "Really?!"
"Heck yeah! Here's one right now!" He held up Soundbite for him to see. "Meet Soundbite.
Oh right, nearly forgot, my name is Jeremiah Cross. Anyways, if you would, partner?"
"HELLO, HELLO, HELLO!" Soundbite mimicked an acapella.
"There, see that? A snail capable of harmonizing with itself! That's nowhere near normal, I
guaran-freaking-tee it!"
Chopper eyed Soundbite in awe, and swallowed heavily. "A-And the others?"
"Our other crewmates you're treating. The blond guy is Sanji, our chef, and the guy with the
hat, which I really hope you left on him, is Straw Hat Luffy, our Captain. Both monsters in
their own right."
"The last one is me." I spoke up, jabbing my thumb at myself, Chopper blinking in shock.
"The name's Seidler D. Evan, nice to meet you."
Chopper frowned in confusion. "Monsters? But… you're… all human."
"Yeah, about that…" I began. "There's a lot of types of monsters in this world. A whole lot.
Sanji's got a kick strong enough to cave in the chest of a whole-ass dinosaur! Me, I can
summon magical artifacts from other worlds, like my sword, which can transform." For a
brief moment, Chopper had stars in his eyes at the thought. "Then there's Luffy. If you'd
treated him, you'd have figured out that his body is made of rubber, thanks to the Devil Fruit
he ate."
"Yeah, and really, that's one of the least monstrous things about him." Cross added.

"Wow…" Chopper breathed, looking down in contemplation. Then he gave Cross a pleading
look. Uhh… could you… tell me more about your captain?"
"ASK him yourself!" Soundbite interrupted. "HE'S ON his way now!"
"Uh-oh…" Cross groaned, facepalming miserably. "Yeah, Chopper, you'd better get out of
here now. Like right now, before he gets here!"
"Huh? W-Why?!" Chopper asked nervously. "D-Do you think he won't like me b-because of
what I am?"
"Heeeeell no!" Cross scoffed. "I bet you Beri to beer barrels that he's gonna think you're the
coolest thing since sliced ham! Aaaafter he's done trying to eat you, at any rate."
"WHAT?!"
"Yeah, something else that makes Luffy such a monster?" I disclosed. "His ridiculous appetite
and fondness of meat. Since he hasn't eaten in several hours, he's not gonna notice you can
talk until he's already tried to take a bite outta you, aaand Sanji might be disoriented enough
to try and help cook you."
"Exactly." Cross agreed. "So yeah, you should really run before they get here. Nothing
personal, mind you, Luffy just loves to eat and you're part animal, so… yeah." He shrugged
helplessly. "Sucks to be you, huh?"
Chopper swallowed nervously, then turned and darted towards the doorway. Sadly, he just
wasn't fast enough.
"HEY CRO-Oomph! Huh? What the heck?"
Because he ran headlong into Luffy's legs just as the rubber man arrived.
Luffy's face was curiously blank for a second as Chopper stammered fearfully, then he gained
that familiar look of hunger. "Is that… a reindeer?" he asked eagerly, slowly drooling. "I've
never tasted reindeer before!"
"Give me ten seconds, and I'll give you a venison roast that's to die for!" Sanji piped up
behind the Captain.
I should intervene and try to resolve this without a chase sequence, I really should. But this
was too funny, and I wasn't sure it would stop them anyway.
"RUN LITTLE DOCTOR-MAN, RUN!" Cross cried out dramatically.
"YEEEAAARGH!" Chopper screamed as he turned tail and ran like the wind.
"COME BACK, DINNER MEAT!" Luffy roared, giving chase.

"HANG ON, LUFFY, LET ME COOK HIM FIRST!" Sanji shouted, right behind him.
I sighed. "Good lord, this crew…" I breathed with fondness.
Cross chuckled lightly. "Sounds like Chopper'll be a great addition to our little family, huh?"
"Oh? It does, does it?" came an elderly voice from the doorway, making us stiffen in shock.
"Gotta WORK on that…" Soundbite cursed softly.
"You and me both…" I grumbled in agreement.
Cross swallowed heavily, then sighed. "Chopper couldn't have helped treat me that much due
to… the smell, meaning you were up close and personal while I was jabbering… meaning
that with my luck, you heard me talking about Chopper before I'd even seen him…" He
looked up at Kureha in resignation. "So, are we good enough for the little guy to come with
us?"
"Hmph…" Kureha huffed, striding into the room. "You sure are something, I'll give you that
much for free. Far better than those Blackbeard bastards…" Her gaze slightly sharpened
behind her shades. "And judging by that spiel you spun earlier, I'm guessing you know
something about Chopper's past, huh?"
"Yeah, we do…" I sighed, getting the Doc's attention. "Both of us. From the time his herd
exiled him to good ol' Hiriluk's demise."
"Not to mention the good quack's last gift to you." Cross added.
The Witch shook her head. "I'm not even going to bother asking how, because honestly? In
the end, I just don't care. There's only one thing I really want to know."
*THUNK*
In a flash, Kureha was looming over Cross with a scalpel in hand, and I nervously eyed
another that had been embedded in the back of the chair I was in directly next to my head.
"HOGEEZE!" Cross squeaked, retreating toward the headboard as far as he could.
"EEP!" Soundbite shrieked, snapping back into his shell.
"Do you actually care about my son," Kureha hissed viciously. "Or are you just playing on
his insecurities to shanghai him into your little pirate band?"
I shuddered. 'Mothers… very scary.'
Cross needed a few moments to fight through his own fear, and then glared Kureha dead in
the eyes. "Franky, I am insulted you would insinuate that." he hissed venomously. "Yes,
Chopper's skills would be a boon to us, I won't deny that, but that's not the reason I want him

to join. I want him to join us because he'd be a good friend and he needs good friends, people
to tell him that it's alright to be a monster, to not be human. You've been good to him, I know
that, but at the end of the day, he needs more. You can't keep him in this castle forever." A
moment of silence, then Cross narrowed his eyes. "And you know that, don't you?"
Kureha didn't answer for a moment, then drew back with a tired scoff. "Well, you can make a
good argument, I'll give you that… and you and your friend here do seem like a decent
sort…" Her gaze resharpened. "But that doesn't tell me anything about the rest of your crew."
Cross made to respond but was cut off by a bellow from the castle's main hall that was
unmistakable as Chopper. "ARE YOU TWO DEAF?!"
Cross grinned winningly, cottoning on to what was happening. "Here, let me prove you
wrong." he said, glancing around hastily. "Er, did the guys bring my headphones with me
or…?" The Doctor promptly dropped them in his lap. "Oh, thanks! Now, Soundbite?"
"AYE?" the snail barked, eyestalks emerging from the shell.
"I need a two-way line between me and Chopper, and a one-way from Luffy and Sanji to him
and me, pronto."
"Uno memento, por favor…" A familiar electric whine, then… "DONE!"
"Wait… that reindeer just spoke, right?" Luffy's disembodied voice asked.
"Yeah, and he was walking on two legs…" Sanji concurred.
A moment of silent contemplation, and… "HOLY CRAP, HE'S A MONSTER!" they roared
simultaneously.
Kureha turned toward the door, snarling furiously. "Excuse me for a moment, I need to break
the Hippocratic Oath in ten ways apiece."
"Easy there, Doc. Give it a minute." I placated.
"Hey, Chopper!" Cross said over the line.
"Huh-wha?!" Chopper stammered nervously. "Cross?! H-How are you-?!"
"Soundbite's good for more than just parlor tricks, Chopper. Anyways, I wouldn't recommend
walking out just yet. Only listening to half a conversation can lead to
some horrid misunderstandings."
"W-What do you-?"
"Shhh, just listen…"
"He walks on two legs, he's fluffy, he looks like a reindeer…" Sanji mused in awe.

"He can be small, or grow until he's the size of a gorilla…" Luffy breathed contemplatively.
"Cross…" Chopper whined miserably. "Why do I-?"
"That's so cool!"
Chopper's words died with a pained gargle in his throat. Even Kureha stared in disbelief,
sunglasses held above her eyes.
"Ooh, hey, Sanji, I just got an idea!" Luffy continued eagerly. "Let's get him to join our
crew!"
"And now, for the real kicker!" Cross piped up. "Soundbite, connect me to the guys."
"DONE!"
"Yo, Luffy, I was listening in! You want Chopper to join us, right?"
"His name's Chopper? That's even cooler!" Luffy cackled eagerly.
"I'll take that as a yes. Personally, I agree with the idea entirely! I mean, the little guy did help
save our lives, you know, him being a doctor and all!"
"He's a doctor too?! Wow, that's perfect!" our Captain whooped ecstatically. "Now
we really need to get him to join!"
"We have been needing a doctor for a while…" Sanji concurred.
"Exactly!" Cross agreed. "See, you guys get it. Well, you go ahead and try to convince him.
Meanwhile, I'm gonna rest up a bit more, alright?"
"Okay! Oh, before I forget, I'm really glad you're alright!"
"Heh, yeah, me too. Good luck!" Cross jerked a hand across his throat to signal Soundbite to
cut our crewmates off. "See? Some people really like monsters. I guarantee you, Chopper: if
Luffy wants you to join our crew it's not just a fluke. I mean, hey, look at me, right?"
"Uh… I, ah…" Chopper stuttered hesitantly, voice full of emotion.
"For the record, my dear Chopper…" I started. "We'd love to see you on our crew. For
the moment, however, you might wanna get running again. Luffy's known to be a bit…
enthusiastic."
"Huh? W-What does that-?"
"HEY, CHOPPER-MONSTER-GUY!" Luffy roared suddenly.

"WAAAAAAH!" Chopper shrieked in fear, probably taking off again.
"Satisfied?" Cross asked Kureha, Soundbite having dropped the connection. "Luffy wants
Chopper to join us because of what he is, not even remotely in spite of it. Hell, I don't think
Luffy could hate another person for what they are if he tried. He's just a really good person
overall."
"Too right, considering his own lineage." I noted. "Or his brother's. Both of them, even."
Cross nodded in agreement. "Anyways, what do you think, Doctor? Are we good enough for
Chopper?"
Kureha just stared for a moment, then shook her head heavily. "Can you guarantee that you'll
keep him safe?"
Cross gave her a flat look and tone. "Doc, that is neither a fair nor plausible request, and you
damn well know it."
"Kak kak kak, yeah, fair enough…" Kureha chuckled mirthlessly. For a moment longer she
stayed silent, then she threw her hands up in defeat. "Honestly, I should have known this day
would come. Hiriluk, that damned quack, he got into the poor boy's head something fierce."
She gave us a sharp, yet sad, glare. "If the fool is stupid enough to join you, then I'll give him
hell for it, but I won't stop him. I don't even think I could if I tried…"
"Glad to hear it, Doc." I grinned, Cross and Soundbite eagerly matching it.
"Yeah, yeah…" she groused, before whipping out yet another scalpel, twirling it about her
fingers, canines shining as she grinned unsettlingly at Cross. "Just don't think that means
you're getting out of here any sooner, brat! You're staying until you have a clean bill of
health, and not a moment sooner! Not to mention…"
*TH-TH-TH-THUNK*
A dozen of the witch's scalpels buried themselves in the wood around Cross' head, making
him briefly squeak in alarm.
"The matter of your bill."
"Uuhhh…" Cross moaned, grinning sheepishly. "T-That can be arranged! J-Just give me a
second to arrange things! Heheh… heh… ah, Soundbite! Get me Nami, now!"
"Hey, hey, no need for that." I spoke calmingly. "I can pay the witch's bill myself, no need for
risking the 'Mikan Debt Association'."
Cross sighed in relief. "Right, I forgot. You've got a treasure stash from your thievery days.
Too close."
I managed to hide a flinch, as I remembered the message from several days ago, that a cosmic

storm had shut the Fortress portal down for a week. "Then again, why don't we get in touch
anyway, just to let everyone know things are alright up here?" I offered. "She grabbed one of
the two snails before we disembarked."
"Ah, gotcha! HOLD PLEASE!" Soundbite's gaze trailed off into the distance for a moment,
then refocusing into a vaguely worried expression. "Hello?" came Nami's voice.
"Hey, Nami!" Cross greeted eagerly. "It's Cross! We managed to make it up the mountain,
though Luffy and Sanji got a bit banged up. Overall, I'd say we're doing pretty good! The
good Doctor Kureha was just bringing up the matter of our medical bills…"
"Cross?! Dammit, why didn't I think of calling you?!" Nami exclaimed in a panic.
"Sweetheart, what is it? What's wrong?" I asked, knowing the most likely cause.
"Evan, good, you're there too. Listen, you need to be careful! You're about to get company up
there! Wapol's back, he and his brother are on their way to the castle, and they should be
there any-!"
"WHAT?!" Kureha screamed in alarm, making us jump. She rushed over to Soundbite,
getting near the receiver. "What did you just say, girl?! Did you say Wapol has
his brother with him?!"
Okay, now I'm worried. Not just because of Kureha's rather visceral reaction… but because it
sounded familiar.
"Y-Yeah." Nami stuttered. "I think I heard something about Wapol's landing when Luffy sent
him flying helped find where his brother was."
I slightly cringed in guilt, that might mean my intervention when we met him caused this. Oh
well, not like I was gonna let the fat fuck eat Merry.
"He's got this awful pink hairdo, a bandit mask of all things, and has some kind of poisonous
Devil Fruit power. He got Dalton with it, but thankfully Reiju was able to help. He might've
poisoned more people, but that freak avalanche made them leave."
'Iforgotabouttheavalanche, fuck!'
"Damn, so it is him…" Kureha groaned. "This is very bad."
"Care to exposit for those of us not in the know?" Cross asked curiously.
Kureha sighed. "Mushuru is Wapol's elder brother. Around twenty years ago, their father,
King Rupel, left for a Reverie. In his absence, Mushuru decided to test out his powers, using
the people as his test subjects. Many died as a result, and the only reason he did it… was
because he was bored."
"That little shit…" Cross glared.

"Exactly what his father thought as well, since he had Mushuru stripped of his title and exiled
from Drum. To keep him from using his powers to harm the people of another land, he sent
Mushuru to be exiled to a nation not terribly far from here, the Kingdom of Fire. That's the
biggest weakness of his Shroom-Shroom Fruit powers, fire. Now that he's back, we have to
stop him from trying to slaughter the island again."
FUCK
I remember now. That one non-canon feature-length special. I'd looked him up some time ago
out of curiosity. Kureha's right, shit is gonna go down.
"Stick around, there should still be a batch of antidote for the brat's poison left from last time,
I'm gonna go find it." Kureha strode off, a woman on a mission.
"Alright then." I spoke. "Nami, you guys get yourselves together, and try to fix up the
ropeway tram so you can get up here. The rest of us will deal with these not-so-royal pains
the only way we know how. We got this."
"Alright, then. I have faith in you guys. Go kick some ass." With that, Nami hung up.
"You know something." Cross stated, not questioned. "You have metaknowledge that I don't,
so spill. You know about this Mushuru character?"
"Sort of. He's a part of this what-if special that tells the Drum Arc as if it happened after
Water 7. I never actually saw it, I just know about it. I swear the whole thing was supposed to
be some kind of weird dream Chopper was having, or something…"
"I'M STILL so lost right now." Soundbite blinked, gaze shifting back and forth between us.
"It'll be clear soon enough." I waved off. "Still, if that jackass has his way, he'll use the
supercannon in the castle along with two decades of built-up poison spores to lay waste to the
entire island." I sighed. "I'm gonna have to fight him. Luffy and Chopper can handle Wapol
and the two stooges just fine, Mushuru is the wildcard. Meaning I'll need some of that
antidote on me."
"Ask and ye shall receive, kid." Kureha called, tossing a vial of Blue liquid to me. "Now get
yourself ready, the idiot brigade will get here any min-"
*SLAM*
With no preamble, the door was slammed back open, and Chopper barged in with a frantic
look on his face. "DOCTORINE! HE'S BACK!"
"Correction, Doc." Cross sighed grimly. "They're already here."
I grimaced. "Ouch time…"

Chapter 21: N̷i̷n̷j̷a̷ Pirate Clash in the Land of Snow, Part III
"MAAAHHAHAHAHA!" Wapol laughed, standing in front of Drum Castle with Chess,
Kuromarimo, Mushuru, and his white walkie Robson. "At last I return! The castle is just as I
left it! Now I shall reclaim the throne of my Drum Kingdom!"
"Wait, your majesty, look!" Chess called out. "On that spire, there's a strange flag flying!"
Wapol looked up and saw what Chess pointed out, a jolly roger with a smiling skull and
crossbones surrounded by cherry blossom petals.
"A pirate flag?!" Wapol raged. "What is this?! WHERE IS THE FLAG OF DRUM
KINGDOM?!"
"Kak kak kak kak kak!" Kureha laughed, emerging from the castle, with Chopper in his Walk
Point and Sanji, Luffy and I right behind her. "That old rag? I burned it!"
"So it's you, Doctor Kureha!" Wapol hollered. "The last survivor of the Doctor Hunt! You
just won't die, now will you?! And you made friends with those stupid pirates who defied
me!"
"These are the hippo-heads who sent you flying, Wapol?" Mushuru mused. "Muuushishishi! I
guess I should thank them for helping you find me!"
I drew Zangetsu, pointing it at the less-than-royal entourage. "Wapol, son of Rupel, you
abandoned this country in its darkest hour, and have thus abdicated your throne. Your older
brother there lost his title forever ago, so he has even less claim. In short, you are no king, so
time to get lost."
"I've turned this castle into a mausoleum for Hiriluk, it's not yours anymore." Kureha
declared. "This is his grave. You rotten brats aren't welcome here! Now leave this island!
Drum Kingdom is no more, you fool!"
"A mausoleum?!" Wapol balked. "For that charlatan?! MAAAHHHAHAHA! Don't make me
laugh! Hell, I'd almost forgotten that fool!"
"Eh? Who are we getting all worked up about now?" Mushuru scratched his head in
confusion.
"A man called 'Doctor' Hiriluk, bro! A total quack in every respect! He evaded my Doctor
Hunt for some time, but I managed to get him by making him believe all my Twenty MDs
had fallen ill! The fool rushed right here, then he even blew himself up! What a moron!
MAAHHHAHAHAHAA!!"
"Mushishishishi!" Mushuru laughed mockingly. "He really fell for such a lie?! What a

completely brainless hippo-head! MUUUSHISHISHISHIII!!"
I barely registered both Luffy and Chopper growling, and even the laughter began to fade out.
"Thank goodness… nobody is sick… I really thought this was a national emergency… but it
was just a trick…"
"When does a man die? When he's shot in the heart by a pistol? No. When he's stricken by an
incurable disease? No! When he eats soup made from a deadly mushroom? NO! A
man truly dies… when he is forgotten."
"I HAVE LIVED… A WONDERFUL LIFE!!"
I held back a sob, tears running down my face, as I remembered the last moments of Doctor
Hiriluk, gritting my teeth and strangling Zangetsu's hilt as these… shitfucks mocked the
memory of a good man. I raised my sword high, grasping in both hands. The laughter
stopped as my reiatsu began to leak out.
"Cleave… the Eternal Heavens… Asunder…" I panted in rage. "ZANGETSU!!" I slashed
downward, the burst of energy from the unleashing Shikai being cast forward as an air slash,
which slammed into Wapol, sending him crashing into Robson. Unfortunate, I had hoped it
would send him off the mountain to his doom.
"WAPOL!" Mushuru yelled in shock. "You hippo-headed bastard! How dare you strike my
little brother! He is the king, and you-!"
"Be quiet…" I snarled, lifting Zangetsu to rest on my shoulder. "He may have been a quack,
but Doctor Hiriluk poured his heart, his very soul into trying to heal the heart of this country,
and its people! He gave his life for it! You do not get to stand there and mock his dreams!" I
glared the ex-royals down hard, unnerving them. "This is your last chance to leave this island
and never return. If you don't… I can't promise you'll live to regret it!"
Wapol and Mushuru glared in fearful indignation, while Chess and Kuromarimo actually
cowered.
"Geez, these guys really pissed you off, huh, Evan?" Luffy remarked curiously
"Mushuru slaughtered many of the country's people with his powers 'cause he was bored," I
growled. "And Wapol drove out most of the doctors to force people to obey him for
treatment. Then abandoned them when Blackbeard attacked. Doesn't that piss you off?"
Luffy's eyes were shadowed by his hat, and he punched his palm. "...yeah. It sure does."
"You and Chopper deal with junk-jaw and his minions. I'll deal with the older brother. Sound
good?"
"Sure."

"Muuushishishi!" Mushuru cackled. "You'll 'deal' with me, will you?! You don't stand a
chance against me, hippo-head!"
"You think so?" I grinned. "I think you've overlooked one very important detail…"
"Ehhhh? What's that then?"
"Ikkotsu."
Mushuru scratched his head. "Eek-what-zoo?"
Instantly, I appeared before him in Shunpo, fist cocked back. "IKKOTSU!" I rammed my fist
into his gut, making the ex-princeling's eyes bug out, then he was sent flying, crashing down
near one of the edges of the mountaintop.
"BRO!" Wapol. "YOU'll PAY FOR THAT, YOU LITTLE-!" Whatever tirade he was gonna
go on was interrupted, as Luffy's unannounced Gum-Gum Pistol struck him in the face.
"They're all yours, boys!" I called out, launching myself in Mushuru's direction with Shunpo.
I saw him kneeling, shaking his head. I rushed in with a battle cry, intending to cut him down.
However, Zangetsu cut right through him, revealing it to be a fake as it dissipated into purple
mist.
"Spin Drill!" I spun and just about deflected the scumbag's transformed drill hand before he
could skewer me. I riposted with another slash, to which he dodged by jumping backwards
several times. "Shade Dance!" He then fired what I could only assume were concentrated
spore bullets from his hair. I Shunpo'd once, twice, three times to avoid it.
"Hado #4: Byakurai!" A beam of blue lightning lanced out, and Mushuru avoided most of it,
the beam just about grazing his shoulder. He rushed in and sent a flurry of punches and kicks
at me, making me weave and deflect as much as I could. I then lashed out with a kick,
knocking the man back.
"Spin Drill Duo!" Mushuru transformed both his arms into his drills, and came at me,
jabbing like a madman at rapid speeds.
'Damn, he's a fast bastard!' I thought, deflecting and dodging his furious assault. Then he
used a feint and rammed a hard kick of his own into my gut, launching me backwards. Hurt
like a bitch, but not enough to stop me.
"Lot Stiffen!" The pink-haired punk used the spores in his body to create six purple clones of
himself, who then burst forward to attack all at once.
I prepared to unleash a horizontal slash. "Getsuga Tenshou!" The reishi attack flew forward,
bisecting and eliminating all the clones, and even kept going toward the real deal. However,
the jagoff just spun out of the way.
I began spinning Zangetsu by his lengthened chain. "Shishin!" I began lashing out at
Mushuru, trying to either cut down or impale the mad prince. However, his agility held fast,

and he managed to avoid my strikes even when redirected.
"Muuushishishishi!" Mushuru laughed, standing with hands on hips as I reeled Zangetsu back
in. "Did you really think you could land another hit with those attacks?! You worthless
hipp-!"
"Bakudo #28: Kusari no Jigoku (Hellish Chain)!" A blood-red chain, tipped with a spike,
emerged from my hand at high speed, wrapping around Mushuru before he could react, the
spike stabbing into his chest to secure it, eliciting a yelp of pain. That yelp became a scream
as the chain ignited, actively burning the man. I yanked him into the air, slammed him into
the ground once, twice, and a third time. I spun him for a bit, then slammed him into the
ground again, letting the chain dissipate.
"What was that you were saying earlier about not getting hit… hippo-head?" I mocked with a
smirk.
"You…" Mushuru growled, clutching his burns as he got to his feet. "You insolent cur…"
Suddenly, the exiled madman gave me a crooked smile, putting me on edge. "You seem to be
able to fight well. But what about those peons standing by there?!" His gaze drifted to both
Sanji and Doctor Kureha, still standing by and watching the proceedings.
"Don't you do it…" I warned sternly.
"Oh, I'll do it…"
"Don't you do it!"
"Im'ma do it!"
"DON'T. YOU-"
"Snow Spore!" A moderate wave of spores was launched from his body, rushing towards our
bystander allies.
"Damn it!" I yelled in frustration, launching forward. Sanji and Kureha looked very panicked
at the approaching wave of certain doom. Then, I appeared in a Shunpo a few meters in front
of them, a glowing Zangetsu rapidly spinning in my hand by the chain.
"Not today! Getsuga Tatsumaki!" I released my attack, letting the resulting snow-nado
snatch up and dissipate the spores on the wind harmlessly. I saw Mushuru rushing in, and
held up my hand. "And Hado #31: Shakkaho!" An orb of crimson red launched from my
hand and exploded against the asshole. However, when the smoke cleared, he was nowhere to
be seen.
"Run Hypha!" I heard something approaching from the side, turning to just catch a large
amount of spores moving through the ground. Before I could Shunpo away, they burst up and
caught me, holding my body in place.

"The fuck?!" I exclaimed, trying to move a limb to free myself, to no avail.
"I have you now! Snow Spore!" Another wave of spores then enveloped me, thankfully
missing the two I had just protected. Instantly, I felt myself weakening, breathing getting
harder and vision going blurry. It hurt, a lot, but for all it had lasted all of one minute, the
MH5 poisoning was still worse.
"MUUUUSHISHISHISHI!!" Mushuru cackled victoriously. "You're finished now, you stupid
hippo-head! It won't be long before your body succumbs to my poison spores, and you die!
MUUUUSHISH-"
"Collier Shoot!"
Mushuru's demented laughter was silenced as Sanji gave him a powerful kick to the neck,
sending him soaring back where I'd sent him earlier. "Dumbass completely forgot I was here
too…" Sanji lashed out, kicking the spore cluster holding me, setting me free. Once I had full
motion again, I shakily reached for the vial in my cloak, and poured the antidote down my
throat. Right away, the effects took hold, counteracting the poison spores in my body.
"Th-Thanks, Sanji." I stuttered, getting to my feet. "That was close, well done."
"Anytime, Evan." Sanji smirked, puffing on his cigarette. "You gonna be alright?"
"Yeah, I'll live. Krieg's MH5 was worse than this shit."
"Heh, maybe you'll end up building an immun-argk!" Sanji fell forward, clutching at his
spine. "My back! Urgh, my back!!"
"You moron." Kureha sighed. "You've aggravated your injuries."
Any further lecturing was put on hold, as Mushuru came screaming toward us with a battle
cry. "Byakurai!" I cried, firing the lightning beam. "And Getsuga Tenshou!" The Byakurai
bored a hole through the Lot Stiffen clone, dissipating it, and the arc of reishi continued to
strike the real Mushuru just behind and to the side. It sent him flying back once again, yelling
in pain. He tried to get back up, only for me to appear in a Shunpo just above him. "Jidanda
(Mad-Stomping)!" I struck him in the midsection with a strong downward kick, making him
cough up blood.
I Shunpo'd back away from him, breathing hard. The antidote was working, but the effect of
the spores still lingered. Mushuru stood up shakily, holding his midsection.
"Y-Y-You…" he snarled. "Fucking hippo-headed… pirate bastard. Fine. I was saving this to
purify this country… but right now, I hate you enough to use it on you!" He raised his arms
up, and spores began spiraling out of him and swirling into the space around his hands.
"Prepare yourself for twenty year's worth of the deadliest spores known to man!"
"Shit!" I leapt back a bit further, then held up my arm. 'His major weakness is fire… so let's
give him all the fire he could ever want!' "Ye lord! Mask of flesh and bone, all creation,

flutter of wings, ye who bears the name of man!" I chanted. "Truth and temperance, upon this
sinless wall of dreams unleash but slightly the wrath of your claws!"
"NOW DIIIE!" Mushuru yelled. "FATAL WAAAVE!!" He unleashed his attack, a blast wave
of spores so thick, the purple color was nearly black, barreling toward me.
"HADO #33: SOKATSUI!!"
Compared to the flamethrower in Arlong Park, my kido was now much stronger, unleashing a
wave of blue fire nearly as large as Mushuru's attack. The two techniques met in the middle,
and for a moment, it seemed a pseudo beam-clash would occur. Then my fire overwhelmed
the spores, traveling with little resistance to envelop Mushuru. I only just about heard the
man screaming in agony. The attack finished, and the flames vanished. A few moments later,
the wind blew away any smoke, revealing a severely burned and charred Mushuru. Still
inexplicably standing, if shakily.
"Cu-Curse… you…" he bit out, seething. "E-Even if… I can't use my Fatal Bomb… on the
island… I-I'll just purify the damn place manually. Personally. Town by town, person by
person until everyone in this country bows or dies! Every last peon will suffer! I won't rest
until it's done, you hear me, hippo-head?!"
"...yeah… I hear you." I spoke in a dead tone. "I hear that you're insane. You're
too dangerous to be left alive." I grasped Zangetsu in both hands. "I'll do what I must."
Mushuru managed to transform his right arm into a Spin Drill. "Just try it, you pathetic
knave!" he screamed, charging with a battle cry.
*SHLISH*
Just like that, I stood right behind him, and Mushuru's body collapsed to the ground. Along
with his severed head.
I made the mistake of turning around and looking at the corpse I had just created. The full
weight of the moment hit me, and I barely managed to stab Zangetsu into the ground as a
support before falling to a knee and vomiting.
The thing is, this isn't the first time I've killed, period. But this was the first time I've
killed deliberately. While I had gotten better at striking blows non-lethally over time, I was
made aware that several of Ganzack's crew didn't survive their wounds to get arrested. I had
been kept from seeing the bodies then, but not now.
'Urgh, need to get over this.' I groused to myself. 'I couldn't take the chance he'd get loose
and take revenge. It had to be done. Now I just need to hope that the Shroom-Shroom Fruit
respawns for someone decent.'
"GUM-GUM… SUPER BAZOOKA!!"
I looked up in time to see Luffy's super-stretched arms snap toward one of the castle spires,

slamming into Wapol, and sending him soaring over the horizon at Mach 'Fuck Off'.
"Heh…" I grinned. "Game, set, match." I stood and began walking back to the castle, but
before I'd made it even 4 meters, everything went black.

~BtWwG~​

Some time later, I woke up in one of the rooms of Kureha's castle. Evidently, I had passed out
due to a combination of exhaustion, the remaining poison in my system (which the good
doctor made sure was cleared up), and the shock of the first time I'd killed someone on
purpose. I made the executive decision that I wasn't gonna lose any sleep over killing
someone like Mushuru. He definitely wasn't worth it.
I'd also woken up just in time for Cross to get Luffy to bust open the castle armory. Seems
someone let slip that my portal wasn't working, and thus I couldn't get to most of my money.
Thus Cross needed to weasel out of paying the exorbitant medical bill that made me believe
Kureha was actually an American medical professional. Thus the need for a Tactical Luffy
Strike.
"You. Son. Of a bitch." Kureha bit out flatly, as several of us stood in front of what used to be
the armory doors.
"I'm the son of a bitch who just managed to get out of having to pay you the big bucks!"
Cross crowed joyously. "Screw you, witch doctor, I'm happy!"
"Hey, Cross!" Luffy whined as he marched out of the armory. "There's no food in here, just
guns! You can't eat guns! Seriously, I've tried, they taste gross."
"I'd normally question what the hell drove him to try to eat guns," I uttered. "But frankly, I
don't think I want to know."
Soundbite howled with laughter as Kureha twitched furiously, face contorting in misery.
"PAY UP SENIOR CITIZEN!"
"Yeah, Doc~tor…" Nami crooned, resting her elbow on Kureha's shoulder, with that devious
Cheshire Grin on her face. "We had a deal, re~mem~ber?"

Kureha spat and snarled viciously for a moment, then jabbed her finger upwards. "Third
floor, through the kitchen, can't miss it." Oh right, Cross got her to promise larder access
alongside waiving the fee.
"Woohoo! Thanks!" Luffy whooped eagerly.
"Any luck concerning Chopper?" Cross asked curiously.
"Not yet! Usopp and Zoro have been helping, but he's slippery and I'm hungry! But hey, don't
worry!" He grinned savagely, pounding fist to palm. "Once I eat, we'll get him in no time!"
Vivi looked between the others in a mixture of awe and horror, then shook her head ruefully.
"Evil. You guys are all pure evil."
"Hey, what can I say?" Cross shrugged indifferently. "We're pirates! It's kind of our M.O."
"Oh, no, I don't have any issues with that, don't worry!" Vivi waved her hands hastily. "I'm
only realizing it just now is all."
"Shishishi, you're pretty dumb, Vivi." Luffy cackled, sticking out his tongue at her.
"And you're one to talk?" The rest of us deadpanned in unison.
"Welp, anyways, I'm gonna go eat all this castle's food, then get our reindeer-doctor to join
us! See ya!" And with that, Luffy stretched his arms up to a higher balcony, and he zipped out
of sight.
Cross blinked in shock. "I'm not the only one who can't believe that that sentence makes
sense to me, right?" Cross asked Nami. "Right?"
"Eh…" Nami waved off. "I think I became a bit desensitized after 'a seagull grabbed my head
when I flew up to catch it'."
"God bless this wacky-ass world." I sighed.
"If you're quite done messing around?" Kureha growled, tapping her foot impatiently.
"Ah, yes!" Cross grinned. "So, can I take the clothes I'm in now, or would you rather I take
some new ones?"
"Oh, hell no!" the doctor snapped at Cross, jabbing him in the chest. "You can steal my
medical bill from me, and you can clean out my pantries, but on my pride as a doctor, I
abjectly refuse to allow you to leave this castle without proper treatment."
"What?!" Cross squawked incredulously.
"Read my lips, brat! You're not going anywhere, period!"

"Hey, that wasn't the deal!" Nami protested.
"I'm altering the deal!" Kureha spat. "Thank whatever gods you pray to that I'm not altering it
further!"
"Qouuuu kchhhhhh… Qouuuu kchhhhhh…"
Soundbite tried to be funny by playing Vader's breathing over the paraphrased accidental
quote, to which Nami and Cross glared at him scathingly. He gave a sheepish, yet
unapologetic, grin. "SORRY, couldn't resist."
Kureha snorted like an angry bull, and adjusted her sunglasses, peering into the armory.
"Anyways… as it is, you brats have caused quite the mess of things. I'm going to have to
spend… fifteen minutes, at least, sorting things out in here with the help of the villagers who
came up with you. While we're working, you are not to move from your room, no matter
what. The same goes for your friend strapped down in Operating Room 2-F on the second
floor. Also, make sure that you don't touch the keys to his restraints that are beneath the
floorboards. If you do…" She gave us all a semi-serious glare. "You'll all be in big trouble.
Got it?"
Cross grinned, and gave her a two-fingered salute. "Gotcha. Thanks a lot, Doctor, this means
a lot to us. And don't worry, we'll look after Chopper, I promise."
Kureha twitched angrily as she glared at the commie. "Are you dense, boy?" she growled
half-heartedly.
Cross' grin widened slightly. "Nah… just polite."
That brought the good doctor up short, and then sent her into a fit of laughter. "KAK KAK
KAK KAK KAK!! A polite pirate! Now I've really seen it all!" she cackled uproariously as
she wandered into the armory, followed by a few nervous villagers who had been watching
nearby.
We stood there for a moment longer, then Cross jabbed his thumb towards the staircase.
"Welp. Let's go scrape Sanji off his operating table and get the hell out of dodge. I don't
wanna so much as consider what she does when our fifteen minutes are up."
A few minutes of chef retrieval later, and we were making our way out of the castle's front
door, Sanji's limp form supported between me and Cross. "I don't suppose this little event
will do anything to help convince you to break your hyper-chivalry streak?" Cross asked.
"Not even close, Cross…" he growled, before wincing at a burst of pain. "Though this is
undoubtedly the closest anyone's come to it…"
"DeathWISH! DeathWISH!" Soundbite crowed uproariously.
"The Simp King will never learn." I sighed. This is exactly why I haven't used either healing

item on Sanji yet.
"Oh right… Simp KING! Simp KING!"
Sanji snarled venomously as we trudged out into the snow. "Eat a saltshaker, you little-!"
"BUT I'M… I'M A REINDEER!"
"Shhh!" Cross hissed as Chopper's voice rang out.
"Huh?" Nami blinked in confusion, catching sight of the little reindeer shouting at the rest of
the crew. "What's going on?"
"Something momentous." Cross stated solemnly. "Evan, would you mind-?"
"Oh no, sure, you go off." I nodded, taking Sanji's weight on my own. He smiled gratefully,
and walked towards the group, where Chopper was trying (fruitlessly) to convince us he
couldn't come.
"I…I'M NOT HUMAN!" he sobbed, poorly masking how miserable he really felt. "I'M A
MONSTER! I-I CAN'T JOIN YOUR CREW! T-THAT'S WHY… I'M JUST HERE TO SAY
THANKS!"
'Oh, Chopper…' It was painful, how obvious it was that he really wanted to come with us.
The problem was that he wasn't allowing himself the honor, the right. Now Luffy needed to
break the chains on his very soul. With a bit of help from Cross, it seems.
"So…" Chopper grit out painfully. "Thank you… for asking me. And even though I'm staying
here… maybe, one day-!"
Cross gave an exaggerated sigh, shaking his head and throwing an arm over Luffy's
shoulders. "Oy vey, you're really going to make us work for this, huh? Well!" Cross shrugged
in defeat with his free arm, a cheeky grin slowly forming. "I guess there's only one thing for
it, eh, Luffy?"
Man, I really wanted to be part of this. But I wasn't gonna make Nami or Vivi hold Sanji if
they didn't have to. Besides, seeing the moment in person… just as awesome.
"Yup!" Luffy grinned, throwing his own arm over Cross'. "Wanna do it on three?
"It would be my honor. One!"
"Two!"
"Arent you listening to me?!" I-I can't go with you! I w-want to, but-but-!"
"THREE!" The pair roared, throwing their arms up in unison. "SHUT UP!
LET'S GOOOOO!!"

And that finally did the trick. Chopper was actively fighting to keep himself from bawling as
he came to his decision and nodded vigorously. "OKAY!"
"WELCOME! WELCOME!" Soundbite crowed enthusiastically.
"Goodness." Reiju giggled. "Recruiting someone by telling them to 'shut up'? Now that's a
first!"
"What can I say, Reiju? We're trendsetters!" Cross cackled, patting Chopper's top hat. "Either
way, welcome to the monster circus, little man! I see you've already met our poison-immune
sous-chef, Reiju-!"
The pinkette waved politely.
"Our sake-swilling oni, Zoro-!"
"Bite-!" Zoro hastily silenced himself, glaring ruefully at Soundbite, who only cackled
malevolently.
"And our long-nosed tengu-sniper, Usopp!"
Usopp raised a finger and opened his mouth… before ultimately settling for laughing
ruefully. "Tengu! That… That's a new one! Ahh… well! I'm going to spike everything you
put in your mouth with hot sauce for the next week or so. Hope you like tasting fire, bastard!"
"Don't worry, we're usually much worse." Cross assured the nervous zoan boy.
Usopp took a moment to mutter darkly, then shook his head and gave Chopper a smile.
"Despite how much of an ass Cross can be, he's right. You said your name was Chopper,
right? Sorry for calling you a monster earlier, that was… an impulse."
"COWARD, COWARD!" Soundbite snickered.
Usopp's eye twitched, but he growled and shook his head in surrender. "Yeah… fair warning,
that guy's not going away any time soon. Believe me, I've tried…"
"So, we've got a reindeer crewmate now, huh?" Zoro mused, giving Cross an exasperated
look. "Why do I feel like you have something to do with this?"
"Well, Cross did say we needed a doctor, days ago, didn't he?" I noted as the rest of us
approached.
Zoro blinked in surprise. "This little guy's a doctor?"
"And a competent one at that!" Cross assured.
"C-Come on!" Chopper squealed, blushing and wiggling around gleefully. "Y-You can't get

on my good side by buttering me up like that. It'll take more than words to make me happy!
Jerk! Jerk bastard!"
'Chopper should not be allowed to be this adorable. It should be illegal for anything to be
this adorable!'
"Either way, we're glad to have you aboard, Chopper." Vivi cut in, smiling kindly.
"Mmm…" Nami hummed noncommittal for a moment before shrugging, albeit with a slight
smile. "Don't shed in my room and you'll fit in just fine."
"Do it and I'll make good on the venison recipes I mentioned earlier." Sanji warned semiseriously.
Reiju laid a hand on her little brother's shoulder, the Unohana Smile on her face. "But you
won't actually, right?"
"Right, o-of course!" Sanji stuttered, breaking into a sweat.
"Woohoo! New nakama, new nakama!" Luffy whooped joyously, running through the snow.
"Come on! Let's get back to the Merry so we can celebrate!"
Chopper suddenly snapped out of his happy dance. "Ah-! C-Can we please wait a minute?"
He gestured back at the castle. "I need to go and tell Doctorine that I'm leaving! It should
only take a few minutes, I promise!"
Cross tensed, likely recalling the frightening visage of the Witch. "Ah… do you really have
to?" He hedged uncomfortably. "I mean… letters of farewell are very in fashion lately, you
know?"
"No, no, it's fine!" Chopper grinned easily. "This won't take long, I swear!"
In the end, he fulfilled his promise. It only took three minutes before we were piled into the
sleigh hauled by Chopper, with a supposedly furious, weapon-tossing witch on our heels.
"Wow, you were right…" Cross huffed, hanging onto the back of the sleigh. "That didn't take
long!" He winced as a handaxe buried itself in the wood close to his hand. "Not long at all!"
"WILL YOU SHUT UP, CROSS?!" Chopper yelled back at him.
"NOW YOU'RE REALLY FITTING IN!" Usopp called out.
"Har har, very funny!" Cross growled. "Now would one of you please pull me-!"
"HANG ON!"
Then suddenly, and without warning, the sleigh jerked, before sliding down the ropeway.

"Oh dear." Reiju worried. "We just lost Cross." We looked back, and sure enough, the
commies were no longer on the back of the sleigh, but shrinking in the distance on the
mountain.
"...don't suppose we can just leave them, can we?" Usopp said semi-seriously.
"Usopp!" Vivi exclaimed, smacking his arm.
"I know, I know, I'm mostly kidding…"
"Luffy?" I turned to our Captain.
"I got him!" He stretched his arm back towards the mountain, where it stopped just in front of
our wayward crewmates. "HANG ON, CROSS!"
The snail-wielder grabbed onto Luffy with both hands, and was sent flying through the air,
bouncing on the snowy rope twice before managing to get his footing and balance upright.
"HEY CROSS, ARE YOU ALRIGHT?!" Nami called over the wind. There was no response
from my fellow earthling. "What is he…?" Nami shaded her eyes as she stared at Cross, then
slumped in exasperation. "Oh my god…"
"He's in a severely life-threatening position right now!" I chuckled. "So of course he would!"
"I wouldn't expect anything less from Mister Jeremiah!" Vivi laughed lightheartedly.
"He's gonna do it." Zoro sighed.
"It is Cross, after all." Sanji chuckled, lighting a cigarette.
"Huh?" Chopper glanced over his shoulder in confusion. "What? What is it? What's he gonna
do?"
"The only thing he can do at a time like this!" Luffy crowed, massive smile on his face.
"LAUGH!"
"PFFFFFHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAA!" Cross roared, taking one hand off Luffy's arm to
fist pump victoriously. "WOOOOO! HELL YEAH, BABY! THIS IS AWESOME!
WOOHOO! PFFFHAHAHAA, GODDAMN IT, I FREAKING LOVE THIS CREW!
WOOOO!!"
"KOWABUNGA, BITCHES! WOOHOOHOOHOOHOOOOO!" Soundbite cackled madly,
clinging to Cross' shoulder for dear life.
"BAH-HAHAHAHAHAHAAA!" I laughed joyously, Cross' laughter positively infectious.

~BtWwG~​

After we got off the ropeway, on our way to the ship, it happened. Up in the sky, a pink glow
bathed the entire island, assuring that not a single being would miss it. Chopper got out of his
harness and reverted to Brain Point, staring up at the sight. Along with everyone else.
"Woah… so cool!" Luffy gasped.
"Yeah, sure is." Zoro agreed, smirking slightly.
"It's so pretty…" Nami marveled.
"Doctor…" Chopper blubbered. "Doctorine… BWWAAAAAAAH!!"
From a distance, the tallest mountain of the Drum Rockies resembled the trunk of a tree, and
the huge cloud of pink snow that floated around it made it look like a Sakura tree in full
bloom, the individual pink snowflakes falling from it like cherry blossom petals.
"You did it…" I muttered. "You crazy sumbitch, you did it."
I couldn't help it. Tears fell from my eyes at such a beautiful, wonderful miracle. I felt Nami
place her hand in mine, I turned and we shared a look and a smile. She leaned into me, and
we watched the cherry blossoms bloom on an island of snow.

~BtWwG~​

Another hour of sledding, followed by a thawing of Carue and beating of a mosshead, and we
were sailing away from the soon-to-be Sakura Kingdom.
But now, the time had finally come.
"Do we really need to do this, guys?" Luffy whined. "Come on, we just won! We should be
celebrating!"
"Do you want to go without answers?" Zoro asked flatly.
Luffy went to respond… then shut his mouth with an uncomfortable expression.
"Cross… Evan…" Nami sighed morosely, eyeing us both. "We've been patient… we've
waited… we're on the Merry, and everybody's fine…" She spread her arms helplessly. "No
more stalling, guys. It's time to talk."
I nodded solemnly. "Yeah, you're right. Cross, how do you want to start?"
Cross slowly walked the deck, chewing his lip as he thought about it. Then he turned and
strode towards Merry's forward-port balustrade. The swirl-designed wood was slightly
cracked, but fully intact. He patted it like he almost wasn't sure it was there, and let out a
laugh of relief. "So… you managed to stop Wapol in time… good. It would have been one
Merry's first and… most prominent scars. I know she'll get hurt eventually, but… this one
was bad, y'know? I just… wanted to save her. From this, at least."
"Exactly." I nodded. "That's why I was ready for it, slugged the fat fuck in the gut just before
throwing him overboard."
"Guys…" Nami started slowly.
Cross chuckled mirthlessly, shaking his head. "Yeah, yeah… I know… no putting it off." He
stopped for a couple seconds before laughing again, sheepishly scratching his head. "Alright
then… where to start… Oh!" He clapped his hands in realization. "How about this: who here
has heard of the multiverse theory?" Nobody in the crew responded in the affirmative.
"Yeah, that's not surprising." I spoke, snatching up a stray coin. "Let me try to explain.
Imagine I flip this coin, and one of you called it once caught, heads or tails. Multiverse theory
says that once the coin flips, there would then be two entirely separate yet parallel universes.
One for the heads result, another for the tails result. This can be applied to any action or
event, meaning that there are essentially an infinite number of universes, for
every possible possibility."
Most of the others seemed to get it, but Luffy began raising his hand.
"Yes, Luffy, they're mystery worlds." Cross and I deadpanned in unison, making Luffy put his
hand back down.
"Just as an example of one of these mystery worlds…" Cross continued. "Imagine a world,
completely different from this one in every possible way… where a man named Eiichiro Oda

wrote a comic book about an entirely different world. A comic he titled One Piece… telling
the tale about one man's journey to become Pirate King."
Sanji's eyes widened, cigarette hanging limply from his lips. "You don't mean…?"
"Holy shit…" Nami breathed in shock.
"No way!" Usopp gaped at us.
"Uh… what's he talking about?" Luffy asked in confusion, looking about.
Cross sighed wearily, ambling over to Luffy and placing a hand on his shoulder. "It means,
Luffy…" he began sadly. "That I know you were an absolute moron as a kid. I mean,
seriously, stabbing yourself below the eye just to prove how much of a badass you are? That
was…" he chuckled darkly. "That was really something…"
"Psh, yeah, something stupid." I scoffed with a smirk.
"Huh?!" Luffy exclaimed, staring in shock. How do you know about that?!"
"Because Mister Jeremiah's from another world…" Vivi breathed in awe. "Evan too… a
world where all your adventures were a story…"
Cross spread his arms wide and stepped back. "And I was a fan, dropped into your world
without warning by a divine force well beyond human comprehension. I know… practically
everything there is to know about the crew: from what happened to you all when you were
young that made you who you are today, to what's coming for us for some time to come.
Minus a few blank spots like the Whiskey Peak-Little Garden run, but… yeah."
"Hold on a minute…" Reiju piped up. "If you two are both from the same world, then how is
Evan not weaker like Cross was?"
"That's… mildly complicated." I spoke up. "I'm actually a bit different here. I'm a fan too, but
I left our world about ten years after Cross did, and via a different force entirely. Whatever it
was reincarnated me in this world, likely knowing how much I like One Piece, and granted
me the Gacha System. It was all to make up for the fact that… I died before I was supposed
to, back home."
"WHAT?!" The crew exclaimed.
"You… you died?" Nami breathed in horror.
"Yeah. Don't remember how. System took my memories of what happened, to stave off any
trauma from the event. I suppose it worked."
"I… I'm so sorry to hear that, Evan." Chopper warbled.
I sighed. "Yeah… me too, kid. Anyway, I ended up having my own little escapades, gaining

some artifacts, becoming 'Phantom Thief' Robin Hood, bonding with Zangetsu and my time
on Firaaku Island. Then I decided to find you guys and try and join up. From there, I nudged
things in a better direction here and there. Got Kaya to make Kuro back off and kept Usopp
from getting hurt. The battle with the Black Cats went far smoother. Same with the Krieg
Pirates, and Gin didn't get poisoned saving Sanji from MH5.
"Nami was closer to the crew, and I convinced her to take a chance instead of absconding
with Merry for her original plan. Luffy would have beaten Arlong, but…" I clenched my fist.
"Well, I wanted it more. After that, Cross and Soundbite joined the crew, and everything I
knew went sideways. I thought I might reveal the truth myself, before we officially entered
the Grand Line, but… the addition of another Earthling threw everything off. Sorry I put it
off for so long, guys. Forgive me…"
Cross and I looked over the crew, trying to gauge their reactions. As expected, it was a mixed
bag of emotions. Cross shook his head and looked away sheepishly. "Look, guys…"
"One second, Cross." Zoro interrupted. "I've got a question for you."
"Uh…" Cross swallowed. "Yeah, sure, what is it?"
Zoro walked up to him and poked him in the chest. "Roughly a month ago, on the way to
Whisky Peak, you told me that we couldn't afford to spare any information, because it would
risk jeopardizing the crew. What's so different between now and then? Why did I have to say
something, but you didn't?"
"Well, you see… ah, well… t-the thing is… we… uh…" Cross seemed to struggle to come up
with an answer, until he clenched his fists and looked down in shame. "The difference… the
difference was… that you trusted our crew… and I didn't…"
"Cross…" Reiju spoke up.
"It's true!" He cut her off harshly. "I-I know you guys! Not just as characters in a story, but as
my friends, my comrades! My allies! I-I should have known you wouldn't be angry, or reject
me, I should have trusted you…" He looked down in shame. "...but I didn't. I didn't trust you.
I didn't trust you so much that I…"
He dropped to his knees on the deck. "I… I lied to you…" Cross hiccuped, tears streaming
down his face. "Lied about where I was from, what I knew… I lied so much…" He brought
his head down and prostrated, forehead to deck. "I know… that I don't deserve your
forgiveness… and that nothing I do will ever be able to make up for this… but nevertheless, I
apologise. I am so, so sorry, for everything I've said and done. When I said I loved this
crew… that I loved all you guys… I-I meant it! Every word! So please! He looked up in
desperation, fighting off further breakdown. "Don't… make me leave. Joining this crew has
been the best thing that's ever happened to me. Do what you will, but please… let me stay a
Straw Hat!"
The emotional impact from Cross' plea hit me, and I decided to prostrate myself as well. A
minute went by, and the crew was silent, each of them trading unreadable looks. Finally,

Nami slowly walked up to us, kneeling and looking us each dead in the eyes.
"Alright, Cross, we'll let you stay on the crew…" she stated solemnly. "Both of you. But
first… you need to answer a few questions for us."
"Nami!" Luffy whined petulantly.
"Ah…" Cross hiccuped, shaking his head. "D-Don't worry, Luffy. I-I can watch what I say…
I-I won't spoil anything major about how our adventures turn out… if you don't want me
to…" I nodded in agreement.
The rubber man pursed his lips in thought, then settled into a pout. "Yeah… alright…"
"Okay then…" Nami laid each hand firmly on our shoulders. "Now, listen to me very closely.
I need to know… how rich are we going to get?"
…
…nani?
"What." Cross blurted.
You heard me, man!" Nami squealed, her eyes now showing beri signs. "How rich are we
gonna be?! Gold, jewels, cash?! Come on, speak!"
'...oh for fuck's sake.' I sighed internally. 'Not just Sanji, this damn crew… I should've known.'
"Oh!" Sanji blinked in realization before hastily spinning up to us. "And what about the
beauties, then? Shirahoshi might be forever out of my reach by way of half-plus-seven, but
surely there must be other women whom I can grasp!"
"Oh, for the love of…" Zoro scoffed, rolling his eyes. He then flashed a bloodthirsty grin.
"Screw it. Hey, there's gonna be more fights in the future, I know that much. They'll be good
ones, right? They'll push us straight to the brink and back?"
"Me next, me next!" Usopp waved his hand eagerly. "What kind of brave feats will I pull off?
Am I going to prove myself a Brave Warrior of the Seas?"
"Uh… what are you guys…?" Chopper blinked in confusion until Usopp leaned down and
whispered in his ear. "Oh… Oh! Ah… in that case… I, uh…" Chopper wracked his brain, but
stuck his tongue out sheepishly. "I… can't actually think of a question. Sorry?"
"That's okay, Chopper." Reiju tittered. "Neither can I."
"Hey!" Luffy bellowed suddenly. "No more questions! After these, Cross and Evan only say
something if it's really, really important, and not before that!"
Vivi had been about to say something as well, but bit her lip and looked away in

disappointment.
"Ah…" Cross blinked in confusion. "W-Wait… hold on a second, what…"
"Well?" Nami grinned. "Come on! We asked our questions, so you're gonna answer, right?"
She looked me dead in the eyes, with wide shining eyes. "Pleeeease, Darling?"
Cross and I shared a look, and comprehension dawned on his face. Both of us barely kept
from breaking down. In spite of everything that was said… nothing had changed. Nothing at
all. Oh, this glorious crew…
Soundbite nudged Cross' neck, catching his attention. He grinned eyestalk to eyestalk.
"WELL, WHAT ARE WE WAITING FOR?!" he demanded eagerly.
Cross huffed heavily, then matched his grin. "Nothing… nothing at all. Let's get to it!"
"Agreed!" I nodded eagerly.
Without missing a beat, Cross stood, swinging his arm around Nami's. "Oh, Nami, Nami,
Nami…" Cross sighed dramatically, shaking his head sadly. "Your words, they wound me
more than you can imagine. For you see… we will not be rich."
You could almost hear Nami's heart break, tears forming in her eyes.
"No…" he continued confidently. "We will be beyond rich." Instantly, Nami's mood returned
to ecstatic.
"Quite right, sweetheart." I picked up, wrapping my arms around her from behind, speaking
near her ear. "I'd say we'll be beyond even that level of rich. Your fiscal knowledge, my
'Phantom Thief' items, and mine and Cross' combined insight, we'll be filthy, stinkin', down
and out dirty loaded."
Nami shuddered with pleasure, drooling a bit as she giggled maniacally.
"We're gonna make even the highest nobles look like common peasants with our wealth.
People's jaws will literally drop in sheer awe at our very splendor!"
Nami shuddered even harder, eyes glazing over in sheer joy.
"If that isn't enough, then tell me this… how does the image of Merry's hold filled to bursting
with solid, 24-karat gold sound?"
"Ooooohh!" Suddenly, Nami shuddered from head to toe and moaned euphorically as
she… OOOHHH MYYY…
Cross reeled back. "Uh… Nami… did… you just-?!"
"Speaking from experience, yes." I blurted quickly.

"RIGHT, MOVING ON!" Cross yelped, swinging over to Sanji. "Sanji, my friend! I'll be
honest with you! The times, they will be tough. You will have to endure rejection, your will
shall be pushed to the utmost limits… in short…" He held up his fist and shook his head
sadly. "You will have to traverse through the deepest, darkest depths of hell itself."
Sanji shuddered heavily but shot Cross a hopeful look. "I'm not imagining the 'but' I'm
hearing, right?"
Cross nodded, clamping a hand on the cook's shoulder. "But! So long as you persist and hold
firm, then I swear to you, I swear…" He nodded firmly. "You will reach paradise, my friend.
It is out there! You must strive for it with all your soul, but it awaits you! Will you reach for
it?!"
"HELL YEAH!" Sanji roared, the fires of his heart and soul blazing around him.
Cross moved on to Zoro, nodding in apology. "Zoro. To start, sorry again about the Whisky
Peak thing. I won't push you like that again, I promise. We square?"
Zoro scoffed, waving his hand dismissively. "Oh please. I would've let Nami off the hook had
she gone through with her original plan, what makes you think I couldn't for you?" He then
shot Cross a smile that could make demons shiver in fear. "Though your training is going to
be straight from the depths of Hell from now on, count on it."
Cross squeaked in fear. "Fights! Lot's of fights, good fights!"
"Oh, now that you can count on for sure." I piped up, turning a look to our sniper. "Look,
Usopp, I'm not gonna sugar coat this: you're always gonna be the weakest member of the
Straw Hat Pirates, that's just how it is."
"Oh…" he sagged sadly.
"Hey! None of that!" I called, making him look up again. "I said you'll be the weakest of our
crew. With other pirate crews, that might be insulting, but in case you forgot, we are the
Straw Hat Pirates! We are absolutely head and shoulders above every other crew in Paradise!
So even if you're the weakest of us, well…" I chuckled. "You may like your titles of 'Master
Guns' and 'Great Sniper' now, but in the future, you'll more than earn two more: 'Sniper
King'... and 'God'."
"...For real?" Usopp blinked in awe.
Cross nodded firmly, walking up and patting him on the back. "Weakest or strongest, it
doesn't matter. End of the day, you're a Straw Hat Pirate, a Brave Warrior of the Sea, and a
world-class sniper besides. Take pride in that, no matter what anyone says. Alright?"
Usopp stared in shock for a second… before throwing his arms up joyously. "WOOHOO!" he
whooped, doing a little jig. "Oh, right." He stopped his dance for a moment. "I finished that
project you asked me for back before you got sick, don't worry."

Cross shuddered nervously under Zoro's gaze behind him. "Somehow that doesn't reassure
me."
As Usopp joined in celebrating with Sanji, and Cross went to speak with Chopper and Vivi,
Nami got her arm in mine.
"Hey, Evan…" she began. "Suffice to say, I think it would be good to have a chat later, just
the two of us."
I froze up, then sighed, nodding in agreement. "I understand. I'd feel the same way, don't
worry. We'll party, then we can have our talk."
Nami had an odd look on her face. "Okay? If you say so…"
"Hey, Captain!" Cross called out.
"Huh?" Luffy blinked in confusion. "What is it, Cross?"
"I know you didn't ask anything… but I just wanna say two things! Now mind you, one of
these things was confirmed in the story, but I have believed in both without a doubt in my
mind for as long as I've known them. You mind if I say them?"
Luffy tilted his head in thought, before grinning ear to ear. "Go for it, Cross!"
"Well then, in that case…" He crossed his arms and bowed his head solemnly. First and
foremost, allow me to say this: the One Piece exists!"
All movement on the deck froze, the rest of the crew staring at Cross in surprise and awe.
"Now! Whether it's waiting for us on Laugh Tale, or the center of the planet, or somewhere
just as wild, I haven't the foggiest. Either way, I believe with all my heart that it's somewhere
out there, waiting for us to find it!
"Which leads me straight to my second statement!" Cross looked Luffy dead in the eye,
grinning as widely and confidently as he could. "We will find the One Piece, and
you will become King of the Pirates! I'll admit, before I met you, I only knew that you would
do it as a fact, but after I met you… after I met you, I believed it. I believed it with all my
heart and soul. I believe it now, and I will until the day I die." He nodded firmly. "And that's a
legitimate fact."
"Hear hear!" I cheered in agreement.
Luffy wore a look of numb shock for a minute… then grinned as wide as he possibly
could, literally vibrating with excitement. "Now can we celebrate?!" he squealed impatiently.
Cross spread his arms wide. "Ladies and gentlemen… I have only one word for you all!"

"And that word would be?" Luffy asked eagerly.
"KANPAI!" Soundbite roared, interrupting Cross before he could say it.
Cross glared at Soundbite in exasperation, then sighed and shrugged with a grin. "You heard
the snail! Let's get brick faced!"
And just like that, the Merry erupted into a full-blown celebration, which lasted straight on
through the night.

~BtWwG~​

Of course, the party was not forever, and I ended up in the Tent with Nami. Except this time,
not for the usual fun reasons.
"Alright." I sighed morosely. "Let's do this."
"Right." Nami spoke, expression unreadable. "So… you knew everything about me, huh?
From the very beginning."
"...no." I said solemnly. "I knew everything about 'Cat Burglar' Nami, a character in my
favorite manga back home. I learned about you, a real person, over the course of our time on
this crew."
"Pretty words, and I appreciate them, really. But semantics either way. Your… you called it
'metaknowledge'? It gave you insight on me and my past. I'd like to hear what you have to
say for yourself?"
I sighed shakily, looking down. "I only used what I knew to guide you away from a bad path
onto a better one, that's all. I never intended to emotionally manipulate you into a relationship
with me, ever. It just sort of… happened. I never meant to hurt you in any way. I… I've fallen
in love with you, Nami, truly. I love the way you get passionate about your maps, the
adorable way you look when you're concentrating as you draw them. I love how you get
when you're navigating us through this madhouse of a sea. Everything about you."
I shut my eyes in pain. "But I understand if this all changes things. I understand if you…

want to break this relationship off. I'll accept it, no matter how much it hurts, so-"
*THWICK*
"Ow!" I flinched, feeling a sharp pain in my forehead. Where Nami had flicked it.
"I'm sorry, I thought Luffy was supposed to be our biggest moron, not you." she said, cheeky
grin on her face. "Fucking dumbass. I knew damn well you didn't try to use your knowledge
to hook up with me. Your little reaction when I dragged you home told me that much."
"Ahah…" I scratched the back of my head in embarrassment. Nami then grabbed my chin,
forcing me to look her in the eyes.
"Listen here, my adorably idiotic Darling… I love you. This whole… parallel universe thing?
It doesn't change that. I'm annoyed that you didn't tell me, but I'll forgive you for it.
Especially because I know you meant it when you said you intended to tell us."
I gaped in shock for a few moments, then fought back tears as I smiled gratefully. "What did I
ever do to deserve you?" I sighed euphorically.
"Empowered me… made me richer… beat down my tormentor within an inch of his life…
that kind of thing."
I blinked. "Oh yeah… those are things I did, aren't they?"
She leaned in and locked lips with me, initiating a deep, loving kiss between us, which
seemed to go on forever. Until we needed to come up for air, anyway. Not that we didn't have
round two. Or three. And so forth. We may have passed out in each other's arms from just as
much oxygen deprivation as exhaustion.

Chapter 22: Alabastian Nights
Our journey continued, with just as many wacky hijinks as per usual. Not far from leaving
the soon-to-be Sakura Kingdom, we realized that Christmas had come around and had
ourselves a celebration onboard. We also had many days of training for the entire crew. Even
Soundbite got involved, developing techniques to use via his Noise-Noise Fruit to support
Cross. The man himself also spoke with our Devil Fruit users about their abilities to try and
inspire them to think outside the box… well, more than normal, at least.
However, we had a new problem on our ship that I forgot to account for. Luffy eating us out
of ship and home. Reiju called it. I ended up preventing a mutiny by having a sitdown chat
with our illustrious Captain and explaining to him as best I could. He couldn't possibly fight
at his best with an empty stomach, so what about the rest of the crew? He actually understood
that he'd endangered the whole crew this way, and even apologized. Maybe there was hope
for him yet… maybe…
At any rate, now we had Luffy and Usopp fishing off the side of the ship in hopes of getting
some more food aboard.
"Maaan," Luffy complained, gut rumbling. "I'm so hungry…"
"You do realize this is your fault!" Usopp snapped. "You even ate all the bait, Luffy! How are
we supposed to catch any fish if we don't give them a reason?!"
"You ate some too." Luffy accused.
"I only ate what was stuck to the lid of the bait box, that's it!"
"How's it going, boys?" Vivi asked, coming up behind the two. "Have you caught anything
yet?"
"MMMMMMMPH! MMPH!" came a muffled raging from a certain duck, strung up in their
fishing lines as bait.
"Think we'll catch a shark?" Luffy asked Usopp.
"I'm hoping for a Sea King, personally." he replied.
"CARUE!" Vivi exclaimed. What followed was a severe beatdown of the impromptu
fishermen, and the freeing of Vivi's life-long companion, who began a (hilarious) Donald
Duck raging against them both.
Vivi glared at them, but stopped when she spotted something. "Hey, what's that over there?"
she asked, indicating a bunch of cloudiness on the ocean ahead of us.

"What is that?" Usopp wondered. "Smoke?"
"Looks kinda like cotton candy." Luffy commented.
"Oh yeah, I see it." Nami observed, coming up and leaning on the Merry's railing. "Nothing
to worry about. It's just steam."
"Steam in the middle of the ocean?!" Usopp goggled.
"Yeah, it's a hot spot. There's an undersea volcano around here, where magma comes up from
the ocean floor."
"Wow." Chopper spoke up. "A volcano? Underwater?"
Nami nodded. "There's actually more volcanoes under the water than above it, so it's more
common than you think. Someday in the future, in a few thousand years or more… a new
island will be born, right here."
"My girlfriend, quite the intelligent young woman." I praised, eliciting a giggle as she
preened.
Going Merry continued on her path directly into the cloud. Everyone started gagging and
coughing as we entered. "Gah, it smells like sulfur!" Usopp complained.
"I can't see a thing!" Luffy called out.
"Just bear with it, it'll clear up soon!" Nami replied.
A few minutes more, and the steam began to clear up. As it did, most of us stared in surprise
at the new 'catch' clinging to Usopp and Luffy's re-casted lines.
"THAT'S A WEIRD FISH!!" the fishermen exclaimed.
"Ahhh!" Mister Two exclaimed. "How did I even get entangled in these lines!" As he said
that, he came undone, and fell into the sea. "AHHHH!! HELP ME! PLEASE, GET ME OUT
OF HERE! I CAN'T SWIM!"
A couple of minutes later, and the soaking-wet Okama now sat upon our deck. "Thank you
very much." he said, saluting with his right hand in front of his face. "You are
such swanderful people."
"...that pun… physically hurt me…" Usopp deadpanned.
I… wasn't up to the task of describing Bon Clay's appearance. It was… not that flattering, to
be honest, but whatever. The coat was nice, though.
"I never imagined that my life would be saved by a crew of pirates I don't even know." Mister
Two began. "I am forever in your debt. However… could I trouble you for a warm cup of

soup?"
"NO WAY!" most of us shouted. "WE'RE STARVING TOO!"
"Hmmm?" Mister Two spotted Vivi at the upper railing. "Well, look at you! Aren't you a
cutie! I could just eat you up! MWAH!" The Okama blew a kiss at the princess, making her
shudder in disgust.
"I officially envy the blind…" Cross muttered under his breath.
"The horror…" Soundbite whimpered miserably in his shell.
"HMMMM? I'm sorry, boy, what did you just say?!"
"GRGH!" Cross jumped back in shock, as Mister Two suddenly got right in his personal
space, looking rather peeved.
"Do you have a problem with Okamas, young man?" he demanded in a huff.
Cross' eye twitched furiously, and he just kept his hand from going to his baton. "Alright, first
off, I am eighteen, and I think I'm starting to develop a complex here. So fair warning, there's
a non-zero chance I will brain you if you don't back off."
The okama blinked, then backed up with an embarrassed chuckle. "Aheh, sorry about that."
"Right… anyways… Secondly, concerning your question: I… do not dislike okamas based on
their choice. What they want to wear or… other facets of their personalities are wholly and
utterly none of my business. That being said though…" Cross glanced downwards with a
shudder. "If you're going to walk around with your legs bare, then for god's sake, invest in
some razors!"
Mister Two cocked an eyebrow curiously, then shrugged indifferently. "Fair enough. To be
honest, that answer is more cordial than most I'd expect. Ah well!"
'To think… this guy is the second-most dangerous man in the lineup of Baroque Works'
Officer Agents.' I mused. 'Talk about your books and covers.'
"So… you really can't swim?" Luffy questioned.
"Quite right!" Mister Two replied. "You see, I partook of a Devil Fruit, so I am forever cursed
to sink!"
"Really? What kind of fruit was it?" Usopp inquired curiously.
"Well, since I can't go anywhere until my ship picks me up… I guess there's no harm in a
little fun." Mister Two reasoned. "To thank you, I might as well put on a show!" The swanbearer reeled his arm back. "BEHOLD MY ABILI-!"

"Hey, watch it!" Cross yelped, managing to catch Two's wrist.
"Awww, Cross! What gives?!" Luffy whined childishly.
"'What gives' is that there's a hundred and one different Devil Fruit abilities on the seas. If
you think there's a chance that I'm gonna let a stranger use their ability on this ship without
telling us what it is, then you're out of your mind!" Cross snapped. Quick thinking on the
Commie, that was close.
"Huh?" Luffy blinked in confusion. "But Cross, don't you-GRK!" The Captain was cut off as
Nami began to hastily throttle him.
"Oh, don't mind me, please continue." Nami said calmly.
Bon Clay gave Nami a confused look, then just shrugged indifferently, and smiled at Cross.
"Well, you seem like quite the smart cookie, my friend. It's not often that one sees someone
quite so smart on the Grand Line! Good on you!" he complimented, giving Cross a paternal
pat on… the cheek… ah, shit.
Cross chuckled sheepishly as he scratched the back of his head. "Yeah, well, someone on this
crew has to use common sense, n-eek!" He froze as he realized what he just let happen. "Uhoh…"
"Heeheeheehee!" Mister Two smirked, slapping his right hand to his own cheek, and using
Cross' face to grin back at him. "Guess you're not as smart as you thought after all,
huuuuuh~?"
"God damn it, Cross…" I groaned. All he could respond with was a strangled gurgle.
"Haha!" Bon Clay cheered, spinning around eagerly. "Behold! The power of the Clone-Clone
Fruit! By touching someone with my right hand-!"
"Hey!" Cross barked, snapping out of his shock and getting between Two and the rest of the
crew. "No touchy, especially not in the face!"
"Crooooss!" Luffy whined petulantly.
"Come on, dude, why do you have to ruin our fun?!" Usopp demanded.
"Fun-killer!" Chopper agreed.
"I don't know about you, but personally? I don't consider the idea of leaving
my… everything in the hands of a stranger to be 'fun'. Cross stated flatly, leveling a glare at
Bon Clay. "Bad enough you have my face, but so long as I have any say in the matter, you
won't get anyone else's."
"Agreed." I nodded firmly.

Mister Two pouted innocently. "Aww, don't you trust me, Mister Cross?"
His glare changed to a flat look. "You tricked me and stole my face. In a word? No."
"Oh, you're no fun." Mister Two accused, making Cross fold his arms and glare expectantly.
"Well, I suppose I can work with what I have. Let's try this again: behold, the power of the
Clone-Clone Fruit!"
Bentham began showing off his carnival of faces, swapping from one to the next with ease.
Intriguing… yet somewhat disturbing. Moreso when he cycled through King Cobra's face.
Must've pulled some Agent 47 moves to get that. Cross went to swiftly silence Carue when
he recognized the face. "How do you like my special talent?!" Bon Clay asked, pirouetting. "I
don't show that to just anyone, you know."
"SO COOOL!" The 'Kiddy Trio' exclaimed. The three joined arms together with Mister Two,
and the four danced about, chanting, 'Stoooop joking aroooouuund!' over and over.
"Ugh, those morons…" Nami sighed.
"At the very least, it makes for an amusing show." Reiju smiled.
Nearby, Mister Two's ship, the Swanda, as I recall, steadily grew closer to ours, the crew
having spotted us. "Hey, there's a ship coming this way!" Nami called to the Okama. "Is that
yours?"
"Ah, is it time to part already?! Too bad..." Bon Clay said, jumping up onto the railing.
"Huuuuh?!" went the adoring audience. "No, don't go yet!"
"Do not be sad, my dears! Every voyage must come to an end! But always remember…" He
turned with teary eyes and pulled off a 'Nice Gai'. "True friendship… is not determined by
how long you've spent together!!"
"Goodbye, weird guy! We'll miss you!" Luffy cried.
"I hope we meet again!" Chopper and Usopp concurred.
"Oh don't worry, we'll be seeing him again…" Cross informed them blandly.
"Now then, my men!" the Okama pointed forward dramatically. "Let us be off!"
"Aye-aye, Mister Two Bon Clay, sir!" the crew cried out, setting the Swanda's paddles to
charge off at full speed.
The ship was silent for a few moments, as we all watched the 'enemy' ship sail off. "Oh
yeah," Cross deadpanned. "We'll be seeing him again real soon."
"THAT WAS MISTER TWO?!" the 'Kiddy Trio' squawked in disbelief.

"That guy is one of Baroque Works' strongest Officer Agents?" Zoro scoffed. "Seriously?"
"That actually was… Mister Two Bon Clay!" Vivi gasped in shock.
"Didn't you know what he looked like?!" Usopp demanded.
"Nuh-uh, we nevah met anyone bewow Mistah Thwee, and that was enough for me!" Carue
squawked in denial.
"But… I did hear rumors…" Vivi moaned, sinking to her knees. "That he's a flamboyant
crossdresser, he has swans on his coat, and the words 'Okama Way' printed on its back."
"Are you blind?" Luffy, Usopp and Zoro deadpanned in disbelief.
"Would you like me to suggest some memory exercises for you now, or would you rather
wait until after you forget some touchy nation's customs?" Cross asked innocently.
"Why didn't you tell us who he was?!" Vivi demanded, rounding on Cross with fury. "That
man had my father's face. Baroque Works has his face! Can you even imagine the kind of
damage they could cause?!"
He winced. "All too well…" Cross sighed grimly. "But while the damage he'll cause will be
devastating, the damage that would've been caused by stopping him just now would've been
positively cataclysmic, if not fatal. Believe me, I hated staying silent, but it was the only
option! The fact is, we need him to be our friend. I don't like it any more than you, but for
now, the Okama goes free. Besides…" Cross grinned confidently. "I've already done more
than enough to nullify him completely."
"Oh yeah?" Zoro grunted in confusion. "How so?"
My grin grew to match his, as I side-hugged Nami. "Easy, he didn't get this lovely face."
Nami blinked in confusion for a moment, then sighed heavily and facepalmed. "Sanji will be
fighting him, won't he?"
"You called, Nami-swan?" the Simp King swooned, swirling up to us.
"Where da heck were you?!" Carue demanded.
"Cooking dinner in the kitchen." Sanji shrugged indifferently, looking about and reading
everyone's expressions. "What did I miss?"
"We made friends with a shapeshifting Okama who stole Cross' face, but he turned out to be
one of the bad guys who's hurting Vivi's country." Luffy explained simply.
Sanji blinked as he took in the statement, then shrugged indifferently again. "Okay."

"For the record," Cross explained to him. "He means that the Okama, Mister Two, can use his
Clone-Clone Fruit powers to turn into me. Seeing as how you'll be fighting him in the future,
chances are he might try using that to trick you. Do you think you're prepared for that?"
Sanji stared at him flatly, then placed his hands on his shoulders. "Cross." he stated solemnly.
"I will not hesitate for a second before kicking your ass into a broken, bleeding pulp. Of this,
you have my word."
Cross grinned and nodded… then took a second to think that over again. "You mean…
kick his ass… wearing my face…right?"
"That too." Sanji nodded.
Cross wheeled around, clapping his hands firmly, rictus grin on his face. "Let's work out a
password, just to be safe, huh?" he asked hastily.
"Eh, I dunno…" Zoro mused with a sadistic grin. "Maybe we should just give you a beating
every time we see you, just to be sure?"
"PASSWORD! NOW!"
"'Swordfish', perhaps?" I grinned mischievously.
"BETTER PASSWORD!"
"Well, Cross, do you have any ideas?" Reiju asked.
"...well… now that you mention it… has anyone ever heard of Pandaman?"

~BtWwG~​

A handful of foodless days, and one encounter with one of Alabasta's sacred Sea Cats (that
Luffy, Zoro and Sanji scared off with hunger) later, and we finally had our next port of call in
sight. Sandy Island.
It was the biggest expanse of land I'd seen on the Grand Line to date. More than an island, a

veritable continent of sand, shadows, and, to my trepidation, heat. My new body was able to
deal with heat better, but I still wasn't the biggest fan. Much less so when it was a
legitimate desert. Still, for the sake of this war-torn country, and Vivi, I'm more than ready to
endure it.
"Welcome home, Vivi…" Cross spoke, patting the princess on the shoulder as we approached
the port of Nanohana. "It's been waiting for you for a while now."
"Mmm…" Vivi nodded in morose agreement. "I'd say it's good to be home, but given the
circumstances…"
"Hey, don't be like that, Vi." I spoke, coming up on her other side. "What have we already
told you, huh?"
Vivi was silent for a moment, then smiled broadly. "Believe in Luffy.
"Damn right." Cross nodded in agreement. "He might be a dingus, but in the end, he's still
Luffy. He'll get things done, one way or another."
"FOOOOOOOD!!" Luffy howled, blazing a trail off the ship and into town, naught but a dust
cloud left in his wake.
"Usually another…" Cross grumbled. He tapped Soundbite's shell and waved his finger in a
circle, an electronic whine indicating his amp was up. "I'll go after Luffy. Hurry up with
getting the supplies, when we get back it'll be with his brother, and a lot of Marines on our
tail."
"SAY WHAAAT?!" Everyone yelled.
Cross didn't listen, jumping ashore himself. "HEY, LUFFY, WAIT UP!" he called after our
Captain.
I sighed. "Always on the move…"
"Now what?" Vivi groused. "Nanohana is a big place, how will we ever find them?"
"Don't worry about it, Vivi dear." Sanji soothed. "We just gotta look for the noisiest place in
town. They're bound to be there."
"Hehehe, that's practically a certainty!" Reiju giggled.
"Oh no… look there!" Vivi pointed to a ship in the rocks nearby… with a very prominent
figurehead. "That's Mister Three's ship! It runs on his Wax-Wax Fruit powers, so he's
somewhere in this Kingdom…"
Suddenly, I was grabbed by the shoulder and spun around, looking at my rather incensed
lover. "Darling…" Nami began. "What the Hell did Cross mean by Marines?! And why didn't
you idiots tell us Mister Three was here?!"

"Three is kinda irrelevant." I explained. "He's nowhere near here at the moment, so hiding
our faces isn't necessary. Plus, ol' Sandile is gonna end up taking care of him before he can
come for us. The Marines, though…" I shrugged. "Cross said he spoke with Smoker back in
Loguetown, but he'd've chased Luffy here regardless, simply on pride."
"And now?" Nami groaned wearily.
"Now, Nami?" came Cross' voice, still in Soundbite range. "If there was a chance in Hell he'd
ever leave us be before, it sure as heck doesn't exist now!"
"...you are a raging son of a bitch, you know that?"
"And proud of it!" Cross cackled eagerly. "Now, hurry up and load up on supplies, the
desert's gonna be a bitch as it is. Oh! Before I forget, Sanji!"
"Yeah, Cross?"
"You're in charge of getting clothes for everyone. Make sure you go with your instincts, got
it? The fate of Alabasta might very well depend on it!"
Sanji blinked in confusion. "Um… alright? If you say so, Cross."
"Alright." I spoke. "Thinking twice about it, I'm gonna go after those idiots. Luffy can get
into enough trouble on his own, but with Cross enabling him…"
"...shit. You raise a good point. Good luck, Darling." Nami reached up to give me a kiss.
"Don't forget, you're wanted too. Be careful!"
I gave her a two finger salute, put up my hood, and took off into town. My search went on for
too long, it was obvious I'd gotten lost. I decided to take to the rooftops to find my wayward
crewmates. Just in time, as a commotion from deeper in town drew me in. I began speeding
across the rooftops toward the sounds of conflict, and almost missed Luffy dragging Cross
behind him coming towards me.
"Hair detergent?" Luffy spoke, confused, looking over his shoulder at Cross. "I thought that
we were doing this for Viv-ACK!"
"HOLY-!"
Luffy mistimed one of his steps, and the pair fell into one of the gaps between the buildings
in the space of a blink. Leaving me to collide headlong into the pursuing Captain Smoker
right behind them.
"OOF-!" / GAH-!"
The two of us went careening through the air and landed in the middle of a street. We
clambered to our feet, backing off from each other.

"Urrgh… trying to help your Captain get away, 'Butcher Blade'?" Smoker growled, jitte at the
ready.
I drew Zangetsu, taking him in both hands. "Well, I wasn't a second ago, but now that we're
here, I might as well take some time to play with you."
"This is no joking matter! Now tell me, what did Cross mean when he said you're after
Crocodile as a favor to Alabasta's princess?!"
'God damn it, big mouth…' "Think of us as mercenaries." I offered. "Hired to do a job for the
Kingdom. That's all I'm gonna say."
"You think so? I say I'll make you talk, after I capture you! White Launcher!" He burst into
smoke, coming straight at me. I crossed my blade with his jitte, holding him back. "White
Breath!" Smoker breathed out a smoke cloud in my face, blinding me and making me
stumble back. Suddenly, a sharp pain erupted in my back, as Smoker rammed the tip of his
jitte into my spine, pinning me to the ground.
"Now, I'm going to have you tell me everything I want to know, pirate." he sneered.
"You think so?" I grinned. "Hado #22: Reppusho!" I unleashed a gale upon the Marine
captain from my reversed hand, scattering his smoky form. He reconstituted himself as I
stood again.
"What?! How the Hell…?" Smoker fumed.
"Surprise, Smokestack." I goaded, my grin wider than ever. "I don't have Devil Fruit powers!
Can't suppress me with your oh-so-special seastone-tipped weapon. Well, at any
rate… Bakudo #30: …" A burst of crackling yellow energy formed in my left hand, which I
used to draw an inverted triangle in the air. From it, three smaller triangles formed from each
of its points. "Shitotsu Sansen!"
The three triangles fired, and before Smoker could dodge, they struck his body, and pinned
him to the wall of a nearby building by his arms and middle, in the same triangular shape
they were in.
"WHAT?!" Smoker raged, struggling against his bonds. "I-I can't move! How did you do
that?! I'm a Logia!"
"Heh, so Kido can potentially bypass Logia phasing." I mused. "Excellent. Well, you sit tight,
Smokestack. That shouldn't last all day, so you'll be free to pointlessly chase us lat-!"
My instincts screamed at me, and I grasped Zangetsu in both hands, levering the blade over
my head and behind my back. Just in time to catch the blade of Shigure before Tashigi could
land a critical blow.
"Damn, you're good!" I grinned in delight, looking over my shoulder at her. "Almost didn't

catch you coming. Wish I could stick around for a proper duel, but I really should get going.
I've got places to be." I pushed her back slightly and turned to face the swordswoman.
"You won't be going anywhere!" she declared fiercely. "I'm going to take you down, and take
that… that…" She looked at Zangetsu oddly. "I don't recognize that sword…"
"Because Zangetsu isn't a Meito." I explained. "He's much greater than that."
Tashigi shook her head. "It doesn't matter. I'm taking you in, pirate! Here and now!"
"Disintegrate, you black dog of Rondanini!" I chanted, Tashigi furrowing her brow in
confusion. "Look upon yourself with horror and then claw out your own throat!"
"Wh-What?"
"Tashigi, watch out!" Smoker warned hastily.
I rapidly drew a symbol in the air with red light. "Bakudo #8: Geki!" Tashigi's body was
engulfed in red light, and kept her completely paralyzed.
"Wait, what the hell?!" she exclaimed.
"Okay, be good!" I waved, jumping up to the rooftops, then putting up my hood and
disappearing. I began running about mostly-aimlessly. I should probably just return to the
ship, but I still wanted to find my missing crewmates. My high luck-stat seemed to be in
good spirits today, as I found them only a few minutes later. Cross was unconscious, and
Luffy was accompanied by his dear older brother Portgas (Gol) D. Ace.
"There you idiots are." I announced, dropping my hood and illusion. Ace nearly snapped into
a combat stance as he saw me appear.
"Oh, hey, Evan!" Luffy greeted happily. "I coulda sworn I saw you earlier."
"You did. I ran into Smoker when you fell. Ended up having a scuffle for a bit to buy you
some time."
"Oh… thanks, then!" He turned to his brother. "Ace, this is our Chronicler, Evan! He's
writing our adventures as a story!"
I held out my hand to the Whitebeard Commander. "Seidler D. Evan, at your service."
Ace smirked, and grasped it, shaking my hand. "Portgas D. Ace, at yours. So, a writer, huh?
How'd that happen? 'Cause I'm pretty sure my brother wouldn't prioritize such a position."
I shrugged. "It was a spontaneous decision. I was already on the crew, but I hadn't established
a position yet. Figured I could put my talents to good use."
"Good thinking."

"Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey Cross. Cross. Cross. Hey. Hey." Luffy was over near the commie's
unconscious form, poking his face.
"Mmmrgrgh…" Cross groaned, slowly reawakening.
"Are you sure he's still alive, Luffy?" Ace asked.
"Yeah, I'm sure." the rubber man grinned. "Cross isn't a weakling! Well, he's kind of a
weakling, but he's been getting better… sorta? It's confusing."
"NO, YOU'RE JUST a moron!" Soundbite cackled.
As Cross started sitting up, he hissed in pain, clutching the back of his head.
"Oh, hey, Cross, you woke up!" Luffy cheered enthusiastically. "How ya feeling?"
Cross' eyebrow quickly twitched once… twice… thrice… before finally*THWACK* "MMPH!"
He rammed his fist quite literally elbow-deep in Luffy's face.
He blinked, seemingly surprised that he'd done this, and tried yanking his arm back out, but
sweatdropped when he found himself thoroughly stuck.
"Ah…" Cross grinned sheepishly. "Luffy's skull is a bit thicker than I thought. Little help?"
"BAH-HAHAHAHAHAAA!" I exploded in laughter, falling on my ass. This fucking
crew never failed to be the most ridiculous thing this side of Paradise.
Ace quickly joined me in mirth. "HAHAHAHAHA! Oh man, you really are Luffy's
crewmate! Only he'd be crazy enough to recruit someone like you!"
"Yeah, yeah, I'm a crazy sumbitch worthy of the Grand Line, that's both a compliment and an
insult. Now help me before Luffy asphyxiates! God knows that he didn't get enough air at
birth as is…"
"Nah, I know for a fact that Luffy chewed the bars of his crib as a kid." Ace said with a grin.
Cross matched it. "Lead paint?"
"He swears up and down that it tasted like chocolate."
"'ut it 'id!" Luffy managed to get out.
"HOOHOOHOOHAHAHAHEEHEEHEE!" Soundbite cackled madly.

"But, ah, seriously though. "Cross planted a foot on Luffy's shoulder to try and leverage his
way loose. "Get. Me-!"
In a flare, Ace was behind Luffy, grabbing the nape of his neck and yanking back hard. It
provided more than enough force to pry the two loose with a satisfying POP.
"Thanks." Cross said, shaking out his hand. "For a moment there, I was afraid we'd have to
resort to our first mate's brand of back-alley surgery. I dunno about you, but I like having both
hands, thanks."
"That's… Roronoa Zoro, right?" Ace replied, still grinning. "Good choice there, Luffy."
"He's been training me, so my bruises and I sorely beg to differ!" Cross jabbed his finger up
pointedly.
"That training being a great help in your rise in durability, right?" I noted, smirking.
"Quiet, you…"
"Heh, yeah, Zoro and everyone else on my crew is pretty great!" Luffy snickered, rubbing a
finger under his nose. He then clapped Ace on his shoulder. "I know I already said it, but it's
really great to see you again, Ace! I've missed you a whole lot!" His face then contorted in
confusion. "But what the heck are you doing in Alabasta anyway? Cross and Evan told me
that your new captain Whitestache-!"
"Beard!" Ace, Cross and I corrected with varying degrees of heat.
"Whitebeard is on the other side of the world! How come you're so far away?"
I noticed Cross shudder heavily, likely recalling the reason himself. "Ah, before you answer
that, mind if I say something?" he asked, waving a hand frantically.
The brothers looked at him in confusion. "Uh… sure thing, Cross, what is it?" Luffy tilted his
head inquiringly.
Cross hesitated, then began poking his fingers together sheepishly. I… look, Luffy, what I'm
about to say… chances are you're gonna want to punch my head off my shoulders for it.
And… you'd be well within your rights to do so, both of you. Just... fair warning, alright?"
'Oh dear, he's about to drop that bomb, isn't he? This should be interesting, if nothing else.'
Luffy frowned in concern. "Cross, does this have anything to do with 'that'?"
He winced guiltily. "It's… it's a part of 'that' which I didn't tell. That I couldn't tell you until
now, when Ace was around. I'm really sorry I didn't, but I swear I had my reasons. Good
reasons, not like last time. Alright?"
Luffy pursed his lips in thought for a moment, then nodded solemnly. "Okay then. What is

it?"
Ace, for his part, was looking at us like we were crazy. "Uh... what are you talking about?
What's 'that'? And what could-?"
"Ace." I interrupted. "I need you to stay calm and listen. This is no ruse, no ploy. Try not to
kill him, please." If anything, Ace looked even more bewildered.
"Over ten years ago, you and Luffy had a third brother, named Sabo."
Until Cross began speaking again and stared like he'd grown a second head.
"When you met him, he made himself out to be a street rat like you, but the truth was that he
was an ex-noble. Emphasis on the 'ex', because for those who can't conform, life as a noble is
Hell, so he got the fuck outta dodge. Despite not being related by blood, all three of you
were just as close, if not closer. However, after the nobles launched their plan to immolate
Gray Terminal and everyone living within, Sabo decided to flee Goa Kingdom and set out on
his own to be a pirate. Sadly, he left the same day a World Noble was arriving. The Noble
fired upon and destroyed his ship for the dual crimes of flying a jolly roger… and because
Sabo cut off the Noble's ship with his own."
Now Ace was looking at Cross with the same expression I'd imagine he'd use on Blackbeard.
"That part… was the part that Luffy knows that I know. But what I'm about to say… this is
the first he'll hear of it." Those words caught Luffy's attention but good.
Ace took a step towards Cross, angled so that he was in front of Luffy, the already warm
temperature slowly rising. "What are you talking about?" he asked menacingly.
Cross swallowed heavily, clenching his eyes shut, and bracing himself. "Sabo is alive."
*SLAM*
"GRK!" Cross wheezed out around the iron grip of Ace's hand on his throat, slammed into
the nearest wall.
"Mother!" Soundbite yelped, snapping back into his shell.
"Ace, stop!" I warned, grabbing the man's arm. I was quickly repelled by the heat and flame
he gave off, and a wave of force he emitted.
"I'mnotlyingI'mnotlyingI'mnotlyingohdeargoddon'tkillmeI'mnotlying!" Cross babbled
desperately.
"Yeah, I bet." Ace growled viciously, the air around him visibly shimmering. "It's a shame,
I actually thought you were a decent guy. Second time I've been wrong. Only this
time, you're not getting away."

"Ace!" Luffy shouted. "Let go of my Commie!"
"Luffy, you can't actually believe thi-!"
"Bakudo #28: Kusari no Jigoku!" The blood-red chain wrapped around Ace's body, the
spike itself locking into one of the links instead of stabbing into him.
"Enough, Ace!" I demanded. "Just let the man speak! We mean no harm, I promise you!"
"Yeah, right, and I'm just supposed to believe you?!" Ace scoffed irritably.
"Luffy, help me out here before I have to burn your brother with Hellfire!"
"Ace, ENOUGH!" Luffy ordered fiercely.
"Luffy-!"
"Cross and Evan already lied to me once, and they hated every second of it! They wouldn't do
it again! I trust them!"
…oh wow. Even in this situation, hearing that… It's really touching.
"But-! He's talking about Sabo!"
"They haven't been wrong before, and I trust them! Now let him go… or else."
Ace hesitated for a moment longer, then loosened his grip on Cross, letting his feet touch the
ground. "Talk fast."
"World Nobles can't shoot worth shit." Cross spat out. "The bastard hit Sabo's boat, but not
Sabo himself. No one found a body because there was no body to find. He was rescued."
"By who?" Luffy asked hastily.
"The same people who rescued the people of Gray Terminal before they burned… Dragon
and his Revolutionaries. Dragon rescued him, they nursed him back to health-!"
"Sabo would have come back if he was still alive!" Ace barked viciously.
"Amnesia, Ace!" I retorted, his glare shifting to me. "Sabo lived, but he didn't get out without
injury. He still has amnesia to this day; the only reason he has his name still is because it was
sewn into his hat! Everything before he got blasted was gone."
"Then why didn't they just take him back to Goa, huh? Why take him along?!"
"Sabo's love for you was strong, but his hatred of Goa was stronger!" Cross continued,
shaking his head miserably. "Every fiber of his being screamed at him to not go back, and the
Revolutionaries accepted! They took him with them! H-He's still with them, as Dragon's

Chief-Of-Staff, he's alive, I swear it!"
Ace stared unreadably for a moment longer, then he finally released Cross and stepped back,
letting him slump against the wall. I likewise released my kido and let the chain dissipate.
"T-Thank yo-!"
"Say it again." Ace demanded.
Cross blinked in confusion, looking up at him. "Wha-?"
Then suddenly, and without warning, something nearly indescribable occurred. Crushed into
my mind's eye, was the sun. That raging nuclear ball of flaming gas and plasma, and I was
somehow right in front of it.
'Conqueror's… Haki…' I fought to stay awake, the force of a New World Pirate's Haki
crushing me.
"Say. It. Again." Ace stated.
As Ace's Haki continued to slam into me, I stood my ground. I could not allow this to deter
me. I am a Straw Hat Pirate, God Damn it! There will be no bowing down for me
to anyone but Luffy!
SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
I slammed my reiatsu wide-the-fuck open, focusing it on Ace. The man stumbled for a
moment, surprised. But undeterred. He focused again on Cross, who finally managed to
respond.
"I swear." he breathed. "I swear to god, to the devil, I swear on my friends, I swear on my
friendship with Luffy, I swear to you. Sabo is alive and well. I did not, would not lie."
Just as suddenly, it was over. Cross collapsed on all fours, dry-heaving repeatedly. I began to
catch my breath. That was… impressive. To think, Luffy would be able to weaponize that in
the future. I almost feel sorry for our future enemies.
…almost.
"He's alive…" Ace murmured, fighting to stay upright against a wall, a joyous expression on
his face, tears streaming down. "He's alive… our brother's alive!"
Ace's will was truly something else, since as fast as he broke down, he was able to pull
himself back together just as quickly. Good thing, too, 'cause it means he was able to hastily
tackle Luffy and force his mouth shut, preventing him from literally bouncing out of the alley
in ecstasy.
"Quiet, you idiot!" Ace hissed frantically. "Do you want the Marines to hear you?"

"Or Baroque Works, for that matter, the town is crawling with Billions!" Cross added,
drawing a bemused look from Ace. "We're going up against Baroque Works, a top-secret
criminal organization sowing unrest and anarchy in Alabasta."
Ace rolled his eyes with a sigh. "I should have figured. Who's the boss? Anyone I know?"
"IT'S GONNA BE LUFFY vs CROCODILE!" Soundbite whooped. "Kickass TO THE
MAX!"
Ace gave us an impressed look. "It's been barely even… what, a month?" Luffy nodded.
"Barely been a month, and you've already managed to piss off a Warlord. I don't know if
that's a world record, or a testament to your lucky stupidity."
I turned to Cross. "Both?" I asked.
"Both." he nodded.
"Both is good." I said to Ace.
"HA! Fair point!" Ace barked in agreement. He looked down at Luffy. "Now then. I'm going
to let your mouth go. Do you promise to not shout loud enough that they'll hear you back
home on Dawn Island?"
"Mm-hmm!" the rubberbrain nodded.
"He's a lying liar who lies…" I snarked.
"Naturally…" Ace sighed in agreement. "Aright, one, two-!" He removed his hand from
Luffy's mouth"HE'S ALI-grk!"
And promptly squeezed his throat halfway shut. "Lower. The volume!"
"He's alive!" Luffy choked out. 'Snrkt.' He sounds like a dog toy. A broken one.
"Yes, he's alive!" Cross concurred wearily. "Now all we need to do is stay alive so
that you can live to see him. Sound good?"
Luffy blinked as he processed that, before nodding reluctantly in agreement. Then he tilted
his head at Cross in confusion. "Why didn't you tell me, Cross?"
Ace let go of Luffy. "That's… a good point. Why didn't you?"
"Preeeetty sure you're the reason." I deadpanned. "If Luffy came up to you telling you we
said Sabo is alive, you'd have thought of us as con-men trying to prey on his memory. And
after that, well…"

"BURN, BABY, BURN!" Soundbite sang out.
"Precisely." Cross nodded solemnly.
Ace had the decency to look sheepish as he averted his gaze. "Ah… well… I-I'm
not that bad…"
"Nah, it's actually a good reason." Luffy agreed with Cross. "You'd totally do that."
"My thoughts exactly." Cross concurred.
"PRETTY predictable!" Soundbite tacked on.
"Like clockwork, really." I added.
"Alright, alright, shut it, you jokers!" Ace huffed in embarrassment. "Anyways, shouldn't we
be trying to get back to your ship? I'm assuming you know where it is?"
"Outskirts of town, hidden in the outcroppings. Should be easy enough to find. Come on."
Cross waved for us to follow him as he began walking down the alleyway in the direction
Soundbite jerked his eyestalks.
We continued through Nanohana's back alleys calmly, doing our best to stick to the shadows
and avoid the main streets. Ace and Luffy chatted animatedly the whole way, catching up
with each other. Cross and I stayed quiet, it had nothing to do with us, so we needn't intrude.
Sadly, as it seemed like events were winding down, Soundbite spoke up.
"Lotta guys WITH GUNS and swords coming our way. Not Marines." he hissed.
Oooof course the Billions found us. Can't have more than a moment's peace on every damned
island we go to, can we? Ah well, C'est la vie, and all that jazz…
"Say, Cross?"
"Hm?" The Commie glanced over his shoulder. "Yeah, Ace?"
"Not that I don't appreciate what you've told us, but, well…" Ace shrugged. "How in
the hell did you know everything you said you knew? I can accuse you all I want, but…
there's just no way in hell you're from Goa, Grey Terminal, or Dawn Island… in fact, I don't
think you're from the East Blue, period. And I'm guessing from the way you went
unconscious that you don't have a Devil Fruit, so… how could you know about Sabo's
existence in the first place?"
Cross seemed to hesitate for a moment, then grinned eagerly as he focused on… a pair of
four-foot-lengths of pipe? And jogged up to them. "Tell ya what, Ace! I'll tell you how I
know what I know once we get to the Merry, and some extra…" Then he spun around,
holding out the pipes to the brothers. "And in return, you guys show me how two-thirds of
the Gray Terminal Brothers get things done. Deal?"

Ace and Luffy blinked. Twice. Then visibly relaxed when Cross purposely glanced at the
rooftops.
"Sounds fair to me." Ace shrugged, taking one of the pipes and giving it an experimental
swing. "How 'bout you, Luffy?"
"Weeell, it has been awhile…" Luffy mused, weighing his own pipe. "I mean, I can hit a lot
harder than this, you know?"
"What's wrong, little brother? Afraid you might be rusty after so long?" Ace teased.
"Heck no!" Luffy huffed indignantly. "I can kick anyone's ass any way any day! I'll kick the
asses of the Baroque bastards trying to sneak up on us no problem!"
The air seemed to freeze around us as Luffy said those words. The three of us gave him flat
glares. "You moron." we chorused, performing a triple facepalm.
Almost immediately, a half-dozen Billions jumped down, brandishing all manner of sharp
weapons at us. Wait, I'm sorry, is that one wearing spiked boots? I mean, if it works for him, I
guess. At the same time…
"Alright, I'm gonna get going, leave you to it." I stated firmly, clapping my hands together.
"Much as it'll be a good show, someone should get back ahead of you to let everyone know
things are fine."
Luffy shrugged. "Okay, see ya later!"
"And what makes you think we're gonna let you escape, huh?!" one of the Billions postured.
"That's easy. Now you see me… now you don't." I flipped the hood up on my cloak, and most
everyone started as I vanished.
"Wha- WHERE'D HE GO?!" another Billion exclaimed.
"...he can turn invisible." Ace blinked. "Of course he can."
With that, I jumped up to the rooftops to get away, leaving them with nothing more than
a Young Justice-brand Robin Laugh echoing through the alley. The guys would be alright. It's
just a bunch of mooks anyway, and Ace is with them. How much trouble could those three
end up in?

Chapter 23: Alabastian Days
'How much trouble could they get into?' I said. 'Ace is with them.' I said. What the entire
fuck was I thinking…
After I left the four of them, they evidently had their clash with the Baroque Works Billions,
but also seemed to keep running into and beating up Marines as well. That wasn't the bit that
was the issue, because that was to be expected. The real problem here wasVivi jabbed a finger off the side of the Merry, at the raging inferno in the heart of Nanohana.
"WHY THE HELL IS THE CITY ON FIRE?!" she demanded from the four fools.
-yeah, that.
Luffy, Cross, and Soundbite pointed at Ace, the snail using his eyestalk. "He did it." they
chorused remorselessly.
"Guilty as charged, my temper kinda got the better of me. Sorry?" Ace chuckled sheepishly.
That apology was not sufficient, as evident by Vivi's face transitioning from scarlet to purple.
"If it's any consolation…" Cross spoke up tentatively. "There is a bright side. Besides the
flames, I mean."
"What. Bright side?" Vivi ground out.
"Weeell… now when Mister Two and the Mister One Team burn the city to the ground,
they'll cause a lot less damage?" Cross, you dumb fuck… "Because, you know, the fire
already did most of the-!"
*THWACK*
"-GAH!" Cross cried out, head snapping back from Vivi's blow to the nose. "Son ob a-! You
know, fir a bacivist, you've god a mean punch!" He pinched his bleeding nose shut. "Also, for
fug's sake, why is everyone going bor my head today?!"
"Is there anything else you'd care to mention about Baroque Works' plans?" Vivi hissed
irately.
"Have we mentioned the bomb capable of erasing Alubarna from the map, stuffed into the
old HQ of the Sand-Sand Clan?" I offered innocently. Cross' flinch told me no, we hadn't.
Vivi's eye twitched furiously, then she just let out a tired sigh, pinching the bridge of her
nose. "Remind me again why we don't learn these pertinent things until we ask?"

"Begause- Ergh, one second…" Cross pinched a nostril shut, and blew a wad of bloody
mucus out the other. "Better. Anyways, it's because firstly: Luffy would get pissed if we
blabbed too much, and secondly: things worked out fine when they happened without our
involvement. If we can make things better, great, but as for the rest, my personal opinion is
thus: Laissez les bon tems rouler."
"'Let the good times roll'?" I translated, eyebrow cocked. "I'm fairly certain The Cars, Vivi,
and many others, don't consider rebellions to be 'good times'."
"Correct." Vivi groaned, massaging her temples.
"By the way, we know roughly what Evan has changed so far, but what about you, Cross?"
Sanji queried.
"Mmm, let's see…" Cross began. "I got Bartolomeo to go out to sea at least two years
early… I've been talking shit with Smoker, so that's gotta be doing something... I kept Luffy
from snapping off Merry's main mast… I kicked Whisky Peak off early… the Little Garden
Affair was, well, the Little Garden Affair… aaand I took Nami's place at Death's Doorstep."
He glanced at Soundbite. "Am I forgetting anything?"
The snail rolled his eyes with a sigh. "Besides the obvious? No, you got it all."
Ace whistled in awe. "Okay, I'll be the first to admit: that's impressive. I'd think you were
me!"
"Thank you!"
"So, moving on?" Cross asked innocently.
"Just…" Vivi held up her hand with a sigh. "Are you not mentioning anything else, Cross?"
"Why? It's not like my actions will slowly and irreversibly change everything I know." he
snarked. Almost instantly, he froze and facepalmed, realizing what he just said. "Okay, in my
defense, I've taken a lot of blows to the head today." He held his position for a moment,
thinking things over, then looked Vivi dead in the eye. "No, I am not neglecting to mention
anything else. Now, can I go and clean the blood off my… everything? Seriously, I've got at
least a liter on me that isn't mine, and a pint that is."
Vivi sighed in relief, and nodded. The second Cross was behind her back, he shot a look at
Nami, Zoro and I. We definitely needed to chat later, especially given that Cross had lied
through his teeth. The only reason I didn't speak up was because Cross had convinced me to
stay the course, to avoid sending this whole situation to the FUBAR dimension.
After Cross had vanished into the guy's quarters, I got a message from him via Soundbite.
"Gonna have a chat with Ace as soon as he can get here, if you wanna join."
Five minutes later, I quietly slipped away and joined him in the guys quarters. Another five
minutes passed, and a stream of fire slid through the Going Merry's planks and into the room,

swiftly solidifying into the New World Pirate's corporeal form.
Cross whistled in awe, looking at the planks. "Goddamn, and not so much as a scorch mark.
It's official: the overconfident idiots might die young, but true-blue New World-grade Logia
are terrifying."
"Thanks for the compliment." Ace nodded gratefully. "Now then, you wanted to talk?"
Cross winced, scratching the back of his head uncomfortably. "Yeah… listen, Ace… fair
warning: you're gonna want to turn us into a pair of briquettes just as much as before, and
with as much reason. But this time… I am begging you to hear us out."
Ace stared silently for a second, then tilted his hat down solemnly. "That bad?"
"Probably even worse, dude." I added. "Way worse."
The flame man was silent for a moment, then nodded. "I'm a mature adult," 'Since
fucking when?' "I can take it. Hit me."
"Right, right…" Cross sighed. "Okay, I'll make this short and sweet: you need to
either seriously rethink your strategy for dealing with Blackbeard, or abandon this crusade
flat-out. Because if you don't, then I guarantee that you, Whitebeard, and the Whitebeard
Pirates as a crew will die."
Ace visibly flinched, the room's temperature ratcheting up as he visibly fought against his
entire being to keep from bringing harm to Cross. He took a moment to fume silently, then
glared darkly. "Talk fast."
Cross sighed in relief as I continued next. "Marshall D. Teach may come off as a fat bastard,
and don't get me wrong, he is. But he's a fat bastard who is severely above your weight class.
He's a genius tactician, able to make use of… damn, what was it again?"
"Grand strategy and… probably game theory?" Cross offered.
I snapped my fingers. "That. The point is, his mind is equal in viciousness to his powers, and
the Dark-Dark Fruit is fucking terrifying. You try and take him head-on, that fucker will hand
you your own ass, guaranteed."
Ace opened his mouth to say something, but Cross swiftly held up a hand, pointing at his left
eye. "He scarred Shanks." he stated firmly. "Before he got his Devil Fruit. Before Shanks lost
his freaking arm. Whether it was before or after Shanks became an Emperor, I don't know,
and in the end, it doesn't even matter. To this day, Shanks is wary of him. He's even gonna go
to Whitebeard, with a gift, just to get him to order you back. Whitebeard will refuse… and
that will be a fatal mistake."
Ace swallowed heavily, mulling over what had been said so far. "How… how will killing me
do anything for him except bring my crew down on his head?"

"Because you assume he plans to kill you." I spoke solemnly. "He won't. He plans to hand
you over to the Navy, and be made the next Warlord. He gets the Warlord title, he gets access
to Impel Down, which will give him access to a smorgasbord of the worst of the worst of
the worst this world has to offer. He'll have the perfect members of his crew… ripe for the
picking."
"Do you see what we're saying here?" Cross questioned darkly. "The Navy will try to execute
you. They will effectively declare war on Whitebeard, and he will respond with gusto. That
battle will rock the world to its core, to its very foundation. It will be known as the War of the
Best, and it will change the very face of this planet. All because Blackbeard wants a
recruitment drive. Do you really think that you can deal with someone like that all alone, and
come out on top? That anybody can?!"
To my great relief, Ace's expression held an appropriate amount of fear. Sadly, even Cross
could notice there was still a hint of dumbass pride and duty in his eyes.
"Son of a-!" Cross cursed furiously. "Goddamnit man, you died in Luffy's fucking arms!"
That jolted Ace awake. "No no no, you can't let him get that close to that kind of shitshow,
you need to stop him-!"
"Excuse you?!" I exclaimed. "Stop him? Stop him?! Fuck's sake, every level of Impel Down
couldn't stop him! The full force of the guddamn Navy couldn't stop him! Nothing stopped
him from getting to you, and rescuing you! He fought tooth and nail, to and beyond his
limits, until you were as good as gone! In what reality are we supposed to stop him, huh?!"
Ace made to respond, then hesitated. "Wait… so we were basically home free? Then how-?"
"You were killed by the exact same thing that's driving you headfirst to death now!" Cross
snarled, jabbing him in the chest. "Lethal amounts of fucking bullshit pride! You couldn't
stand listening to Akainu badmouth Whitebeard, you couldn't suck it up for ten fucking
seconds, and you died because of it!"
The 2nd Division Commander's face screwed up in anger. "Hey, Whitebeard-!"
"Yes, Edward Newgate is practically a living saint, I know that, you know that, most of the
friggin New World knows that!" Cross spat. "And the words of an arrogant, vile, blowhard of
a volcano will never, ever do anything to change that! And because you couldn't accept that,
because you had so little faith in your captain, your father…" Cross snarled directly in Ace's
face. "You died. In Luffy's. Arms. He blacked out and went on a grief-stricken rampage for
almost a day! Sabo read about it in a newspaper, remembered everything, and went into a
coma for three!"
Ace opened his mouth*FWOOSH*
-and Cross reduced it to a cloud of flames as he whiffed his hand through it, shutting him up.

"Luffy blamed himself." he hissed irately. "He fucking blamed himself.
He questioned himself, saying he was weak. He questioned… how someone as weak as
him… could ever be King of the Pirates."
Even I was affected by what Cross was saying, and it was clearly hitting Ace harder. The
myriad of emotions he felt hadn't quashed his vengeance, not entirely, but it did seem to plant
a seed of doubt he couldn't ignore.
The man was silent for quite some time, before he looked up again. "I can't let Blackbeard go
free." Ace stated, in resignation rather than conviction.
"Yeah, we get that." I sighed, happy that we were getting somewhere with this man. "We
wanna see him dead just as badly. All we ask is that you don't go in half-cocked…
and definitely not alone, either. Call in more of your crewmates, find the Revolutionaries and
ask Sabo and Dragon for help, talk to Jinbei in Fishman Island. Hell, call Garp if that's what
it takes! I'm sure he'd help regardless of your lifepaths! If you fight alone, you're finished.
Take some allies with you, well… there's no guarantee of victory, certainly, but you'll
at least stand a chance against him. Got it?"
Ace thought it over, and nodded slowly. "Whitey Bay and Squard are both maneuvering on
this side of the Red Line, raiding ships heading to Mariejois." He grimaced uncomfortably.
"It'll take a while for them to backtrack this far into Paradise, and Blackbeard's trail could go
cold…"
"Believe me, the trail Teach leaves behind is a mile wide and scorched to hell and back."
Cross sneered. "You won't miss it any time soon. If you really wanna be sure, we can give
you the island he'll probably be on by the time you get everyone together."
Ace's eyebrows shot up in shock. "That… would definitely help, yeah."
Cross nodded in agreement, then tilted his head in thought. "It's, ah… ah, geeze, it was a
minor location, not that important, um…"
"Wasn't it... Banaro Island?" I offered.
Cross snapped his fingers in triumph. "That's the one! He'll be there when… well, no
unnecessary spoilers, Captain's orders, but suffice to say that when Luffy's bounty skyrockets
- for a second time - Blackbeard will be on Banaro Island. That's where you can find him,
and the other bastards following him."
Ace's grin became truly vicious.
"Hey, hey!" Cross jabbed a finger up firmly. "No going after him until after Whitey and
Squard are with you, Ace. We just told you, go it alone, and I guarantee that you're done for.
Understand? Swear to me on your pride as a Whitebeard Pirate that you won't go it alone,
Ace."

"Hey, I-!"
"Swear it!!" we both demanded simultaneously.
Ace grimaced painfully, but gave us a solemn nod. "I… I swear on my pride that I won't go
after Blackbeard alone. Happy?"
Cross nodded and smiled contentedly. "Very much so. Now, let's go rejoin the others on deck,
shall we? And take the ladder, too. I know your control is impressive, but Merry is still made
of wood."
Ace nodded in assent, and promptly scaled the ladder. As he did, I noticed Cross getting a
shit-eating grin. As I opened my mouth to question him, he snapped his fingers at Soundbite.
"Amp." The electric whine sounded as Ace pushed the hatch open. "Hey, Luffy, just an FYI; If
Ace tries to fight Blackbeard alone, then I can guarantee you that he's gonna die!" Ace shot
Cross a look of betrayal. "What? I never swore jack-shit, and if I lie to my crew, it's gonna be
for a good friggin reason. Your dumbass macho pride sure as hell doesn't count."
"Cross, you son of a-!" Before Ace could finish his sentence, Luffy grabbed him by the
shoulders and yanked him out.
Cross chuckled at the sound of Luffy wailing and raging furiously at Ace above us. "Ah,
brotherly love." he remarked. "Too bad my only sibling is a snot-nosed shit whom I far from
miss, but…" he shrugged.
"Speak for yourself." I replied. "My brother can be a bit of an ass, but I do miss him
regardless. Everyone else, too."
"Here's hoping your powers will give you an item that'll let you travel back home one of
these days, eh?" Cross jolted, as if struck by thought. "HEY, ACE!" he called up the hatch.
"IF YOU'VE GOT TIME, THINK YOU COULD LEAVE US SOME INSTRUCTIONS ON
A HAKI TRAINING REGIMEN? OH, AND I MEAN ALL THREE, LUFFY'S GOT THAT
ONE, TOO!"
All he got in response from Ace was a string of curses that could only vaguely be seen as
affirmative.
"I think that went pretty damn well, all things considered." Cross grinned at Soundbite.
"You?"
"We ain't COOKIN' WITH EVIL GAS in our own skins. I'LL TAKE IT!" the snail nodded
in agreement.
"In-deed, my friend, in-deed." Cross nodded back with a relaxed grin. "Today… is a good
day."
Oh, they said that now. But I had a feeling that Cross' little hazing was gonna blow up in his

face in no time flat.

~BtWwG~​

"YOU GRAVEL-MUNCHING, SALT-HUFFING, MARINE-LOVING RAT BASTARD!"
Cross roared furiously at Ace as he sailed onto the horizon on his skimmer.
'Oh, I fucking called that shit like Verizon.'
After we had some more time visiting with Ace, he ended up taking his leave of us,
punctuating his departure with the glorious destruction of a small fleet of Baroque Works
Billions who thought to try and capture him for his bounty, via his signature Fire Fist. That
was when Cross had taken a look at the 'Haki Training' paper Ace had spent a full five
minutes pouring over, and had been severely disappointed with the contents. For good reason.
Hell, I wasn't all that happy either.
"I don't see what you're so upset about, Cross." Zoro mused, looking over the paper. "These
instructions make sense to me."
Cross shot a seething look at Zoro and the paper in his hands. "Oh yeah, they're spot-on,
alright!" he growled, snatching up the paper. "Color of Observation," He tore the paper in
two. "Listen really hard! Color of Armament," Torn to quarters.
"Concentrate willpower really hard! Color of the fucking Conqueror?!" He jabbed the paper
at Soundbite, who used his teeth to shred the paper like so much cheese. "'HELL IF I KNOW,
I'VE ALWAY GONE WITH MY FUCKING GUT!' RAAAAARGH!"
"You do realize this is your own fault, right?" I remarked with a deadpan look. "You know
Ace can be a vindictive little shit, and yet you messed with him earlier, and you didn't expect
that it would backfire on you?"
He turned to me, with a look like he planned to argue further, but he stopped once he heard
the sound of… is that barking? Yes, barking, coming from the coastline we'd just anchored to.
Hello there, Kung-Fu Dugongs. Cross grinned viciously, and he wheeled around, tore across
the deck, and leapt overboard.
"HELLO, GUILT-FREE TARGET!" he roared.

Credit where it's due, the Commie lasted three whole minutes against the dugong, even if he
got his ass kicked. The dugong himself was even shaking his head and nursing a few bruises.
Cross peeled himself off the rocks, wincing slightly. "Not bad…" he grinned savagely. "Best
two out of three?"
The dugong blinked in surprise, before shooting back a grin of his own. "Bring it on, fu!" he
huffed in a halfway stereotypical Chinese accent.
Cross pinned Soundbite with a look. "That's racist." Soundbite clearly gave no shits, going by
how that simply made him laugh.
But before 'Cross v Dugong, Round Two' could begin, Luffy caught everyone's attention by
pummeling another dugong into the ground with a single blow.
"Holy crap, he just took down the chief, fu!" Cross' dugong breathed in awe.
"He must be an amazing warrior, fu!"
"We must learn from him, jutsu!"
A crowd of dugongs gathered around Luffy, and bowed before him. "Please teach us, master,
fu!"
"Wait, what's going on here?" Reiju asked in confusion.
"Urgh…" Vivi groaned miserably, facepalming. "It's the code of the Kung-Fu Dugongs that
the loser of a fight becomes the winner's student…"
Luckily, Jeremiah Cross was on the case. He began talking to the dugongs, and not only did
he convince them to keep the Merry under careful guard, he also got them to consider taking
up a Jolly Roger for the challenges it may bring them. Investments for future allies. This is
why I generally followed Cross' lead. He was better at the 'talk-no-jutsu' thing than me, and
he was the tactician for a reason. We quickly got to work removing our supplies from the
ship, and the dugongs got ready to tow Merry up the Sandora River.
"So!" Cross grinned, clapping his hands. "Shall we go?"
"Yeah!" Luffy began nodding, until he froze. "Ah! No, wait, I almost forgot something!" He
jumped back onto the deck, rummaging around for something, then finally jumped off again,
grinning like a loon. "Okay, now we can go!"
Everyone stared at the pipe he'd affixed to his back. "Back to the most basic of basics, huh?"
Cross asked with a smile.
Luffy chuckled. "Yup! I forgot how much fun it was to use them before, so I don't want to
forget again, you know?"

"Fair enough!"
"Well, if that's everything…" Vivi turned, and began walking into the desert. "It's best we get
started. It's a long way to Yuba."
Thus, we began our trek, marching through the heat and sands.
I noticed Cross slowing his pace enough to trail at the back of the entourage. I made sure to
join him there, and Nami and Zoro joined us soon after.
"What have you two not told Vivi?" Nami asked under her breath.
Cross shook his head solemnly. "Vivi expects to find a thriving oasis and over six-hundred
thousand rebels whom she can talk down." He sighed heavily. "What awaits us is a dried out
husk of a town, and one stubborn old man."
"And where would the rebels be now?" Zoro grunted darkly.
"Katorea." I muttered. "Small trading town… which is north of Nanohana."
"What?!" Nami hissed incredulously, grabbing my shoulder. "Why didn't you tell her?!"
"Because Crocodile's plans are like the mythical hydra." I explained. "Cut off one head, two
more shall take its place. Vivi can get Kohza to back down, easy, but that wouldn't put an end
to this. The Baroque Works plants in both armies would just turn around and fuck everything
up for us."
"Exactly." Cross agreed. "If we really, really want this whole mess to end, there's only one
viable option. The only way to completely kill a hydra: burn the stumps, stab the heart, grind
the core to dust."
"Or, in other words," Nami said slowly, looking like she'd eaten a lemon. "Luffy's plan is the
right one."
"Kick Crocodile's ass and dismantle his organization." Zoro summarized flatly.
"Not even that complicated." Cross shrugged. "That asshole's arrogant as all hell. He thinks
it's impossible for him to lose, and he's structured Baroque Works in such a manner. We take
him down, everything else grinds to a halt without him. It really is that easy."
"But Vivi won't accept it because people will get hurt…" Nami stated as she stared at her
friend's back.
"Because we'll get hurt, Nami, no need to sugarcoat it." Cross corrected her. "Frankly, that's
not her call. We've come this far, and we'll go as far as we need to in order to see this done."
Zoro nodded in agreement, giving Cross a sidelong glance. "Vivi won't be happy, you know."

Cross 'tsk'ed', shaking his head. "If her anger is the price for several hundred thousand lives,
then I'm more than willing to pay it."
I winced uncomfortably. Part of me hated keeping this from Vivi, that it would be better to
just talk to her directly, convince her to go to Rainbase instead of lying like this. But Cross
has me convinced over the risk that she'll not listen…
"Fair enough." Zoro shrugged.
"I suppose…" Nami sighed. "In the end, I guess it's your mess… that said, I still
have one question."
"Hm?"
Nami gave Cross a flat look, and opened up her coat to display her… her outfit…
sweet Jesus…
*THWUMP*
I promptly found myself facedown in the sand, having tripped over myself like a damn fool. I
looked over at my fellow conspirators as I picked myself up, who all cracked up at my
pratfall, even Zoro.
"That," Nami said through her giggles. "That right there, is why I'm not that upset that you all
but ordered Sanji to specifically get these outfits."
"Wait, why would you be, when you didn't really mind in the story?" Cross wondered.
"If it was just Sanji being Sanji, I probably wouldn't care. But you involved yourself, so
you'd better explain."
"Alright then, fine." Cross assented. "If you really must know…" He drew himself up and
gave her the most solemn look he could manage. "The outfits you and Vivi are wearing-?
"And Reiju."
That drew us up short. "Even his sister?" I questioned in confusion.
"Actually, she said she noticed what he was getting, and insisted on getting one for herself, in
spite of his protests." Nami explained. "Continue?"
"Right. The outfits… they're directly intertwined with the fate of Alabasta. Should you not
wear them, then all is lost."
Nami blinked in surprise, then looked at me. "He's not wrong." I shrugged.
"Alright, if you say so…"

I gulped. "You… are keeping that, right?" I tentatively asked.
Nami gave me a half-lidded gaze. "Oh, you're damn right I'm keeping it. Ask me nicely, and I
might… wear it around the ship sometimes…"
I couldn't help the slightly perverted giggle that emitted from me.
"Jeez, take it easy, Evan." Zoro smirked. "Or you'll be seen as the horny one, instead of
swirly-brow."
"On the contrary, oh mighty mosshead." I sniped back. "The truth is that Nami is the
more… aggressive one in our relationship."
The other two's eyes widened in shock. "Seriously?" Cross asked Nami.
She grinned that 'cheshire cat' smile as she began to walk a little faster to join the midst of the
caravan. "Well, what can I say? When I see something I want… I won't stop at anything until
it's all mine." As she passed me, she reached out and sharply smacked and grabbed my ass!
"GYA!" I yelped, then gave a pointed look at my retreating girlfriend. "WOMAAAN!" She
just cackled like the witch Zoro kept referring to her as.
Zoro snorted. "Hey, you chose to date her."
I sighed, smiling at the redheaded temptress fondly. "Yeah, I did…"
Zoro huffed, then looked at Cross. "The outfit isn't important at all, is it?" he asked.
"Oh, it is, it is!" Cross hastily reassured him. "Just…" He grinned wide. "Not for the reasons
she thinks."
Zoro and Soundbite chuckled in amusement. "I don't know why I expected anything less,
Cross."
"She gon' keel YOU, boi!"
"Gaaaah, it's hooooot!" Luffy whined piteously. "How much longer is it gonna be until we get
there?"
"I'm afraid it's going to be a while, Luffy." Vivi stated with a sigh. "All we can do is keep
going forwards."
And go forwards we did, into the wide-open, simmering sands…

~BtWwG~​

FUCK this unending, blast oven-ing, bastitch of a desert 'till it's backwards. I think I finally
understand Anakin Skywalker, if only a little bit. Sand really is coarse, rough, irritating, and
gets everywhere. Sweet shit, Vivi must love her kingdom to little pieces, cause that's the only
way someone could live in this dustbowl and still want to save it. Well, more power to her, I
guess… I'm at least happy that No Face May King's magic is also able to regulate the
wearer's temperature to something comfortable (though the desert heat fought back hard),
otherwise, it might be near-unbearable.
"I hope we reach those crags soon, or else I'm going to use someone's skin to make a
friggin' tent…" Cross growled to himself, clearly in agreement with me.
"I'LL HELP!" Soundbite hollered, slightly muffled by the water barrel. He'd needed to stash
the snail in there with a layer of cloth minutes after we'd started our trip, due to him looping
'Disco Inferno' to annoy us into doing something.
"Don't worry, Cross, you'll be fine." Vivi patted his shoulder reassuringly. "I know the desert
might seem daunting, but there's really nothing to fear."
Cross stiffened, eye twitching, before he turned a sickly grin at the princess.
"Nothing… to fear… in the desert," he repeated slowly. "Is that right? Is that what you just
said?"
Ohhh no, Cross is agitated… and I can guess what about.
Vivi blinked in confusion. "Um… yes, that's right, why?"
He immediately came to a halt as he grabbed the collar of her cloak.
"Nothing, nothing at all, absolutely nothing to fear whatsoev- LUFFY, DON'T EAT THAT!"
Cross barked viciously at the Captain.
"I wavn't doin' nuffin'!" Luffy mumbled out around his stuffed cheeks, until Sanji kicked his
stomach, forcing him to spit our supplies back out. "JERKS!"
"So again, to reiterate," Cross glared at Vivi. "Nothing, is that right?"
"Ah…" Vivi leaned away from him, confused and nervous. "Yes, nothing! Why? What's this

about?!"
Oh, you dear, sweet, forgetful young woman…
Cross' sickly grin returned with a vengeance. "Ooooh, nothing, nothing…" he crooned
sweetly. "I'm just thinking that the story I read must've been in a different desert. After all,
such a safe desert like this one wouldn't have such dangers as hallucinogenic cacti that could
throw Luffy into a rampage, hmmm?"
Vivi blinked in confusion for a moment, before stiffening slightly with a stricken expression.
"Ah…"
"Nor would this fine, fine ecosystem house such deadly, deadly creatures as the spider called
the Desert Strawberry, hmmmmm?"
Vivi began sweating for reasons very unrelated to the heat. "I, um, ah…"
"And of course, those vicious, vicious Bandit Birds that con people- ah, no, not people." He
jabbed a finger at Luffy. "Suckers, birds that con suckers, out of their supplies and leave them
to die of starvation, must be from the other Alabastan Kingdom, HMMM?"
Vivi began to go a little blue in the face. "I-I-I, ah, t-that is to say-!"
"And of course, the TEN-TON, MAN-EATING LIZARD MONSTERS THAT BURY
THEMSELVES IN THE FUCKING SAND MUST BE AS CUDDLY AS FUCKING
PUPPIES, HMMMMM?!"
"GROOOOOARGH!"
As if summoned, a nearby dune erupted, bringing one of the aforementioned super-lizards
into view, snarling.
"SCREW OFF, SCALE-ASS, NOBODY ASKED YOU!" Cross snarled back, jabbing his
finger at the reptile.
The Sandora Dragon, apparently one of the semi-intelligent beasts, paused and blinked in
shock. It glanced around in confusion, then slowly pointed at itself. "GRO?"
"YES, YOU!" Cross shouted furiously. "I DON'T HAVE ANY TIME FOR YOUR ASS
RIGHT NOW! I'M TOO BUST CHEWING OUT THIS KIND BUT DITZY PRINCESS
FOR ALMOST GETTING US ALL- fuck it, I'm sick of this conversation. Alright, guys, sic
'im."
"GRORGH?!"
"GUM-GUM BAZOOKA!" / "THREE-SWORD STYLE: DRAGON TWISTER!" /
"EPAULE SPRAWL!"

All three of the usual suspects began an assault on the poor, doomed beast. I had considered
joining in, but decided not to, as it seemed like overkill.
Vivi turned a bemused look on Cross. "Ditzy?" she asked.
"You forgot that you had baby Godzillas in your backyard, woman!" he retorted.
"Firstly, I don't even know what a 'Godzilla' is-"
"Titanic reptilian beast from movies back home, known for causing massive destruction, and
fighting other giant monsters." I piped up helpfully.
"Thank you; secondly, in my defense, thanks to the Supersonic Duck Squadron, it usually
doesn't take long for the royal family to travel through the desert. So at most, I've heard about
all of those things from Pell and Chaka."
Cross opened his mouth to respond… then slowly shit it again. "That… is quite possibly a
fair point."
"BULL-SHIT IT IS!" Soundbite roared.
Eventually, the monster was dealt with, and we continued on our way. The heat made time
pass really weirdly. What must've been half an hour, give or take, felt like it took forever.
Cross shaded his eyes, squinting at a shadow on the horizon. "Are those the crags, or is that
just another wishful mirage of Walmart?"
"This isn't Looney Tunes: Back in Action, JC, so no product placement out here." I snarked.
"Superior mirages don't happen in deserts, not during the day." Nami muttered. Cross gave
her a questioning look, so she sighed and slipped into lecture mode. "Okay, there are two
kinds of mirages, superior and inferior. Only superior mirages will produce the image of an
actual object, but they require a layer of cold air beneath a layer of warm air. So a desert, with
its hot ground, will not produce a superior mirage. Besides, even if it were one, the object
would still be real, just hidden under the horizon. So, to wit: yes, those are most likely crags.
Water, please?"
I sighed contentedly. I loved it when she got all brainy, speaking about the things she was
best at. It felt nice, listening to her like that.
"Thanks for the educational experience, Bill Nye." Cross chuckled, handing the water barrel
over.
Nami cocked an eyebrow as she took a mouthful. "Who, now?"
"Bill Nye, the Science Guy." I explained. "He did educational entertainment shows back
home, teaching the youth all about science while making it fun. You'd like him, I think."
"Uh, wait, I'm confused…" Luffy spoke up from the back of the group, where he was hauling

most of our supplies. "So are those real rocks, or just a mystery mirage?"
"Usopp?"
The sniper drew down one of his goggles' lenses, adjusting it a bit, before grinning in relief.
"Looks like real rocks, guys!"
"REALLY? WOOHOO! BREAKTIME!" Luffy roared eagerly, as he made to dash ahead.
"HOLD IT!" Cross bellowed. Everyone instantly froze at his word. He hastily darted over to
Luffy's sled and sat on top of the supplies, giving Luffy a pat on the shoulder. "Okay, now
go!"
"MUSH, RUBBER-BRAIN!" Soundbite concurred.
"YOU GOT IT!" Luffy bellowed, resuming his reckless dash.
"WAIT A SECOND!" Most of the crew screamed after them. Pointlessly, as Luffy was long
gone.
"That… loudmouthed… idiot…" Nami seethed.
"Relax, sweetheart." I soothed. "Cross is just heading Luffy off, making sure he doesn't lose
our supplies."
"Hrrmmrmm…" Nami grumbled.
In no time flat, Luffy rushed back to us alone, and sans supplies. "Sanji!" he burst out
eagerly. "There's a bunch of birds all scattered about the rocks! I wanna cook 'em up! C'mon,
c'mon!" He turned 'round and began running back.
Reiju cast a look at me with a raised eyebrow. "Bandit Birds?"
I nodded. "Bandit Birds."
The lot of us rushed in as Luffy led the way to the crags. When we finally got there, we just
barely caught sight of the foul fowls shooting to their talons with panicked squawks, and
hightailing it away from us.
"YEAH, you'd better run!" Soundbite hollered after them.
"Mister Jeremiah, are you alright?" Vivi gasped as we reached him.
"Heh, don't worry, I'm fine!" he waved happily. "Those herons were total wimps, they didn't
even try to fight!"
"Thank god…" Vivi sighed gratefully. "They must have been too used to running their scams
to pull anything else."

"Wait, those were the Bandit Birds you mentioned?!" Luffy demanded incredulously, before
growling viciously. "Which way did they go?!"
"Luffy-" Nami started to sigh wearily.
"They went thataway!" Cross grinned, pointing out into the desert.
"RAAAAAAAAGH!" Luffy roared, sprinting off in the direction he'd indicated.
"WHAT THE HELL, JACKASS?!" Nami and Sanji snarled, simultaneously smacking Cross
in the back of the head.
"OW! First off, watch it!" Cross winced, rubbing the back of his head. "Second off, just wait
a bit, alright? Luffy'll be back soon enough, and he'll be bringing company too!"
"Oh really? What kind of company?" Zoro asked, cocking an eyebrow curiously.
"Hey, here he comes now!" Chopper called out, pointing at the dunes. He then squinted
curiously. "And… something's chasing him?"
"GROOOOORGH!" roared the second Sandora Dragon.
"ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!" Nami and Usopp chorused incredulously.
"He's also bringing a hyper-chivalrous camel with him!" Cross announced, before grinning
impishly as he poked Vivi's shoulder. "And as for you, you forgot th-"
"I forgot they hunt in pairs…" Vivi groaned in exasperation, kneading the bridge of her nose.
As Sanji and Zoro began fighting over who gets to kill the beast, Luffy managed to take care
of it himself, then cracked their skulls together just to make them stop so Sanji could cook the
damn thing. As we waited for our dinner, I obtained a familiar notification.

ping!

You have earned an item roll!
​

1.

Plasmids (Bioshock)​

2. Golden Spider of Kwaku Anansi (DC)​
3. Chalice of Life (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
4. Atlan (Doom)​
5. Meta Nanites: Blue - Elemental Control (Generator Rex)​
6. Bezel's Charm of Telekinesis (Ben 10)​
7. Globe of Transportation (DC)​
8. Trident of Neptune (DC)​
9. Madara's Gunbai (Naruto)​
10. The Dark Lord's Power Armor (Doom)​
11. Darkstar Armor (DC)​
12. Arcturian Merchant Ship (Disney's Treasure Planet)​
13. Frieza Force Battle Armor (Dragon Ball)​
14. Silver Slippers (Wizard of Oz)​
15. Doujutsu; Rinnegan (Naruto)​
16. Spellbreaker (Elder Scrolls)​
17. Zanpakuto; Hyorinmaru (Bleach)​
18. Nemean Cestus (God of War)​
19. Null Void Projector (Ben 10)​
20.
Moonblade (DC)​

A rather nice-looking list, all told. Some of the options were giving me ideas already.
I especially was hoping for something super-special-awesome like that Rinnegan! I rolled my
D20 on a flat rock, and watched it come to a rest on 18.

Nemean Cestus (God of War)
A pair of large metal gauntlets, each forged in the shape of a snarling lion's head. They
were apparently given to Heracles after he slew the Nemean Lion as one of his
legendary Twelve Labours. He used them during his fight with the Ghost of Sparta,
Kratos, who would forcibly take them from him, and use them to batter his half-brother
to death. The Nemean Cestus holds the ability to greatly increase the strength of its
wielder when worn, and unleash powerful shockwaves.​

Oooh, another GoW weapon. Usopp hadn't needed to use his bow overmuch since I gave it to
him, but it's still of great use to the sniper. I was more inclined to Zanjutsu interspersed with
Kido and Hakuda, so they weren't gonna be of much use to me…
But Luffy might find them useful… his fighting style is 'punch it until I win', and if that

doesn't work, 'punch it harder'. I accepted, and the D20 turned into the large duo of punch
gloves. They seemed a bit unwieldy to carry around, especially out here, so I called open the
Fortress Portal, tossed them in, and closed it again. I'll pick them up when I go in next.
Soon enough, Sanji served us a delicious dinner of rock-griddled giant reptile meat. Oddly
enough, Sandora Dragon tastes almost exactly like chicken. During dinner, I got a real kick
out of the fact that Soundbite chose to give Eyelashes the voice of frickin' Achmed the Dead
Terrorist. If that snail gives something the voice of José Jalapeño (on a STEEEK), I
am going to take the mickey.
It took another several incredibly grueling hours of marching, but the sun had set on the
desert at last, leaving the moon to rise and illuminate the sands. Sadly, while the cold of the
night was a welcome relief from the heat, all it did was swap one temperature extreme for the
other. In time, I felt the ground shaking slightly, and then the words I've been dreading since
our long walk had begun rang out.
"SANDSTORM!" Vivi cried out in distress. "YUBA'S BEING HIT BY A SANDSTORM!"

Chapter 24: Blaze Your Way Down The Rebel Path
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It took the better part of half an hour to jog our way to Yuba, and thankfully the sandstorm
died down by then. The sight of the city was… heartbreaking, really. It was clear to see that
this place had been a great city, once. Now it was dry, barren. Palm trees snapped in the
strong winds, the small river that had run through it now flooded with dry sand, many
buildings sand-blasted and in complete disrepair.
"This is… it's terrible…" Reiju wavered. "It's almost as bad as that Erumalu village we
passed."
"Is this oasis dead too, Vivi?" Sanji worried, looking around at several buildings half-buried
in sand.
"The sand has raised the ground level…" Vivi replied sorrowfully. "The desert is reclaiming
Yuba."
That fucking sand croc has a lot to answer for… this isn't even close to necessary for his
plans, it's just the shitfuck getting his sick kicks!
"Hey, who's that?" Luffy asked, pointing to a man with a shovel digging in the sand in the
riverbed we walked beside.
"Travelers?" the old man spoke as he continued digging. "You must be exhausted from your
journey. I'm sorry, but I'm afraid Yuba is all dried up." He halted his efforts, and turned to
face us. "Do feel free to stop here and rest, though. The city's inns are still intact, and we're
still known for our hospitality. I am Toto, if there are to be any introductions."
"Old Toto?!" Vivi exclaimed in shock. "Is that really you?!"
"Oh? Do you know me, young… lady…?" Toto trailed off, squinted at the princess, then his
eyes widened to saucers. "Princess Vivi… it really is you, isn't it…?" He moved forward,
tearfully grasping her hands in his. "Thank goodness you're alive… I'm not surprised you
didn't recognize me at first. I've lost some weight, as you can see. Whatever it's worth, dear
girl, I still have faith in you, and the king. He's a good man, a true king who would never
betray his country."
Vivi's eyes watered a bit, and she tried to blink away the tears. "Thank you so much, Toto.
But we're here for something important. Where are the rebels? We heard they were here."
"What business do you have with them?" Toto inquired. "I suppose it doesn't matter, in the
end. Those fools have left Yuba. They've set themselves up in Katorea, now."

Cross and I simultaneously winced in guilt as those words were spoken. He turned away, and
I just looked down, even as the group turned questioning, curious gazes on us.
"Cross. Evan."
Vivi's incensed tone nearly made me wince again. I looked up, and saw just how furious she
was. It was… her royal presence nearly made me feel as bad as the guilt of lying to her.
"Vivi, wait." Cross spoke up. "This was my idea. Don't blame Evan for this."
"Wha-?! Cross-!" I tried to argue.
"Don't!" he stated firmly. "You wanted to speak to Vivi about it first, and I talked you out of
it. This is on me…"
I was stunned, and a little grateful to Cross, for his decision to take all the blame onto
himself. I wanted to argue further, but I could see my fellow earthling was determined and
wouldn't be swayed. He turned to the irate princess. "Viv-"
*SMACK*
"I don't want to hear it." Vivi hissed softly, as Cross reeled. "Now you listen to me: we are
going to stay here tonight, we are going to go to Katorea tomorrow, we are going to stop this
rebellion, and then I never want to see you again. Do I make myself clear?"
Cross nodded solemnly. "Yes, Vi-"
"That's Princess Nefertari Vivi of Alabasta to you, Mister Jeremiah." she spat viciously,
before wheeling around and marching towards the buildings.
Silence reigned as we all watched Vivi leave, Cross with a look of shame on his face. Finally,
he looked at Toto. "Do you have any other shovels?" he asked quietly.
The old man jumped in shock. "Ah, y-yes, over there…" he said, pointing at a nearby shed.
"But why-?"
"Everyone, go and get some sleep." Cross interrupted, walking towards the shed. "I… don't
feel like sleeping right now. I'll just… work until I get tired."
"Cross…" Nami started softly.
"Just… get some sleep." he sighed heavily, handing off the water barrel to her, Soundbite
included. "Tomorrow's gonna be a long day."
Nami just stared in silence for a moment, then nodded solemnly and followed Vivi. Zoro and
Luffy both stopped Cross and had an exchange without words but let him continue
regardless.

I decided to grab a shovel myself and join both Toto and Cross. I had my own guilt to work
off. I kept at it for an hour or two, then decided to call it quits when it began feeling pointless.
I quietly entered the inn the crew had shacked up in, and noticed Nami had taken one of the
only double beds, leaving a space for me. I carefully crawled into bed without waking her,
and let myself begin to drift off to sleep. As I did, I thought only of how I could make things
up to Vivi, even if she blames Cross over me.

~BtWwG~​

The next morning, we all gathered in the town square, preparing to say our goodbyes to Toto.
The old man was rather chipper as he saw us off; his satisfaction was palpable as he handed
off the small barrel of water to Luffy that contained what he'd managed to extract from the
sand.
"I'm sorry there isn't any more of it, but it's still genuine Yuba water either way." he said,
outright beaming. "I assure you that it will do you much good."
"Don't worry, old man! I'll keep a close hold of it and drink it really slowly, I promise!" Luffy
assured him, eagerly taking the barrel.
"Make sure you're really careful with that water, Luffy." Cross promptly warned him. "That
water's more important than any of us can imagine."
Luffy blinked in surprise, then nodded firmly. "You got it."
Cross glanced over his shoulder at Vivi, and she just looked away with a scowl. He winced
and bowed his head guiltily, until Toto put a hand on his shoulder. "The princess might be as
stubborn as she is kind, but she can't deny her own nature." he reassured. "She'll forgive you,
son. Just give it time."
Cross nodded solemnly, and held a hand out to the elder. "You're a good man, Toto. I can't
thank you enough."
Toto snorted as he shook Cross' hand strongly. "Protect Princess Vivi and save this kingdom.
That will be thanks enough."

Cross nodded confidently. "I promise."
Clearly, he and Toto spoke last night sometime after I left, as he was looking far better than
his previously morose demeanor then. That said, we returned to the desert, to brave the sands
and the heat once more. We were out of sight of Yuba, maybe a mile or two away, when
Luffy stopped dead in his tracks. With Vivi leading the party, and everyone trailing behind
her, nobody noticed right away. Cross, Zoro, Nami and I stopped with him.
"Is everything alright, Luffy?" Nami asked, eyeing our Captain warily.
Luffy… was uncharacteristically silent. He just stood there, looking like he was… thinking.
Finally, Luffy turned to shoot an unreadable look between me and Cross. "Where is he?" he
asked calmly.
"Rainbase, a city to the north of Yuba." Cross answered promptly. "He runs a local casino as
though it were his castle."
Luffy turned his expectant gaze on Nami. She pursed her lips uncomfortably for a moment,
but she ultimately subsided with a heavy sigh. "That way." she pointed dutifully.
Just like that, Luffy began marching single-mindedly in the direction indicated, with Zoro
following behind him.
Nami hesitated as she watched the pair march off, glancing at the rest of the crew. "Shouldn't
we…?"
Cross shrugged indifferently. "They'll notice sooner or later. For now, Captain's orders." And
with that, he began following the two. Nami and I both joined him just moments later. We
didn't get far, however, when the sound of someone chasing after us broke the silence of the
desert.
"Mister Jeremiah!" Vivi began, trotting Eyelashes in front of us. "What do you think
you're-?!"
"Captain's orders." Cross interrupted. "Talk to Luffy."
Vivi slid off of Eyelashes and stomped up to the rubberman. "Luffy, where are you going?!"
she demanded. "The Sandora River is this way, to the east! We need to cross it if we want to
reach Katorea!"
"Yeah, but I'm going north." Luffy blandly informed her.
"W-What?!" Vivi sputtered incredulously. "North?! Why would you want to go north?!"
Luffy shrugged. "Cause that's where Rainbase is."
It took Vivi all of ten seconds to process this, mouthing the words, before she spun around to
Cross with a searing hot glare.

Nami was quick to step in front of him. "Don't get mad at Cross, Vivi. Luffy asked him.
He had to tell him."
Vivi still glared daggers at Cross for a bit before directing her rage back at Luffy, grabbing
his sleeve to force him to stop. "Luffy, I already told you, we don't need to fight Crocodile! If
I can get to Katorea, I can talk to Kohza and-!"
"Vivi." Luffy interrupted her, tilting his head and giving her a flat look. "That's dumb."
"E-Excuse me?!" Vivi squawked incredulously.
"HOW DARE YOU, YOU SHITTY-?!" Sanji shrieked as he started marching towards Luffy,
only for Reiju to grab his shoulder, and haul him back.
"Curb your temper, little brother." she warned firmly. "I believe this needs to be said."
"What are you talking about, Luffy?!" Vivi demanded.
"Vivi, I know that I haven't been in your country long, and I don't know a lot, but I do know
this…" Luffy explained casually. "Stopping the rebels won't stop Crocodile even a bit. Going
to Katorea won't do a thing."
The crew was silent as they processed Luffy's words.
"Uhh…" Usopp uttered.
"Wow…" Chopper breathed.
"EVEN A DUMBASS can have a point!" Soundbite conceded.
"I-I…" Vivi stammered uncomfortably.
"You actually think that we can stop the rebels without anyone dying? That nobody, us or
your people, are gonna get hurt?"
Vivi twitched furiously, at total war with herself.
"We're up against one of the Seven Warlords, and half your kingdom is ready to kill itself.
You really think that everyone's gonna come out of this alive?" Luffy stared at Vivi for a
moment, before sighing and bowing his head. "That's dumb, Vivi."
"What's so wrong with wanting nobody to die, huh?!" Vivi exclaimed, voice shaking with
emotion. "What's the problem with wanting everyone to come out of this alive?!"
"It's beyond unrealistic." Cross stated, unable to stay silent any longer. "And from someone in
your position, it's downright dangerous."

Vivi spun on her heel and grabbed Cross by the collar, clearly ready to smack him anytime.
"Don't you dare say that, don't you dare! I am trying to prevent a bloodbath!
What's wrong with that?!"
"The problem is the goal, it's the method!" Cross shot back, voice rising. "You're sick of me
holding things back, you want the whole truth and nothing but the truth? Fine, here it is:
you're shaping up to be a piss-poor ruler!"
*THWACK*
"Gugh!" Cross wheezed, folding around the fist Vivi buried in his gut.
"SHUT THE HELL UP!" she shrieked viciously.
Cross let some air get back in his lungs, then glared at Vivi. "You want to know why you'll be
a shitty ruler? Because you're too focused on benevolence as the be-all, end-all of rulership!"
"GRAHH!!" Vivi tackled the young man to the sand, trying to slip her hands around his
throat.
"I-It helps, sure," Cross snarled, grabbing her wrists to keep her off. "But at the end of the
day, people don't follow benevolence, don't bow to it! They bow to authority, and as you are
you wouldn't command any! Because you know what the Crocodiles of the world see when
you aren't willing to sacrifice anybody besides yourself?" He put his face closer to hers to
look her dead in the eye. "They see opportunity. The opportunity for a whole country. And if
you think your life is anywhere near valuable enough to make them give that up, then you're
not just being unrealistic, you're being stupid! Delusional even!"
"S-SHUT UP!" Vivi snarled, struggling to wrench herself away from Cross, who flipped
them around, pinning her to the sand instead.
"Wanting to save as many lives as possible is a noble intention for most people, but
that's not one that's open to you!" Cross hissed. "You're a ruler, Vivi, nobility! Every decision
you make, every single one, will be a gamble! And every single time, you'll be gambling with
people's lives! Your job isn't to save as many lives as possible, it's to make sure that
the least amount of people die as possible, and that their deaths mean something!"
"THAT'S-!" Vivi struggled in his grip, but her motions were starting to slow down. "T-That's
not true…"
"That's bullshit, Vivi." Cross stated, taking a deep breath, "And you know that. You're a smart
girl, Vivi, you've lived with your dad long enough to learn that fact, and your time with
Baroque Works should have hammered it home. It's noble that you don't want things to be
like that, above and beyond the norm, even… but you just don't have that luxury." He let go
of Vivi's arms and stood up off of her, letting her sit back and stare up at him. "If you want to
get anywhere in life, Vivi, then you need to be willing to risk something. To risk everything.
Even…" He clenched his fists. "Even us."

A shudder ran through Vivi's body, but not from anger. "I-I…"
"Vivi…" Luffy spoke, angling his hat upward. "We're your friends."
"B-But…" Vivi hiccuped, shaking her head furiously. "I-I… I can't ask that-!"
"You don't have to ask, we're doing it anyway." Zoro snorted.
Usopp shuddered heavily for a moment, then sucked it up, and gave Vivi a thumbs-up. "The
Great Sniper Usopp fears no man! Or reptile, for that matter!"
Chopper started to glance towards everyone else, but caught himself. Instead, he crossed his
arms, looked Vivi dead in the eye and nodded firmly. "I'm in, all the way!"
Vivi's head was on a swivel as she looked between us all, trying and failing to say something.
Sanji took a drag from his cigarette, before flicking it into the sand and stomping it out with
his heel. "I would delve into the depths of hell for any woman. For you, my love, I intend
to conquer them."
Eyelashes hesitated for a moment, until Cross rammed his elbow into the base of his throat,
causing him to sputter. "Erhem, wh-what the blond cook said!"
"There's no way I'm letting my foolish little brother get himself killed here, so I'm in no
matter what." Reiju grinned, ruffling Sanji's hair again.
"You never needed to ask in the first place, Vi." I stated firmly.
"ALL FOR ONE, ONE FOR ALL!" Soundbite roared.
Vivi was actively shaking now, tears brimming in her eyes. "B-But… but…"
Nami knelt down next to the princess and clutched her shoulders. "Vivi. We know that there's
every chance of us dying. We're willing to take those chances, we choose to take them…"
She wrapped Vivi up in a fierce hug. "Because you're our friend… and because there's sure to
be an absolute shitton of money in Crocodile's casino we can loot."
I reached down and flicked her hard on the forehead. "Bad girl. No money-crazy during
touching moments."
"Why you little-!" Whatever Nami was going to say was cut off by a sob tearing its way out
of Vivi's throat, followed by the princess grabbing onto Nami for dear life, burying her tearstained face in the navigator's shoulder. Nami patted her on the back, comforting her.
"T-Thank you…" Vivi sobbed. "Thank you… all of you… thank you so much…"
"Oh my love-!" Sanji began spinning himself into Love Hurricane mode… until Zoro went
and Gibbs Slapped him. "Hey, what the hell-?!"

"Ahem." Zoro grunted, jabbing his thumb towards Cross.
Vivi sniffed heavily for a moment, before jerking in realization. "A-Ah! R-Right, right…"
She turned to Cross tearfully. "I-I… Cross… I'm so sorry. Everything I said…"
He raised his hand to cut her off. "Save it, for two reasons. First and foremost, I more than
earned that smackdown I got in Yuba, and I'm man enough to admit it. Second…" He held
out his hand and pulled her to her feet. "This isn't the time nor place for waterworks. You can
tell me how sorry you are later. For now…" Cross grinned viciously, jabbing a finger due
north. "What do you say we start the process of straight up slapping the smug off of
Crocodile?"
Vivi hiccuped for a moment longer. Then she steeled her back, wiped the tears and snot off of
her face, and gave a shaky grin. "Okay!"
"That's the spirit! Let's go kick that stupid Croc's ass!" Luffy cheered eagerly.
"Well… in a moment, perhaps." I began, getting everyone's attention. "There's something I'm
planning to do next."
"Huh? What's that?" Luffy asked curiously, head tilted.
"You guys might not be going to Katorea… but I will. Vivi, I need you to write me a letter, so
I can take it to Kohza."
"I'm sorry, what?!" Cross balked. "We just got through talking Vivi out of that plan, and you
want to go through with it anyway? We just talked about this."
"I know, but I'm not looking to outright stop the rebels, Cross." I explained. "Just to slow
them down. If I'm lucky, I can even get there to keep the Nanohana Operation from
happening. I can take my Fortress Portal to get there right away." I looked over at our
resident pinkette. "I can even take Reiju with me, to watch my back."
Reiju smiled and nodded. "I'm game."
Cross rubbed his chin in thought. "I suppose that could work. Are you sure? We both know
this could end horribly."
"Yeah… I know I don't expressly have to, but I want to do this to make up for lying to you,
Vivi. If this can avert more deaths, then I'll gladly do it."
"Thank you, Evan." Vivi smiled gratefully.
"Hold on, how will we keep in contact?" Nami wondered. "We left Pinky and the Brain back
on the Merry."
"I had a thought about that…" I reached into a pouch I had, and pulled out the old satellite

phone B.R.O.B. had used to rob me of my memories. "Soundbite, try calling 843-0263, see if
it connects."
"Hold, please…" the snail nodded, concentrating. Suddenly, the satellite phone began belting
out the familiar Kirby Paint and Tile+ (in Westgate!) ringtone. I hit the ignore button to stop
it.
"There." I nodded in accomplishment. "Now, I just have to call that number back, and we'll
be able to contact each other. Vivi, the letter?"
"Ah! R-Right!" Vivi stuttered. Some paper and a pen were dug out of Nami's things in our
supply sled, and Vivi got to work writing. Five minutes later, she was handing me the folded
and semi-sealed letter, addressed to Kohza.
"Looks like we're good to go. How about you, Reiju?"
"I'm all set if you are." she nodded.
"Alright then." Nami acknowledged. "Good luck, and behave yourselves."
Reiju giggled. "Not to worry, Nami. I promise I won't seduce your man away from you."
I scoffed. "Reiju, you're gorgeous, don't get me wrong. But you'd be hard pressed to do
something like that."
In a moment, she came right up to me, and took my chin in a light-fingered grasp. "Are you
sure…?" she uttered huskily.
A thrill traveled up my spine, and I blushed. Fuckin hell, this woman was good. "Positive." I
stated firmly.
"Hmm, pity…" Reiju smirked playfully. "Perhaps I might find success… elsewhere?" She
turned her gaze onto Nami.
The Navigator blushed furiously. "W-Wou-Would you two just get out of here already?!" she
spluttered, refusing to meet either of our eyes.
"Yes, dear." I chuckled. I opened the portal, and gestured to Reiju to follow. We walked on
through, and I let it close right after.
"I… my goodness…" Reiju uttered, gazing about at the Fortress' interior. "This is quite the
impressive base you have here, Evan."
"Thank ye kindly." I replied, tipping an invisible hat, then reaching down to grab the Nemean
Cestus so I could set them aside properly. She'd be even more impressed, I'm sure, if the
viewport weren't shut. Aghast, really. As it was, I swear I heard her mutter something like,
'That man would give anything…'. I set the weapons in a spot nearby, and went up to the
control console, re-keying it to focus on Alabasta, and zeroing on Katorea.

"...sudden thought." Reiju spoke up. "Why didn't we use this to travel to Yuba in the first
place? Or send the others to Rainbase?"
I paused in my work. Then I promptly let my head slam into the console. "Because we're a
bunch of forgetful morons, that's frickin why…" I groaned. "Ah, forget it. Even if I offered to
use it like that, Luffy would've probably insisted we travel the desert like we did, since it's
'the proper way'. Even with all the heat and junk."
"Yes, that does sound like Luffy." Reiju giggled.
I finished setting up the portal, so that it would drop us just outside of the oasis city. I
reopened the portal, and Reiju and I exited onto the desert sands just outside of Katorea. It
looked about what I imagine Yuba could've been back before Sandile decided to be pettier
than… okay, nobody is pettier than Eobard Thawne, but still really damn petty. Maaaybe
Nicholas Holt's Lex Luthor could give him a run for his money. Anyways, the scent of the
many perfumes that were made here, and sold in Nanohana, were on the wind. I could just
about make out the tops of the tents that the Rebels used.
"Hmm…" Reiju hummed, sniffing the air. "Perhaps I could get something nice while we're
here?"
"Business before pleasure, Reiju." I reminded her. "Rebels first."
"Of course."
With that, we strode our way into town, wading through the stalls and buildings until we
reached the fenced-off area where the rebels had set up their tents. We were met with four
rebel soldiers in our path.
"Halt!" one declared. "This space is for the rebel army! This is no place for you, turn back!"
"We come bearing a message for your leader." I declared. "A letter, from an old friend."
The one who spoke shot a look at his allies. "...very well." another one spoke. "Hand it over,
and we'll see that he gets it."
I shook my head. "I'm afraid not. This letter is for Kohza's eyes only." I stopped and
considered for a moment. "Were any of you part of the Sand-Sand Clan when you were
kids?"
Three of the men wore puzzled looks, but the fourth, a well-built man with close cut dark hair
and sporting a warhammer on his back, his eyes widened. "What do you know about that?"
he demanded. "What does it have to do with anything?"
"Because the letter is from your Vice Leader. And it's urgent."
That turned the man's eyes as wide as saucers. "That's from V-?!" he caught himself before he

could shout it out. "...alright then. I'll show you to him."
His fellows looked at him in shock. "Wai- are you sure?" one asked.
"Yeah, trust me. Kohza's gonna want to see what they've got." He gestured to us. "You two,
follow me."
The man led us deeper into the throng of tents, several rebels giving us looks as we passed.
We eventually reached where a large group of rebels were having talks, and in the center, a
young blond man with a scar next to his left eye wearing purple shades. The Rebel Leader,
Kohza. They all looked up as we approached.
"What's going on, Natto?" Kohza questioned. "Who are these people?"
"Leader, they're messengers, carrying a letter for you." the now-named Natto spoke dutifully.
"They say it's from… our old Vice Leader."
Kohza sat straight up straight instantly, and I noticed a couple of others twitched. "Is that
right?" he intoned with suspicion.
"We need to speak to you about the contents of this letter. Urgently." Reiju spoke up.
"Wherever we do this, you can only bring your most trusted allies with you. Preferably
former Sand-Sand Clan members."
Kohza pinned us with a hard look, and held it for a long time. Eventually he sighed, and
stood up. "Natto, Kebi, Okame, Erik… fall in. The rest of you, take care of your duties."
They hesitated, but most of the rebels left to go about their business. The only ones who
stayed were Natto, a tan man with his dark hair in a ponytail covered by a goggles cap, a
young woman with a perpetual blush on her face, wearing a white cap and a sword on her
back, and a man with long, dark pink hair wearing a black top hat and badge-covered dark
coat.
Kohza gestured to Reiju and I. "Come." He turned around and he and his comrades led us
into what I assumed was the command tent, closing it behind us. Kohza took a seat, and his
friends flanked him on either side, all standing at the ready for any trouble. "Alright, talk." he
demanded harshly. "How the hell do you know Vivi? She's been missing for two years!"
"She's been undercover this whole time." I explained. "Infiltrating a criminal organization
known as Baroque Works. They're the real criminals pitting the kingdom against itself. Her
cover was recently blown, and our crew was asked to get her back home safely so we could
hopefully blow this whole operation sky-high."
"You expect me to just believe all this?"
I pulled out Vivi's letter from my cloak, holding it out to him. "I expect you to believe your
closest friend's own words."
Kohza took the letter from my hand, and opened it. He began studying it closely, his

expression changing to varying levels of shock as he went down. Finally, he set the paper
down, leaning back with a defeated look.
"Unbelieveable…" he muttered.
"Kohza, what's going on?" Erik asked in concern. "Is it really from Vivi?"
"It's from her, that's for sure." Kohza nodded. She had to have put something in the letter only
the two of them could know. "She says she discovered… the real villain behind our country's
plight. It was this crime syndicate, Baroque Works… led by Crocodile."
"What?!" the woman, Okame, exclaimed. "The Warlord?!"
"Alabasta's hero is the one leading it to ruin?" Kebi asked.
"That man is no hero." Reiju scowled. "He's just good at maintaining a public image. He
knows if he pretends to keep Alabasta's interests at heart, not even the king will suspect him.
Luckily, Vivi already sent Carue with a letter for him explaining everything."
"This is…" Erik started. "This is a lot… if this is true… the entire war is fabricated."
"I know…" Kohza spoke tiredly. He looked up at us. "I can't just call off the army. There's no
way I can just get them all to believe me, and the word is already getting around about our
plans to attack Alubarna."
"We know, and we don't expect you to." I waved him off. "It wouldn't help anyway. Both
armies have been infiltrated with Baroque Works plants, who will stop at nothing to keep the
war going. All we need to do is slow the Rebel Army down. Even by a day or so, it should
help."
Kohza nodded morosely. "Yeah… yeah, I can do that. Shouldn't be too hard."
"Actually, it'll be harder if their next plot goes unopposed. They plan to send several of their
Officer Agents to destroy Nanohana, to stoke the flames of hatred towards the king."
"But… how could they pin this on the king?" Natto asked.
"One of the Officer Agents, Mister Two, has the power of the Clone-Clone Fruit. He can turn
himself into anyone he manages to touch with his hand. He has Cobra's face, we saw it when
we ran into him on the way to Alabasta. He'll use that, and his followers disguised as Royal
Soldiers, to sell the whole thing." I smirked deviously. "Luckily, I already have a plan in mind
for him. Should throw more than enough doubt to help slow the Rebels down."
"That's good." Kohza nodded. Then he narrowed his eyes. "Wait, where is Vivi right now?"
"With the rest of our crew, on their way to Rainbase to confront Crocodile directly. With any
luck, they'll eliminate the problem before shit gets out of hand, and we can end this pointless
conflict with the minimum bloodshed. But if things don't go smoothly, you may need to go

along with your original plans after all."
"That's what I'm afraid of…" Kohza turned to his trusted allies. "It should go without saying,
but none of this leaves the room."
"Understood, Leader!" they chorused.
"What now, then?" Kohza asked us. "What's your next move?"
"From what I understand," Reiju began. "We're going to wait here in Katorea until the Two
and One Teams begin their operation, then spring our own trap to break their illusion."
"...yeah, that sounds about right." I agreed.
"Alright, good luck to you." Kohza nodded. "If you see Vivi before I do… tell her I'm glad
she's okay."
I gave the rebel leader a two-finger salute, and Reiju and I turned and left the tent.
"Sooo, now can we go see if I can find some nice perfumes?" Reiju asked cheekily.
"Yeah yeah, sure sure…" I waved. "C'mon." We trekked out of the rebel camp and back into
Katorea proper, essentially wandering.
"So, what is your plan to deal with Mister Two's deception?" Reiju wondered curiously.
I snickered in delight. "I plan to wait until he's dug himself in deep enough, then I'll use my
foolproof plan to make him touch his left hand to his face, unintentionally undoing his
disguise. That'll sow doubt instead of fear into the people, and most likely prevent the clash
of armies in Alubarna. Came up with it this morning."
"Good thinking, Evan." Reiju grinned. Then she sighed dramatically. "Ahhh, strength, looks,
smarts… why, oh why, didn't I try to snatch you up before Nami did?"
I shook my head, chuckling. "Guess you gotta be quicker on the draw, babe."
She pouted. "Now I've gotta try even harder just so I can seduce you both. Work, work,
work…"
Even as I blushed, I let out a snort. "You know, you and Sanji really are siblings. You may
not be as crazy as him, but you sure are just as incorrigible. I mean, are you actually seri-"
My instincts fired, and I spun around. Just in time to see some shady guy in rebel army
clothes crack Reiju over the head with a heavy club, sending her to the ground.
"YOU-!" I started to roar, until I felt a sharp pain stabbed into my neck. I managed to turn
and see another shady rebel grinning, with a needle in his hand, as my vision began going
dark. "You… fucking… prick…" My body finally gave up the ghost, and I collapsed to the

ground.

~BtWwG~​

My return to consciousness could've been worse. I expected a migraine, even if I would've
been used to worse due to my 'update' back before we picked up our Commies. "My sorry
dumb ass needs to stop letting my guard down so much." I groaned.
"Evan!" I heard Reiju gasp. "You're awake!" I looked up and saw the woman's face right
above me. I felt something soft beneath my head, meaning she had me in a lap pillow.
Crafty…
"How long was I out?" I asked curiously.
"Only for about an hour. I extracted it almost right after you went down."
I cocked an eyebrow. "Could'a sworn I saw them crack you over the head back there."
"Oh, they did. I pretended to go down to drop their guard, then whupped them good after they
got you."
"Lucky for us you have a tough skeleton." I grinned. I barely noticed the momentary flinch
from her as I decided to stop enjoying Reiju's pillowy thighs, and got up. The two Baroque
plants were trussed and gagged already. I limbered myself back up. "Welp, all we gotta do
now is wait for our moment, I suppose."
As if on cue, a massive ruckus began nearby, back in the Rebel Camp where we came from.
The two of us rushed back, and saw all manner of Rebels scrambling.
Reiju grabbed one as he was rushing past us. "Hey, what's going on?" she demanded.
"I-It's King Cobra! He just showed up in Nanohana! Leader Kohza just rode out with a posse
to stop whatever he's up to!"
"...boy, do I love my high luck-stat right now." I muttered as she let the rebel go about his
business. "Be right back!" I rushed to a nearby wall, projecting a portal onto it and going up

to the DOOM Fortress. She watched with wide eyes as I emerged riding upon Cavaliere,
roaring right up beside her.
"Care for a ride, little lady?" I spoke in a southern accent.
"Don't mind if I do." she giggled, swinging herself over the seat behind me, holding on tight
to me.
With that, I accelerated, tearing out of the rebel encampment and away from Katorea. On the
way to Nanohana, we caught up to Kohza's group. The officers we met, some others, and
himself. As we pulled up next to them, they gave us a shocked look.
"Try and keep up, Kohza! Bah-hahaha!" I taunted, accelerating more and peeling off to the
distant city. I just about caught an annoyed "Hey!" from the rebels as we went. A little later,
and we pulled up to the outskirts, where I parked Cavaliere out of sight. We ran the rest of the
way into town, and saw the crowd gathered around as they observed what appeared to be
King Cobra and a contingent of his Royal Guard.
"W-What… what is the meaning of this, your highness?!" someone in the crowd shouted.
"I've come to make a sincere apology!" Cobra announced. "It was indeed I, Nefertari Cobra,
King of Alabasta, who stole the rain from the people!"
"Y-Your Highness… surely you jest…" one man protested.
"I'm afraid not. I used Dance Powder to keep all the rain in Alubarna for my exclusive use.
As Quee— ahem, I mean, as King, it would be an affront to my royal dignity if I allowed
myself to go thirsty."
""That… that may be so, Your Majesty," another man replied. "But many of your own people
have died from lack of food and water as a result of your actions! Why would you do such a
thing?!"
"I am well aware. Many of the oases have dried up as well. But sacrifices are essential if we
are to protect the country."
"You're insane!" the man gasped. "You knew how desperate things were, and yet you only
helped yourself! NO DECENT RULER WOULD BE SO SELFISH IF HE KNEW HIS
PEOPLE WERE IN NEED!"
*CA-CLICK*
The man drew back in alarm as one of the Royal Guard aimed at him with a rifle.
"Evan?" Reiju prompted urgently.
I patted her shoulder. "Not yet. We need to wait for the opportune moment to present itself." I
assured her.

"How dare you, a common peasant, try to talk back to your King." Cobra scolded. "Even
though I needn't justify my actions to you, I came to Nanohana to apologize for what I've
done. What more could you want?"
One man growled in frustration. "My brother died in Yuba, because of you…!"
"I didn't come all the way to this city just to apologize, you know." Cobra confessed. "There
is another reason. As a reminder, Dance Powder is outlawed by the World Government. If
word got out that it was used in Alabasta, Navy Headquarters would surely take action
against us. This cannot be allowed. As well you should remember that large amounts of that
same substance were discovered being smuggled out of this city just two years ago. All traces
of this incident must be eliminated. Have I made myself clear?"
"Dear Gods…" a terrified man quaked. "Y-You don't mean to say…?"
"Indeed." Cobra nodded. "In order to put this sordid Dance Powder incident behind us… the
port city of Nanohana, which stands only as a reminder of corrupt injustice, must be
destroyed!"
"N-No way!" / "This can't be…!" / "YOU REALLY ARE OUT OF YOUR MIND!"
"HEY! OVER HERE, 'KING'!" a young voice exclaimed. The boy… Kappa, wasn't it? The
one who tried to join the rebels. He stood there, brandishing a small mallet. "So it
really was all your fault! My town is all dried up, thanks to you!" He charged at Cobra.
"You're rain-stealing is destroying our homes, bastard!"
*THWACK*
The King lashed out with a leg, kicking the boy right in the face and sending him rolling back
into the crowd. He gave naught but a cold look.
Kappa pushed himself up, glaring at the King. "You… I'll make you pay, I swear!"
Suddenly, a loud whinny interrupted anything further, as Kohza's black horse came to a stop
right between the crowd and the King, rearing up. The rest of his followers were stopped just
nearby. The crowd gave shocked exclamations at his appearance. I quickly put up my hood in
preparation.
Cobra and one of his Guard had a quick, hushed conversation. "Kohza. It's been a while." he
greeted.
"Just what the hell do you think you're doing… 'Your Highness'?" Kohza demanded.
"I've come to apologize. I thought I'd made that rather clear."
"How insulting. After everything you've done… to all the people who believed in you?!"

"Nevertheless," Cobra responded. "The man responsible for using Dance Powder and causing
the current drought was me."
"Do you ever shut up?!" Kohza snarled. Out of the corner of his eye, I believe he spotted
where Reiju and I were in the crowd.
"Why are you so angry? Surely you can appreciate that I—"
"AAAHHH!" I screamed in horror. "KING COBRA! THERE'S A VENOMOUS INSECT
ON YOUR LEFT CHEEK!"
"SAY WHAAAT?! OH CRAP!" Cobra exclaimed fearfully, quickly slapping his left hand to
his left cheek to swat what wasn't there. Immediately, the illusion was broken, and there stood
Mister Two Bon Clay, clad in Cobra's outfit. "Ah…!"
"Ah…" went the people of Nanohana.
As everyone stood stock-still in shock, I turned to Kohza, who was equally unmoving. "Hey,
dumbass…" I whispered. "That's your cue to take advantage."
He started in surprise, then nodded. "You…" he began. "You're a FAKE! A FRAUD!" Bon
Clay and his boys flinched at his shouting. "This… were the rumors true?! All this time… the
King was being framed all this time?! WHO DO YOU WORK FOR?! TELL ME!!" As Bon
Clay sputtered, the crowd began muttering in increasing shock and agitation.
"Nicely done." Reiju praised.
"Eh, Kohza followed me up pretty well." I admitted.
Then suddenly, and without warning, one of the 'Royal Guards' called out. "PLAN B!
CONFUSE AND RETREAT!"
Out of nowhere, from behind several buildings, a small contingent of what had to be Baroque
Works Millions or Billions emerged, brandishing weapons galore. In the panic that ensued,
Mister Two's boys led him away, all escaping. Kohza and his friends were quick on the draw,
jumping in to fight the new threat and protect the people, Reiju and I were right beside them.
"EVERYONE WATCH OUT!" someone cried out. "A HUGE SHIP IS ABOUT TO CRASH
INTO PORT!"
I turned and saw that, indeed, in the distance, a massive Galleon was rushing towards the
port. I swore I could make out a couple of figures onboard. Whether or not they were the
Mister One Team was irrelevant.
"I got this, y'all finish up here!" I shouted, turning and launching myself towards the port. As
the ship began crashing up against the land, I just about reached it. "SOKOTSU!" I cried,
slamming both fists into the bow. The front of the ship became crushed, and it flew back a
short distance, idly bobbing in the water.

I also flew backwards, not used to the recoil of the more advanced Hakuda technique. It also
broke both of my arms, leaving me screaming in pain. Luckily, after I landed inside of a
building, the Shroud fixed my body up, as usual. Once ready, I got up and returned to where I
left my allies, finding them mopping up the last of what I now understood was a distraction
force to help the real threat, the Officer Agents, get away.
"Everyone alright?" I asked as I arrived.
"All good here." Reiju replied, casually fixing her hair. "Well done on that giant ship, Evan.
Very cool."
"Yeah, but I'm not gonna make a habit of it. Sokotsu's recoil is too much for me at the
moment."
"So it was true…" Natto breathed. "An imposter."
"Gods, Kohza…" Okame stressed. "What do we do now?"
"..." the Rebel Leader turned to me. "You said my army has infiltrators from these Baroque
Works pukes?" he asked.
"Yep. And I'm positive these morons all got themselves tattoo'd with the Baroque Works
logo." I raised an eyebrow. "You thinking of a purge?"
"Yeah, something like that." He turned to his subordinates. "Kebi, Natto, Okame, you two
take the others back to the army, put together an inquisition. Tell everyone what has happened
here, then begin to check everyone for a very specific tattoo mark. If someone checks out,
they join in. Anyone tries to leave during this, that's as good as admitting guilt, and they'll
know that. Shoot 'em. Eric, you're with me. Once we finish everything up here, we're riding
with Evan and Reiju." He turned back to me. "Where should we go?"
"Alubarna." I voiced. "Either the crew succeeds in Rainbase and we meet them there for the
conclusion, or we let ourselves in on the final battle. Either or."
Kohza nodded. "Alright, let's do this."
So it was, the three Rebel officers took their unnamed fellows back to Katorea to begin
Operation Decimate. Once we had everything sorted here in Nanohana, Kohza Eric, and I
retrieved our mounts, and began the long journey to Alubarna. As we got underway, Reiju
questioned why not use the portal again. I simply pointed to our rebel compatriots as an
explanation. Whatever came next, this Rebellion was as good as over.

Chapter End Notes

A/N: Fun fact - when I originally wrote this, I did an encounter roll to see how the
ambush would play out. Originally, I got another fucking Nat 1. But my glorious Beta,
Xenvic, convinced me to take another chance on this, as one of the other two scenarios
would make for better storywriting. So, I did a new 'Miracle Roll', and the result came
out at 15 this time! Just barely enough for Scenario 3. The results you see here. Thus, I
went back and rewrote where I needed to.
So now, the dramatic Clash of Armies is no longer happening. Now it's down to the
Straw Hats finishing Baroque Works in the Capital City. Tune in next time for the
thrilling conclusion!
By the way, the Satellite Phone number hides a secret...
LLaP

Chapter 25: Rococo
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Our two-ish day journey from the port city to the capital was mostly uneventful. We had time
to chat with Kohza on the way, telling him what we could. How Crocodile was the biggest
reason for the oases going up, what with his sandstorm-making capabilities. He was also
likely using the Sand-Sand Fruit to keep the rain from falling, on top of the old Dance
Powder use. Kohza was… particularly incensed when he learned the bastard was constantly
pounding Yuba with sandstorms purely for shits and giggles.
"When I get my hands on him…" Kohza had seethed. "I swear… by all the Gods, I swear I'll
—!"
"Do nothing, because he's a Logia." I interrupted, drawing his ire. "The number of people
who can even touch the Sandile are few in this country. If you're left with no other choice,
then by all means, try. But avoid attacking him otherwise, cause he'll just mock you with
laughter and dry you into a husk."
Kohza had looked down in thunderous disappointment, though his expression soon shifted to
an incredibly regretful one. "If I can find the King… I need to apologize, profusely. Father
was right all along… and I was a fool and turned against the kingdom…!"
"Crocodile pulled the wool over everyone's eyes, Kohza." Reiju soothed. "He had years to do
it, and bastard though he may be, he did it masterfully. I'm sure King Cobra will appreciate
the gesture, but forgive you all the same." She smiled kindly. "I bet he's been ready to from
the start."
Kohza gave her a look, and the corners of his mouth turned up ever so slightly. "That would
be nice, I suppose…"
I also got a call from the rest of the crew on the Satellite phone as well. Apparently, Murphy
woke up and chose violence, fighting on the side of fate. Due to shenanigans during the Little
Garden Affair, Mister Three wasn't huskified by Crocodile, and was sent out to redeem
himself. Which he accomplished by smothering parts of Rainbase with a flood of wax. A
looot of people died. Civilians, Tashigi's Marine subordinates, etc.
Cross and the Ensign managed to get to the fucker and neutralize him, thankfully. The others,
naturally, fell into the exact same trap Croc set for them. Because god dammit Luffy. After
making sure Smoker and his cohort were effectively allies, the crew made to leave upon the
back of Scissors the Mover Crab. Sandile made an attempt on Vivi's life, and Luffy went and
stayed behind to fight the man. Now they're on the way to Alubarna, all filled in on the
enemy. Vivi and Kohza shared a few words, but promised to catch up properly later. We also
made plans for meeting up outside of the city.

On another note, I got a roll on the journey.

1. Bullhead (RWBY)​
2. Volendrung (Elder Scrolls)​
3. Star Sapphire (DC)​
4. Mugen (D.Gray-Man)​
5. Sword of Eden (Assassins Creed)​
6. Zanpakuto; Zabimaru (Bleach)​
7. Incursio (Akame ga Kiru)​
8. Red Queen (Devil May Cry)​
9. The Veil (Harry Potter)​
10. Magnhild (RWBY)​
11. The Morrigan (Assassin's Creed)​
12. Dragon Suit Armour (God of Highschool)​
13. Scouter (Dragon Ball)​
14. Batmobile (DC)​
15. Crown Clown (D.Gray-Man)​
16. Pain Breaker (Nasuverse)​
17. Potara Earrings (Dragon Ball)​
18. Battle Droid Factory (Star Wars)​
19. Portal Gun (Portal)​
20. Expand'o Duck (Percy Jackson)​

I saw plenty of real good ones on this list. Hell, it looks like I got an update to the Master
List, if I wasn't mistaken. Either way, I sent out multiple D20s and got myself results of 10,
13, 5, 17 and 18.

Magnhild (RWBY)​

A very good weapon, but I don't need it, and Usopp already has the Battle Spear.

Scouter (Dragon Ball)​

Not exactly useful when Observation Haki exists. Next.

Sword of Eden (Assassin's Creed)​

Ooh, a very nice weapon! Not better than Zangetsu, though, and nobody on the crew is likely
to wield it.

Potara Earrings (Dragon Ball)​

Hmmm… that could have some excellent uses down the line. Fusing crewmates temporarily
to face a major threat. Fascinating.

Battle Droid Factory (Star Wars)
An autonomous factory capable of producing all infantry models of the Battle Droids
used by the Confederacy of Independent Systems, so long as it has materials. Comes
with thorough blueprints for each type of Battle Droid, and a pair of droid-run mining
vessels capable of extracting resources from planet surface and/or asteroids.​

Now this was interesting! I was already running through ideas for this, mostly dependent on
future rolls turning out well, but regardless, I think this will be the best option. Investments
for the future, like the Holoprojectors, and the Arc Reactor. I selected the D20 and received a
message.

'Battle Droid Factory' has been automatically installed as a new section in your 'DOOM
Fortress'. Factory is inactive by default.​

I was hoping the system would say that. Makes it so much more convenient to have it where I
keep all my stuff.
Eventually, we reached the outskirts of the capital, remaining near a rocky outcropping out of
sight for a time. We kept watch on the correct bluff when Soundbite signaled us, and then six
of the Supersonic Duck Squadron shot out around it, bolting towards the cliffs of Alubarna.
There was briefly some cannonfire, but the ducks were far too agile. They split up, drawing
the Officer Agent teams off and leading them to the confrontation zones. Once it was clear,
we pelted toward the bluff, where Carue was emerging, Vivi and Cross and Soundbite on his
back.
"Kohza!" Vivi exclaimed, dismounting and rushing to meet her friend in the middle for a hug.
"Vivi. I'm so happy to see you're safe." Kohza sighed. The two shared a sort-of longing look,
before Kohza looked away with a cough. "The-The Rebel Army should have rooted out the
infiltrators by now. There's no chance the battle that Crocodile is hoping for will come to
pass."
"Thank Gods…" Vivi breathed, giving me a grateful look. "Evan, Reiju, thank you. You
managed a miracle."
Reiju grinned. "We're Straw Hats, Vivi. It's kinda what we do, if I'm being honest."
"You can say that again." I agreed.
"Good work, dude." Cross spoke up. "I'm sorry I ever doubted you, I shouldn't have talked
you out of this in the first place."
I waved him off. "Fuggetaboudit." I dismissed. "You were doing what you believed was best.
Now we have the best of both worlds, more or less."

"If you ladies are done YAPPING, MAYBE WE SHOULD get—" Soundbite cut himself off,
glancing around in confusion, before suddenly snapping back into his shell and letting out a
series of alarms and sirens.
"What the hell?!" Erik exclaimed in shock.
"Wha— Soundbite?!" Vivi looked back in confusion. "What are you doing, wha—?"
"DEATH FROM ABOVE!" the snail screamed at the top of his lungs. "DEATH FROM
ABO—!"
*SLASH*
"AAAAAGHH!!"
"GAGH!" Cross choked, gripping his shoulder as it freshly bled from the new tears in it,
writhing in pain. "SON OF A BITCH!"
"CROSS!" Vivi exclaimed. "What just happened?! Are you—?!" Her eyes widened in
realization. "Wait, where the hell is Soundbite?!"
"WHAT?!" Cross' eyes snapped to his injured shoulder, where his partner was indeed gone,
leaving only a parallel set of jagged slash marks. He turned to look into the sky, where we all
managed to catch sight of a familiar pair barreling towards Alubarna. "YOU FUCKING
FURRY JACKASSES!" he screamed furiously.
"The Unluckies?!" Vivi gasped in horror. "But I thought you said you saw them get eaten by
dinosaurs!"
"I saw them getting chased by dinosaurs, I thought that would be more than enough to keep
those bastards occupied!" Cross sputtered indignantly. "Clearly, I was wrong!"
"No shit, Sherwock!" Carue spoke up. "What da heww do we do now?!"
Cross sighed irritably. "Thanks to Evan and Reiju, Soundbite isn't integral to stopping the
clash of armies anymore. We should get our asses to the capital so we can keep moving to
stop the Croc, and so I can get my snail back."
"Best decision I've heard all day." Kohza agreed eagerly, crackign his neck a bit.
"Hey, guys!" a voice called out, revealing Usopp galloping towards us on a horse, waving. "I
managed to lose Mister Two! Now, let's go get Crocodile and save this kingdom!"
Cross and I blinked simultaneously. "Is he serious?" he asked, more to himself than anyone
else.
"Sadly, yes." I answered regardless, sighing.

"Wow, I can't believe Usopp actually managed to beat him!" Vivi exclaimed, grinning
euphorically.
That made us both shoot her some incredulous looks.
"Oh, Vivi…" Reiju sighed, hand to her face.
"She hasn't changed…" Kohza likewise sighed, smirking wryly.
"Right, time to bring this crazy train to a halt…" Cross muttered, before shouting towards the
approaching 'sniper'. "HEY, 'USOPP', EMPORIO IVANKOV IS AN OVERRATED HACK!"
"THAT'S A BARE-FACED LIE!" 'Usopp' shrieked, very much in a different voice, then
paused with a stricken look. "Ah— I— That is to say— oh, forget it!" Bon Clay snarled,
slapping his left hand to his face to revert to his original form. "Exposed twice in as many
days… PREPARE TO MEET YOUR MAKER YOU BLASPHEMOUS—!"
"QUA-A-A-ACK!" Carue roared, Soundbite clearly out of range, pumping his legs in order to
leap clean over the horse's head and slam his talons into Mister Two's center mass, taking the
okama off his steed and stomping him into the sand. Carue finished by leaping backward off
of Bon Clay's body, ending up back where he started.
"C-Carue…" Vivi stammered incredulously. "That-That was amazing!"
"Hell yeah!" Cross concurred. "A full degree more badass than—" Cross caught himself as he
remembered our extra company. "What I've heard of, and that was full-on military
commando badass already! Now, time to hightail it, let's move people, move!!"
With that, the lot of us mounted up, and made tracks for Alubarna. Naturally, Mister Two got
back up quickly, and began to chase us down, with his "Un, Deux, Trois! Un, Deux, Orah!"
almost the whole way. He was keeping pace too, frighteningly enough, and dodging shots
from Erik and Kohza's sidearms too. Once we got to the top, Chaka attacked in hybrid form,
followed by Vivi showing her own displeasure, ending with a kick in the nuts that sent him
bouncing down the steps. Amusingly, he made a sound like a bouncing rubber ball and an
"Ow!" each time he did.
"Huh, the cartoons actually got that right." Cross mused with a smirk. "At any rate, time to
go, I think. When Bon Clay gets up, he's gonna be pissed."
"Excuse me?!" Chaka started in shock.
"Cross, you can not be serious!" Vivi demanded. "I mean, if he were a Zoan, I'd understand,
but—!"
"In the story, he took repeated kicks to the face from Sanji, and kept on fighting." he stated
flatly. "Hell, he got Sanji on the damn ropes, even before he started using Nami's body!"

Vivi's expression turned ashen, her eyes darting toward the stairs before she looked back at
Cross with panic. "We run?"
"We run." Cross agreed. "The only question is, where to? The bomb's already taken care of,
so-!" Cross choked off as he noticed Chaka tensing up, and threw Vivi an incredulous look.
"You didn't tell them about the damn bomb?!"
"What?! No, I did, of course I did!" Vivi protested, shooting an incredulous look at the
Guardian. "Chaka?!"
"Woah-woah-woah!" Kohza interrupted urgently. "What the hell is this about a bomb?!"
I facepalmed. "Right, I never mentioned… Crocodile planted a massive bomb in the
clocktower, one that'll level most of the city. He intended for the armies and most any
enemies to get wiped out in one fell swoop."
Kohza's fists tightened in rage. "That bastard has a lot to answer for…" he turned to the
Jackal Guardian. "Why hasn't it been dealt with yet?"
"W-We tried to storm the clocktower as Vivi ordered, but somehow the pair you warned us
about already knew we were coming!" Chaka hastily explained. "By the time we arrived,
they'd somehow managed to amass a small army and entrench themselves! We've spent the
past forty-eight hours trying to dig them out, but to no avail."
"So, you're saying the multi-kiloton bomb is still in play?" Reiju queried. "Wonderful."
"Not by choice!" the Jackal shot back. "We've tried getting in every which way we can
imagine, but their position is too well-fortified!! And to make matters worse-!"
"Whenever someone shows their head in view of the tower, they get gunned down from out
of nowhere." Vivi finished, pinching the bridge of her nose. "The Mister Seven
Team, dammit…"
"Qua-lways thought they wooked stu- huh?!" Carue cut himself off mid-sentence as he
realized that he was talking, which also drew everyone else's attention.
"What the-" Chaka started, only for Cross to interrupt.
"SOUNDBITE! Can you hear me?!" he yelled at the top of his lungs.
"YES!" a medley of voices warbled out from nowhere. "The furry FUCKERS STUFFED
ME in my shell AND ARE wheeling around above the buildings! I'D GET out on my
own, BUT I'm in THE FEATHER-RAT'S claws! IF I DROP THEM-!"
"You get dropped and go splat, right…" Cross groaned acridly, massaging his temple.
"Alright… alright, you hang tight -pun not intended- and make sure that they don't realize
that you're not silenced while you're in your shell. I'll try and come and get you. Just… just
be patient, okay?"

After a moment of silence, Soundbite's voice drawled out. "I'm a SNAIL. My
max speed IS AN inch an HOUR. PATIENCE IS PRACTICALLY MY SPECIES'
FUCKING VIR-!" His rant was cut off unexpectedly.
"The pests must have flown out of range." Cross sighed. "Hopefully Soundbite will be able to
lead me to them when they circle back around, but for now, let's plan out our next moves.
First, what are you thinking right now, Vivi?"
Vivi had adopted a thoughtful look. "I was thinking that something really shocking to both
sides might stall the two armies enough for me to be able to defuse this whole mess even
without Soundbite's help." she explained. "If nothing else, I'd be able to get them further
away from the bomb. The bomb is actually what made me think of-"
"Don't bother, he's already waiting for you." Cross said, waving a hand dismissively. "For all
I know, blowing up the palace might work, but the second you set the charges, the sand
bastard will blow in. And until Pell gets here, I don't think we have any way of beating him."
"Wait, Pell?" Chaka interjected. "He's just a Zoan-type like me, if an admirably skilled one!
How can he possibly beat a Logia like Crocodile?"
"He won't," I replied with a smirk. "But his passenger sure will. Believe me, Luffy will beat
Crocodile, no matter how much work it takes. Hell, I'll help kick his ass myself if necessary.
Alabasta will not fall, not on our watch."
A glimmer appeared in Vivi's eyes for a moment, before it was replaced by the cold steel of
command. "Alright then, in that case, I have a different idea." She shot a questioning look at
Chaka. "The Baroque Works agents in the clocktower, did they leave one flank deliberately
unprotected, but covered in boobytraps?"
Chaka recoiled in shock. "How did you-?! Uh, yes, but how does that matter?"
Vivi grinned confidently. "It means that Baroque Works either hasn't had the time or the
inclination to change its playbook since I left their ranks. And that means that I know exactly
how to get you and your men past the Mister Seven Team and into the tower to stop the
bomb." Her grin faltered slightly as she looked at Cross and I. "Any reason why that wouldn't
work?"
"Wha- Princess Vivi!" Chaka exclaimed. "Such a course of action would be beyond reckless!
I cannot, in good conscience-!" The man cut himself off as Vivi pinned him with a frigid
glare, maintaining her gaze until he backed down. "A-As you say, Princess…" He mumbled
something under his breath I couldn't quite make out, though I swear I caught 'third trimester
all over again' in there.
Cross nodded. "Should work. Once those two are out of the way, Pell should be clear to carry
the bomb out of blast range. Straight up would be advisable, in case some crazy Rebel gets
the bright idea to gun down one of Alabasta's Royal Guardians."

"Wait, carry it?" Vivi frowned in confusion. "The Mister Seven Team is shooting it from the
clocktower, right? That's the only thing that makes sense to make them think they won't be
caught in the blast, plus they're the best snipers in Baroque Works. If they don't shoot the
bomb, then they'll get blown to smithereens."
"I'm fairly certain that Crocodile cares very little about any of his subordinates, no matter
how supposedly important." Reiju said coolly.
"Give the lady a prize." Cross nodded. "The Croc always has a backup plan, and this one is in
the form of a timer, hooked up to the bomb. It's set to go off at, ah…"
"4:30." I recalled, Cross snapping his fingers at me. "Even if you have any bomb technicians,
there probably isn't any way to disarm it safely. Sandile wants that thing to blow, so it's gonna
blow. Pell can at least carry it far enough to get Alubarna out of the blast radius, and
hopefully he can dive fast enough in time to escape it himself."
The princess bit her lip uncomfortably. "But if he isn't…"
"Then he'll still be fine." Cross reassured her. "After all, Zoans are stupid tough. Besides, he
did it before, and that was after he got gunned down by Miss Father's Day. Trust me,
Princess, if there's one thing you learn from watching the Straw Hat Pirates in action, it's that
you would be shocked, shocked at what a person can live through."
"Would you mind explaining how you know all of this?" Chaka asked suspiciously. He
tensed and whipped a hand to his side. "Did you eat the Glare-Glare Fruit?" he demanded
tersely.
"Wrong, General." I denied. "The Glare-Glare Fruit is still in her possession, nor can it peer
through time. Great deduction skills, though."
Chaka shot Vivi an uncertain glance.
"They told me how they know so much before we arrived in Alabasta, and I've seen them
both swim." she confirmed, making Chaka relax.
"I suppose I'll worry about it when this damnable war is over with. For now, is there anything
else to tell me?"
Cross frowned in thought. "Let's see… at a guess, you've already arrested the jackasses who
tried to use the cannons earlier, right?"
Chaka nodded, scowling darkly. "Yes, we did. I don't know what the hell they were thinking,
firing at the Supersonic Duck Squadron, but-!"
"Mind if we see one of them real quick? Cross interrupted. "There's something about them
you need to see."
A nod from Vivi got Chaka to bark (kek) orders to his men, who quickly hauled a struggling
and restrained soldier over to us. The man stiffened at the sight of us, then gave a big grin.

"G-General, sir! C-Come on, isn't this a bit much? I just had a bit of heat-stroke is all! Why
else would I fire at anyone riding the Supersoni-?"
Cross cut the man off by striding up to him, grabbing his sleeves, and yanking, tearing them
clean off. On his right bicep was the grinning skull-and-cross-blades of Baroque Works. "I
dread to ask, but what the hell made you think it would be a good idea to tattoo yourself with
that?" Cross questioned as we stared. "Isn't Baroque Works supposed to be the cloakiest of
'cloak-and-dagger' organizations?"
The prisoner hung his head with a defeated groan. "A combo of equal parts alcohol, boredom,
and the fact that nobody is supposed to know we exist in the first place." He looked up with a
hopeful grin. "I don't suppose that if I were to say 'state's evidence'-?"
"Even if there were a way to tell if you were lying through your teeth or not, that ship
has long since sailed, dumbass." Cross deadpanned.
The man's expression twisted into an ugly scowl. "Well in that case, fuck you, fuck the ship
you sailed in on, fuck them shoes, fuck this kingdom, and fuck that bitch-whore of a trai-!"
*THWACK*
Cross tapped his baton in his palm, pinning the concussed grunt with the stinkeye. "Forget
Thugs-R-Us," Cross tsked. "Crocodile scooped this bastard out of a literal roach motel…" he
turned to face us again. "Anyways, you get the idea: you see anyone with that symbol on
them, don't hesitate just take them down. Their sole purpose is to aggravate this conflict."
Chaka nodded, then stiffened as a thought struck him. "Remove your sleeves." he ordered the
other two guards. They obeyed, tearing their robes with no concern for neatness. Chaka even
decided to shrug off his green cloak and mimic them. No Baroque Works tats anywhere.
"Alright. You two split up and start inspecting the men on the walls. Clear the cannons first,
then-!"
*SLASH*
"Grghk!" one of the two men gurgled miserably, falling to his knees and slumping over,
unconscious and bleeding from the neck. Everyone stared in shock, before turning to Vivi,
rerolling her Peacock String Slasher.
"Look at his neck." she growled acridly. A slight shift of his hood revealed yet another of the
damned tattoos.
I blinked in surprise. "Well fucking spotted, you."
"This is going to be a nightmare…" Chaka scowled tiredly.
"Don't you worry, Chaka, we're gonna fight like hell to make it better." Kohza assured. Chaka
gave him a long look, then nodded.

Vivi quickly mounted Carue. "Come on, we need to inspect the troops and assemble a
reliable strike force. Cross, good luck with Soundbite. I hope you get him back, he's a good
friend in spite of his… everything."
Cross began to nod, but stopped as another thought came to him. "Oh, one last thing! You
have an elite unit, right? The… um, the claw…?"
"The Kicking Claw Force?" Chaka answered swiftly. "Don't tell me that one of them-?!"
"Oh no, not at all!" Cross hastily reassured. They're loyal to the crown, completely and
utterly. Maybe too much, really. Keep a close eye on them; if they get it into their heads that
sacrificing their lives will help save Alabasta, they won't hesitate to do it."
Chaka considered this information for a moment before nodding. Understood. Thank you
very much, Cross, both for the information, and for protecting Vivi."
He grinned back. "Not even half a problem. Now then, let's get started on saving this
kingdom from burning to the ground! Who's with me?!" He shot his fist into the air, and froze
up in pain at his injured shoulder. "...riiight after I get this open wound bound up. Medic?"
"I gotcha, JC." I spoke up, grabbing for the Phial in my cloak, and tossing it to Cross. He
opened it and drank from the potion, the wound on his shoulder sealing up.
"Thanks, man." he sighed in relief, tossing it back to me.
"Alright. Cross, you do what you need to do to get our favorite snail back. Reiju, Kohza,
Erik, you stick to Vivi like glue, help her out, watch her back. Don't want these pricks to get
lucky."
"Understood." she nodded, the former rebels mimicking her. "What about you?"
"I'm gonna head for the tower now, see if I can't thin the herd and maybe get the Mister
Seven Team's attention, be a distraction so that y'all can slip in to deal with them. They
can try to snipe me, but it won't keep me down long. If at all."
"Alright then." Cross clasped my forearm. "Good luck."
I nodded. "Buen Fortuna, amico mio."

~BtWwG~​

"These Royal Army fuckwads just will not give up." a Baroque Works soldier grumbled,
entrenched at the clocktower. "Don't they have bigger problems or something?"
"Just relax, man." his friend said, clapping him on the shoulder. "They don't have what it
takes to break through both us and the agents in the tower. We just gotta hold long enough for
the plan to succeed, and we get paid the big bucks."
"If you say so… what about those pirates we were told about? What if they show up?"
"Aw, c'mon! What are the odds that they could get this far with all the Officer Agents running
arou-"
"Hado #31: Shakkaho!"
A crimson orb came out of nowhere, slamming into a column of soldiers and exploding,
sending them flying away and into unconsciousness. The troops present all looked about for
the aggressor, then focused on the dustcloud kicked up by the sudden attack. Footsteps
sounded out, and from out of the cloud, I emerged, cloak fluttering around me, a released
Zangetsu over my shoulder.
"Alright then, fuckboys…" I intoned, grinning eagerly. "Who wants daddy's belt?"
The first BW soldier looked at his friend with a deadpan expression. "I friggin hate you,
man."
"Yeah, me too…"
There was a whistling sound, precluding something hitting me and exploding. You could just
barely make out the laughter of the two Frontier Agents in the tower over their soldiers
cheering. The cheering which died when the smoke dissipated, and revealed me to have taken
little to no damage.
"Ow." I deadpanned.
They all stood there, frightened as hell. "Oh, we're right fucked, aren't we?" one groaned.
"Rrright in the down under." I agreed, charging right in.
Now these guys were good, to be sure. Likely the last of the Billions left over from the
slugfest back in Nanohana. Better than the Bounty Hunters of Whisky Peak, and far better
than Ganzack's crew from way back. But peons will be peons. I was running through them
like butter. I think I may actually need to go and fight Crocodile to get some actual
stimulation, and risk stealing Luffy's thunder again. I'd rather not. He probably wouldn't be as
understanding this time.

My only warning for what came next was the soldiers directly in front of me scattering to the
sides. I turned, and just about threw myself to the side when I saw a barrage of sharp,
glowing red objects incoming.
*SHU-SHU-SHU-SHUNK*
The objects, which upon closer inspection I noticed were knives, buried themselves in the
ground. I just about heard a faint sizzling from them. They were superheated…
"Heh… sure is a good thing the boss sent us here." a voice rang out. I saw a man approach, in
an open vest that left his chest bare, and a pair of jean-shorts with a pair of large, bulging
pouches on each leg. He had short cropped brown hair, and a sneer on his face. "If you can
tank a shot from the sniper snobs and just brush it off, you woulda run them over real quick!
Dontcha think so, partner?"
I leaped up on a nearby rooftop, narrowly avoiding a whip-like segmented sword tearing a
trench through the ground I'd stood on. It retracted, leading back to the form of a young
woman. She had long black hair tied in a bun, a tall, curvaceous figure, accented by her dress;
deep purple and floor-length, but fronted by a translucent chemise. She wielded a pair of
swords in each hand, each one segmented and lined with a few spikes.
"Oh, aye." she tittered. "He's a slick one, for sure."
'Oh great. She's a dual-wielding Renji. Just what I needed.' Also, is that… yeah, she's got a
slight Scottish or Irish accent. I'm certain, just not about which.
"Sooo…" I drawled. "If I had to hazard a guess, I'd say you two are the number one team
amongst the Frontier Agents?"
"Got that right!" the man grinned proudly. "I'm Mister Six, and that there's my partner, Miss
Mother's Day!" The woman in question gave a quick curtsy.
"'Butcher Blade' Seidler D. Evan. Charmed, I'm sure. Don't suppose I can just talk you two
into fucking off on your own? There's a lot of shit going on right now, y'see."
"HA!" Mister Six barked out. "And what the blood-soaked hell would we do that for? Cause
you asked real nice?!"
"Because your boss is a Government-sponsored pirate, and is a lying liar who lies. That
damn bomb up there isn't gonna just blow the courtyard or palace to kingdom come, it's
gonna do the whole capital, and everyone in it. Except, of course, for the Croc. Since he's
a Logia."
Mister Six raised an eyebrow, but Miss Mother's Day actually looked aside in thought.
"...y'know, now that you mention it, he does have a point there." she admitted with a shrug.
"Yeah?! Well guess what, punk?" Six asked rhetorically, pointing at me in dramatic fashion.

"You're a pirate too! Why the fuck should we believe you?"
"Because I'm one of the pirates who's trying to save the friggin kingdom, that's why!" I
retorted harshly.
"...that's two for two on good points, Liam." Miss Mother's Day pointed out.
Mister Six, or Liam, whipped around to glare at Miss Mother's Day. "The FUCK are you
using my real name for, Niamh?! That's supposed to be secret!"
(A/N: The name "Niamh" is pronounced 'Neev')
"You just went and used mine too, you daft cunt!" Miss Mother's Day, or Niamh, huffed
angrily.
"Because turnabout is fair play, of course! Are you stupid, or something?!"
"I honestly dinnae know if you're just a regular moron, or were actually born brain-dead!"
"Huuuh?!"
As the pair continued to bicker, I saw the remainder of the Baroque troops get drawn off by
the appearance of Vivi's Royal Army contingent. I figured I'd try to slip away, so I began
tiptoeing back toward the clock tower*WHOOSH-CLANG*
Only to need to turn around and deflect one of Miss Mother's Day's blades.
"Oi… what do ya think you're doin' now?" she asked ominously.
I shrugged. "Well, you two seemed to be preoccupied, so I figured I'd mind my own business,
and go do my own thing."
Miss Mother's Day shook her head with a wry smirk. "Yeah, I dinnae think so. Good points
or no, we're gonna do our jobs and take you down. Professionalism and all. We'll deal with
any other issues afterwards." She brandished her weapons at me. "These are the Great-Grade
Twins, my Kagutsuchi! They'll have ye carved up, or always on the run!"
"Running straight into my barrage of hot steel, more like!" Mister Six cuckled darkly. "I ate
the Smelt-Smelt Fruit, and it made me into a Smelter-Man! I can consume raw ore, and make
an endless supply of weapons!" To emphasize, he grabbed a handful of dark rocks (iron ore,
probably?) from each of his pouches, and began scarfing them down. His chest began to glow
a bright orange.
"...you know, that would've weirded me out more, if I hadn't already seen Wapol eat
a literal dagger." I uttered. "Alright, let's get this over with." I knelt down, free hand flat to
the ground. "Hado #41: Dochubaku (Earth Pillar Burst)!"

At the feet of each agent, the ground erupted into a pillar of earth, which exploded as they
launched the pair upward. As they went flying, I launched myself towards Mister Six,
Zangetsu drawn back. However, the man was quick on the draw, and pulled a pair of
greatswords from his chest-furnace, which solidified, cooling from bright orange, to red. He
caught my strike with both blades, and began parrying me rather skillfully. Impressive, for
someone dual-wielding greatswords of all things.
He pushed off my sword, falling backwards onto the rooftops. Out of the corner of my eye, I
just caught a flash of purple. "Getsuga Tengo!" I cried, shield forming over the flat of the
blade, and catching the spinning Miss Mother's Day, her Kagutsuchi grinding against it like a
pair of weed-whacker wires.
"Oni Dekopin!" I pulled a pair of fingers back against my thumb, and flicked them in the
direction of Miss Mother's Day. A physical force was sent into her, causing her to fly back
into one of the taller buildings. I turned back to deal with Mister Six*SHU-SHU-SHUNK*
"AAAAAARGH! BITCH!" I received a group of blazing-hot daggers directly into my chest.
Not just the stabbing, but the superheated metal causing intense pain. I landed, and rapidly
yanked the offending weapons out of me, letting them clatter to the roof. I looked up, and
saw Miss Mother's Day incoming again, and I leapt back in a panic. Not enough, as her
downwards cross-slash caught me on my quickly healing torso, the whip-like swords carving
an X into me, and subsequently shredding my shirt.
As I tore off the remains of my top, I continued to dodge and deflect Niamh's rapid, semiwild slashes. At the same time, Liam reappeared and, wielding handfuls of molten metal,
whipped them in my direction, causing molten bullets to rain down in my direction.
'Alright, that's it! I am having just enough of these kooks!'
"The great white winter approaches from the north, covering all in a blanket of frost!" I
chanted while dodging, with and without Shunpo. "The living flee from it, lest they be
ensnared forevermore! Purge all that is warm, and let loose the wrath of winter! Hado #45:
Kokuryu Bofusetsu (Black Dragon Blizzard)!"
Black ice encased Zangetsu's blade, and with both hands I slashed it at Mister Six, casting
forth a great ethereal dragon of black ice. It roared forth, pursuing the smelter-man even
when he dodged. It slammed into him, almost totally encasing him in a black ice prison. Or it
would have, if it didn't shatter afterward.
"Fuck, that hurt!" he raged at me. "What are you, a wizard or something?!" He reached down
to his chest to make more weapons, and failed. He looked down, and saw his front was no
longer glowing. "You-You cooled my forge!" He looked up to see me mere meters in front of
him.
"Getsuga Tenshou!" I cast my signature attack, and it promptly slammed into Mister Six,

sending him careening into another building.
Miss Mother's Day came right in swinging, sending me on the defense again. She was
almost… no, she was dancing as she attacked. It was almost mesmerizing. Very impressive.
And a problem for me. Especially when I saw her ignite her weapons with blue fire, leap up,
and cast them about while sending small fireballs my way. I Shunpo'd back repeatedly, letting
the fireballs explode harmlessly.
"Bakudo #20: Mokusatsu Shibari (Smothering Wood Binding)!" I smashed my fist into
the rooftop I was on, and from out of it, multiple wooden branches grew out, shooting
towards Miss Mother's Day in an effort to bind her in place. She merely dodged, and spun
about, carving up the reaching branches with ease.
"Ha!" she barked. "It'll take more than that to-" Before she could finish, a long black chain,
glowing with power, rapidly wrapped around her, arms tightly restrained to her sides.
"WHAT?!" She followed the chain's origin, seeing it in my hand, connected to Zangetsu's
hilt.
"Gessa Tenbaku (Lunar Chain Restraining Heaven)!" I grinned proudly. "You've fought
well… but now you're finished!" I yanked hard on the chain, bringing the Frontier Agent
screaming toward me. "Ikkotsu!"
With one last blow to the woman, I simultaneously released her from the chain, and sent her
flying several streets over into some house or another. As I retracted Zangetsu's chain, I heard
a crashing noise nearby, from the building I sent Mister Six into. He busted out of the
wreckage, and leaped up to the rooftops to face me. He'd changed, his body had somewhat
hulked out, and he was covered in some kind of metallic coating.
'He must've powered up after eating all his ore…' I mused, noticing his now-empty pouches.
"I've had enough of you, bastard…" he growled, reaching into his once-again glowing chest.
He pulled out a massive hunk of shaped metal, which solidified and cooled into… something
resembling Guts' Dragon Slayer. "Say your prayers!"
"Getsuga." I intoned, grasping Zangetsu in both hands. The blade of my sword became
engulfed in the roiling energy of my signature move. Something I remembered was possible,
I could choose not to release the attack, and just power up the strikes of the sword itself.
"TIME TO DIE!!" Mister Six screamed, launching himself at me with all his might. I
matched him in turn, and as we neared one another, I pushed myself into a Shunpo.
*SH-KRANG*
The two of us stood on the opposite sides we'd started, facing away from each other. After a
few seconds, Liam's false Dragon Slayer parted cleanly in half, and a massive rent appeared
in his chest, blood bursting out in a spray. Mister Six went to his knees, then fell on his face,
unconscious.

"Game, Set, Match." I grinned victoriously, resting Zangetsu on my shoulder. "Well, that was
fun while it lasted. Now, what kind of havoc can I wreak?" I looked about, searching the
nearby city area from my vantage point. I paused in my search when I noticed a peculiar
sight. 'Well, hello there.'
I saw a familiar cowboy-hatted woman leading an older gentleman with his arms restrained
behind him through one of the streets, though they were on the path to run into Tashigi's
Marines. Nico Robin, with King Cobra as her prisoner. 'Those jerks must've kept me busy
longer than I thought.' I grinned eagerly, throwing my cloak's hood up. 'Screw it. Time to
have some fun…'

~BtWwG~​

To the West of the Alubarna Royal Palace, Nico Robin followed King Cobra along a stone
path, leading to an ancient-looking stone monument-complex.
"Ah, so this is the Royal Mausoleum." Robin remarked with interest, surveying the longstanding stone pillars and walls with a small smile. "Where generations of Alabasta's rulers
lay in their eternal rest."
"You sound like you have an interest in this…" Cobra noted, eyebrow cocked.
"Of course. I'm an archeologist, after all. I've been studying your kingdom's long and storied
history since I first came here. However, we're here for the Poneglyph."
Cobra nodded solemnly and moved off the path to a large rectangular pedestal, holding a SeaCat statue. He used his shoulder to push the pedestal, causing it to turn ninety degrees. This
caused a large rectangular section of grass to rise up, revealing a staircase underneath.
"Oh, a hidden passageway!" Robin observed.
"The Poneglyph is kept down there, deep underground." Cobra spoke.
"Well then, we'd better get to steppin' then, shouldn't we?" The two jumped at the unfamiliar
voice, and turned to its source, seeing me now standing where there had previously been
empty air. I grinned. "We meet again, Nico Robin."

"'Butcher Blade'..." she intoned, taking her guarded stance. "Have you come here to stop me,
then?"
"Hmmm…" I pretended to hesitate. "...nope."
Robin started, blinking in confusion. "Wha… no?"
"Nope!"
Robin gave me a bewildered look, then her gaze narrowed in suspicion. "I don't understand.
Why?"
I shrugged. "Hey, what can I say? The World Government is a bag of dicks." I hesitated.
"Well, mainly their leadership, actually, but a bag of dicks they remain! If those shitheads
wanna keep people from reading the Poneglyphs, they've clearly got something to hide,
something they don't want the world to learn about them. So yeah, why not." I held up a
finger. "Also, if Croc-o-shit beats my Captain again, he'll be heading here next. Fair enough?"
Robin considered this for a moment, then nodded. "Very well. Let's go." Robin turned and
started descending the stairs. King Cobra and I followed her right after.
"Very few people even know of the Poneglyph's existence." Cobra pointed out.
"Only an archeologist would." Robin admitted. "Many events occur behind the scenes. You
may be the king of a World Government Member Nation, but don't think you
know everything that goes on."
"Smells like conspiracy, like I mentioned before." I commented.
Robin gave me a look over her shoulder. "I agree."
"I'm surprised there's still someone left in the world who can read the Poneglyphs." Cobra
said.
"That's exactly why Crocodile teamed up with me. And also why he can't kill me, as I'm no
use to him dead." She turned a look at the King. "So, is it true that your Poneglyph reveals
the location of Pluton?"
"I'm not sure," he admitted. "The Royal Family has been entrusted with protecting the
Poneglyph for generations. That is our only duty."
"Protect it?" Robin scoffed. "Don't make me laugh!"
We continued on in silence for a bit more, then I spoke up again. "So then, what
are you searching for, Nico Robin?"
I could barely make out a faint smile on her face from my angle. "The secret behind the

conspiracy."
I felt bad for her, knowing that she was soon to be disappointed. We reached the bottom of
the staircase, and emerged into a large hall. Large, thick columns held up the fifty-foot-high
ceiling, and several short walls were lined with hieroglyphs.
"Quite the impressive place." Robin commented, surveying the old chamber.
"The Poneglyph lies beyond the last door, back there." Cobra told us.
Robin and I each pulled open one of the large double doors with a loud creaking sound. Once
open, we beheld the huge stone cube within the middle of the room. I noticed Robin's face
immediately light up.
"Finally… this is it!" she gasped.
As Robin began reading the ancient symbols carved into the eternal stone, I remembered the
Seal of Clarity, I still had it on me. I withdrew it from my cloak and concentrated. Soon, the
symbols on the stone morphed into words in plain English.
'Let the record show that we hid the weapon called Pluton in the Land of Wano, as we can
trust none else but the noble samurai to safeguard it, especially our friends the Kozuki Clan.
Its borders shall guard this vessel, until the time comes that Wano must Open its Borders. We
shall await the day the Shogun declares it, but also fear the need of it, as well as the
devastating misuse should it end up in the wrong hands. Pluton is truly mighty, some might
say almighty, but it is the only one of its kind. The blueprints should be safe in the hands of
the master shipwrights, who can create an equal vessel should Pluton need to be stopped. We
pray for forgiveness at the lives lost if the worst should come to pass.'
Well… it wasn't exactly news to me, I was already aware of most of this. Still, this was
incredible. Yet a new way to stick it to the Five Elder Bastards. I put the Seal back in my
cloak, and waited.
As the minutes passed by, Robin's face grew more and more irritated as she read the ancient
language.
"Well…?" Cobra questioned. "Have you learned what you wanted to know?"
"The look on her face is telling me otherwise." I observed.
"You're right, this is not what I'm after…" Robin admitted. "Is this all there is?! Is this truly
the only Poneglyph in Alabasta?!"
"Not satisfied?" Cobra asked. "I've fulfilled my end of the bargain."
"...that's true."
"So, if Croc-o-shit is the one after Pluton's location, what is it you're after?" I inquired.

"...the Void Century." Robin finally spoke. "It's something very few people know about, and
of them mainly archeologists. Thanks to the World Government, I believe I'm the only one
left. It's a span of a hundred years that's been completely wiped from the history books. It
occurred eight-hundred years ago, and is likely when Pluton was created, and disappeared.
The World Government was formed after those hundred years, and all evidence seems to
have been erased and covered up. The Poneglyphs are the only thing left behind from that
period. All I want is to uncover the conspiracy, and find the True History. The Ancient
Weapons are useless to me."
Cobra was silent as he processed this information. I'm sure it was quite a bit for him,
knowing the World Government had erased an entire century of history. In the silence, I
heard footsteps approaching the room.
"Times up, the show's about to begin." I spoke, flipping my hood up. "Bravo Six, going
dark." I quite enjoyed the looks of shock on their faces as I vanished into thin air.
"Quite the National Secret you have here, Cobra…" Crocodile drawled, smirk on his face, as
he entered the room. "Nobody could've found it unless they knew it was here." He stopped
next to Robin. "So, this is the Poneglyph we're looking for, eh? Were you able to decipher
it?"
"Yes." Robin answered with a nod.
"Then read it aloud to me."
Robin hesitated briefly, then began to read. "Kahira conquered Alabasta in the Year of
Heaven 239. In the Year 260, Tymar of the Bitein Dynasty took the throne. The Great Taph
Cathedral was completed in Erumalu, in the Year 306. In the Year 325, the Great Hero
Mamudin of Oltea-."
"Hold it!" Crocodile interrupted, severely agitated. "What the hell is this? I don't give a damn
about this kingdom's history! I want to know the secret location of the world's most
destructive weapon! Where is Pluton hidden?!"
Robin looked back at Crocodile. "It's not recorded here. This really is just a history of the
kingdom."
"WHAT?"
"There's no mention of Pluton at all."
King Cobra's eyes widened in surprise, hearing Robin lie to Crocodile's face.
Crocodile stared at her and the Poneglyph for a moment. "None at all, huh…?" he closed his
eyes and frowned deeply. "I see… how unfortunate. You were an excellent partner, but even
so… I'm going to kill you here and now."

"Wh-What?!" Robin gasped in alarm, stepping away from him.
"Four years ago, you came to me, and we made an agreement." Crocodile stated. "That
agreement has come to an end. The terms were that if I brought you to the Poneglyph, you'd
give me information on Pluton. You've done good work for my organization these past four
years, showing remarkable intelligence and leadership. You were an extremely valuable
woman, and that was good enough for me. However…!"
Crocodile lashed out with his golden hook, only managing to snag Robin's hat as she dodged
back. "You've spoiled it all, by failing to fulfil your end of the bargain!" The smug bastard
smirked. "Even so, I feel no anger towards you, Nico Robin. Why? Simply because… I never
trusted anyone from the start."
"Hmph! Fool…" Robin scoffed, reaching into her coat. "I was your partner for four years! I
knew you'd try something like this someday!" She pulled out a vial filled with water, and
threw it directly at Crocodile.
"Is that it?" Crocodile questioned, leaning to the side to avoid the vial. Only for an arm to
sprout from his shoulder and catch it. "Shit!"
Robin then pulled a knife, and quickly shot towards Crocodile. "If you get wet, then a knife
should easily cut you!" As she approached, the arm holding the vial threw it down at the
warlord. However, before it could touch him, he turned into a cloud of sand, the vial
shattering harmlessly on the floor.
"Damn it, he's gone! Where-?!" she looked around frantically. Crocodile reformed behind
her, and swung his hook towards her back with a vicious grin.
*CLANG*
"WH-WHAT THE-?!" he cried out, as his blow was deflected hard enough to send him back
a few meters. He looked about. "What in the world just-?!"
"Bum bum bum bum, bum bum bum bum, bum bum bum bum, bum bum~" my voice echoed
eerily around the room.
"Bum bum bum bum, bum bum bum bum, bum bum bum bum, bum~"
"..." Robin's face seemed concerned at the new turn of events.
"Mister Sandile… bring me a dream~" my voice continued singing eerily.
"Make her the cutest, that I've ever seen~
Give her two lips, like roses and clover~
And tell her that her lonesome nights… are… over." As I finished, I allowed myself to
become visible again, hood still concealing me. "Hellooo… friend."

It was only for a moment, but to my delight, Crocodile seemed somewhat unnerved. "And
just who the hell are you supposed to be?" he demanded irritably.
"Carmen Sandiego." I answered instantly.
"...what."
I then pulled my hood down, revealing my face and breaking No Face May King's illusion.
"Does this help?"
Crocodile's eyes widened slightly in recognition. "Ah, the 'Butcher Blade'. I believe that you
and a crewmate of yours are the ones who ended up ruining the Nanohana mission and
stymying the Rebels. Rather resourceful of you."
"Yeah, we're a nuisance like that. Either way, you have to know you're finished. Your Agents
are falling one by one, your bomb will soon be rendered harmless, and the armies are long
since dealt with. You're the last issue to deal with. Gonna be a hell of a lot easier now, since
you were stupid enough to betray your second-in-command. She'd have made the fight
a lot more of an issue."
Crocodile growled. "So, you're siding with him then, Nico Robin. Your treachery knows no
bounds."
"What can I say, his health plan is better than yours." Robin quipped, making me snort.
"Very well… if you want to side with him, then you can both die together. But the kid gloves
are coming off now…" The Sandile grasped his golden hook, and pulled off the sheath,
revealing the thinner hook beneath with holes seeping with fumes. "My poisonous hook holds
an extremely potent scorpion venom, strong enough to melt stone, and kill anyone in a single
blow. There's no way I'm letting either of you get off with a clean death."
"Yes yes, very lovely." I said, unimpressed. I already knew Robin had the antivenom on her
person, so I wasn't overly concerned. Speaking of whom, I turned to the archeologist. "Robin,
could you please stay back and cover Cobra? If you get involved, make sure it's for
an airtight opening."
Robin nodded. "Of course." She rushed over to where King Cobra still sat, and crossed her
arms in her ready stance.
"Kuahahahaha…" Crocodile chuckled. "Rushing in here, rescuing the king and the dame
from certain death, trying to save this pathetic kingdom… you must fancy yourself a hero.
Kuahahaha! What a joke!"
"Oh, you like jokes, do ya?" I asked. "Well I have a joke that'll really getcha!"
"Ohhh? Alright, try to make me laugh some more, let's hear it.
"Whitebeard's Head."

Crocodile blinked at me, as if waiting for the punchline. He cocked an eyebrow at me. "I
don't get it…"
I grinned wide enough to hurt. "You're damn right, you don't!"
Crocodile's eyes widened in realization, and I heard Robin give a laugh, a genuine laugh, at
my joke. That alone made it worth it.
The Sandile's face screwed up in rage. "Desert Spadé (Desert Swords)!" He unleashed his
sand in a pair of large sand blades traveling along the floor straight at me.
"Getsuga Tenshou!" I countered with my signature arc of destructive reishi, making it
collide with the attack, and explode in the middle. From out of the cloud of dust and sand,
Crocodile emerged ready to attack. But I had already moved forward too, launching forward
with a Shunpo, and slashing at the bastard's front. As expected, my attack passed right
through him, and I landed on the other side of him. However…
"Aaaaarrrrggghhh!!"
I did not expect the Sand Croc to scream in pain. I turned and saw him clutching his front
where I struck him. "What the hell did you just do…?!" he demanded, his hand coming away
bloody, revealing a shallow cut on his chest. "You actually cut me, and it felt like you sliced
me clean in half! HOW?!"
"Fuck you, that's how." I responded automatically. 'I get it. As a Zanpakuto, Zangetsu attacks
the soul. So he has the capacity to bypass Logia Phasing. I guess it needs refinement to fully
ignore them, but I can achieve that in due time.' In a flash, Crocodile blasted forward, hook
ready to impale me. "Getsuga Tengo!" I reacted quickly, my shield catching his attack, and
sending him slightly backwards.
Crocodile snarled. "You are one annoying little-!"
"CROCODIIILE!!"
Any ranting was interrupted by the scream of rage, precluding the entrance of my rather
blood-soaked Captain. "Took you long enough." I grinned.
"You again…" Crocodile seethed, gritting his teeth. "Why won't you die? I've killed you
again and again, yet you keep coming back for more! HOW MUCH LONGER DO I HAVE
TO GO ON KILLING YOU?!"
"Until you finally give back what you stole…" Luffy growled angrily. "I won't rest until you
give Vivi's Kingdom back… so that she can laugh freely again!" The straw-hatted man
rushed toward the Warlord.
"Fool, without any water, you-" Crocodile was once again cut off, this time by application of
my Captain's foot to his face, sending him crashing into the wall. Luffy didn't wait, he

stretched his arm back, and shot a punch at the Sandile's face, sending him clear through the
wall this time.
"Uurrgh… how…?" Crocodile grunted. "He doesn't have-" His eyes widened as he realized.
"You…! Did you… use your own blood?!"
Luffy glared at the Warlord. "Blood can make sand harden too, right?"
"Heh… clever, for you… heheheh… Kuahahahaha! First Rainbase, then the Royal Palace,
now here… I'll reward your persistence by treating you like a real pirate… and make you
taste Hell for a third time!"
"Luffy!" I called out, catching the rubberman's attention. "Remember when we talked about
some ways to kick Croc's ass, and I mentioned that one really cool team-up move we could
do?"
Luffy took a second to remember, then his face lit up. "Oh! You mean the 'Nanadori
Maneuver'?"
"That's the one. Wanna go for it?"
He nodded, fist meeting palm. "I'm ready."
I inverted Zangetsu, and stabbed him into the floor. "Alright, Croc-o-Shit, let's see how you
handle this! Bakudo #21: Sekienton!" I slammed my hands to the ground, and a burst of red
smoke engulfed us.
"Tch. A smokescreen? Please." Crocodile swept his hand horizontally, making a brief sand
devil to blow the smoke away. But too late.
"Hado #30: Suishoha (Water Colliding Wave)!" My cheeks puffed up, and from my mouth,
I spewed a small torrent of water that formed into a wave that washed over Crocodile just in
time for him to clear the smoke, leaving him no time to dehydrate it.
"Damn you, you litt- UGH!" Crocodile grunted as Luffy slugged him in the face. He turned
to face him, and I cracked him one too. We both stood on opposite sides right next to him.
That's when a glorious, beautiful thing happened.
We began re-enacting Jujutsu Kaisen. Specifically, the one scene that became a meme, where
Yuji Itadori and Kento Nanami absolutely, positively, beat the brakes off of Mahito. Hence,
the Nanadori Maneuver. It was an amazing feeling, doing a tag-team beatdown with Luffy.
Under our combined jumping, Crocodile didn't have time to think, let alone react. The instant
he'd begin to react to one of us clocking him, the other would land a blow. And all the
Sandile could do was stand there and take it.
At least, until he got lucky. Right as we landed a simultaneous blow to both sides of his head,
one in the cranium, the other in the jaw, his arm whipped around from the momentum, and
his hand touched his soaking wet body. He immediately dried up his body, and my next blow

went right through him. Sandile let out a massive war cry, and his body kind of… exploded.
Luffy and I were sent flying into opposite walls at high speeds. As I shook off the impact, I
looked up, and saw Crocodile flying toward Luffy fast, poison hook reared back.
In that moment of brief panic, I got an idea. "Hado #4: Byakurai!" From my fingers erupted
a beam of lightning, which pierced through Crocodile in the right side of his chest, eliciting a
scream. My prediction was right. Around both sides of the wound, shards of fulgurite began
falling off, leaving a small hole. Croc-o-Shit turned around, with a look of rage. "Why you
insolent-!"
"Gum-Gum Battle-Axe!"
Whatever insults he had went unsaid, as Luffy began to attack again with his bloody limbs.
As he did, I prepared to attack again myself. See, the thing was, that the lower numbered
Kido were typically uncomplicated enough to not require incantations most of the time. That
didn't mean those incantations didn't exist.
"Arise God of Thunder! Awaken Mother of Storms!" I chanted. "Unleash the wrath of your
lightning upon the sinners! HADO #4: BYAKURAI!"
Instead of a beam from my fingers, a huge bolt erupted from my entire hand, on a beeline for
the sand-slinger himself. However, Crocodile actually noticed this time, and cast a massive,
dense wave of sand into its path, letting the attack turn the sand into fulgurite and explode.
"Desert Chiodo (Desert Nail)!" Crocodile cried out, and from the 'smokescreen' came
several hardened sand-spikes, which drove into me, and pinned me to the wall.
"FUUUUCK!!" I yelled in pain. Luckily for me, my blood was sure to disrupt them and get
me free eventually. Unluckily for me, this fucking hurts! SAND IN MY WOUNDS,
DAMMIT!
"What the fuck are you morons even fighting for here?!" Crocodile raged. "This Kingdom
is nothing to you! You're doing this purely on someone else's behalf!! Why would you
sacrifice your very lives?! What's a friend or two anyway?! Abandon them and spare
yourselves the trouble! LOYALTY IS FOR FOOLS!"
Luffy stared the bastard down. "...you don't understand a damn thing, do you?"
"He's a dipshit, Luffy." I spoke up. "You just can't teach some people, even if you try
to beat it into them."
"Vivi… she's always telling people not to sacrifice their own lives… but she's the first to lay
down her own life to save others! If we don't help her, she'll get killed! You people will kill
her!"
"That's what makes her such a burden!" Crocodile spat. "All you have to do is walk away
and-!"

"NONE OF US WANTS VIVI TO DIE!" Luffy shouted furiously. "'CAUSE SHE'S OUR
FRIEND!!"
Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed Robin and King Cobra staring at Luffy in surprise and
a little bit of awe.
"As long as she keeps fighting to save her kingdom… then so will we!"
"Even if it costs you your lives?" Croc glared.
Luffy just glared. "If we die, we die. That's all there is to it."
"...to hell with you, then. Desert Spada!" Crocodile sent a sand-sword right at Luffy, making
him dodge. However, the Sandile had anticipated that, and was right about to intercept and
strike Luffy down with his poison hook.
*SKRANG*
Except I was freed now, and I used my Shunpo to get next to him, and take the poison hook
clean off. Still enraged, Crocodile didn't even stop, just slugging Luffy over the head with the
rounded gold part like a hammer, burying his head in the floor. He followed up by ejecting
the stub of the hook, a short blade taking its place. He began stabbing and slashing at me with
it, leaving me partially on the defensive, parrying and deflecting. Until I saw my opening,
dodged another stab, and slashed him from shoulder to hip. The phasing denied the majority
of the damage beyond a flesh wound, but it got Crocodile screaming again.
He summoned a sand twister in his hand, and I prepared to counter his sandstorm attack with
a Getsuga Tatsumaki"SABLES: PESADO!!"
'Ahhh, shit.'
The extremely dense mass of sand slammed down, causing a massive shockwave on impact. I
got sent flying by it, Luffy got ripped back out of the floor, and due to his proximity even
Crocodile got blown away. As all three of us picked ourselves up and shook off the attack,
the ground shook violently, coming from above. Seems the others managed to take care of the
bomb.
"KUAHAHAHAHAAA!" Crocodile guffawed, arms spread wide. "At last, my time has
come! The day my grand ambition is realized! Alabasta! Is! Mine!"
I rolled my eyes. "Bitch, please. Alabasta isn't yours any more than it is mine. Considering I
still sense everyone still alive up there, your agents and timer failed, and our friends dealt
with the bomb. Like I said. Your ass is finished."
"You bastards…" the Sandile growled. "You can't so much as comprehend the concept of
defeat, can you?! That's why you fools keep coming back for more!"

I snorted. "You say that like it's a bad thing. We're the Straw Hat Pirates, shitfuck. When it
comes to helping the people we care about, the word 'quit' loses all meaning."
Luffy snorted steam out of his nostrils. "You'll never beat me! I will surpass you, Crocodile!"
He threw his arms up. "I AM THE MAN… WHO WILL BE KING OF THE PIRAAATES!!"
Croc-o-Shit's teeth were audibly grinding now. "You insignificant brat!" He launched himself
at Luffy. "DO YOU REALIZE WHO I AM?!"
"I DON'T CARE WHO YOU ARE!" Luffy roared back, dodging the blow. "IT DOESN'T
MATTER! WE'RE GONNA DEFEAT YOU!!" He lashed out in a dropkick, sending the Croc
back into a pillar.
He got up, and seethed at Luffy. "Enough of this! DESERT GRANDE ES-!"
"Gessa Tenbaku!" I cried out, lashing Zangetsu's lengthening, power-charged chain out and
around Crocodile's body. He was not able to phase out. "Get ready, Luffy!" I reeled The
Sandile in, spun him round and round, then threw him at the ceiling, releasing him to bodily
slam into it.
Meanwhile, Luffy sucked in a deep breath, and his body swelled up like a balloon. He then
spun round a few times, twisting up his body. He pointed his mouth towards the ground, then
let out all the air, sending himself spiraling up into the air after Crocodile, unwinding and
returning to normal size.
"GUUUM… GUUUM…!"
Crocodile furiously lashed out with his arm, turning it to sand. "DESERT… LA
SPADAAA!!" The sand formed into several solid fan-shaped blades, all of which flew
toward Luffy.
"STOOOOORM!!!" Luffy pulled his arms back, and shot them out, now appearing as,
appropriately, a storm of fists. One of which made contact with one of the blades…
and shattered it, the others quickly following. Luffy continued to spiral upward, and his
barrage began slamming into the Warlord. Over and over and over and over and over again,
the furious flurry of flying fists unrelentingly pummeled Sandile into the bedrock… and
eventually, into it.
"GRRRRAAAAHHHH!!!!" Luffy screamed, continuing to drive Crocodile into the ceiling.
And at long last, up and out. The rock caved upward, and burst open, sending the sandy
shitass soaring into the sky.
…wait, do I hear…? Yeah, that's an orchestral piece. If memory serves (which it may not,
sometimes), that's the same tune that played in the anime at this same moment.
How- Soundbite. Who else?
The three of us stared up at the busted ceiling of the secret mausoleum as Luffy began falling

back down to us.
"Unbelieveable…!" Cobra gaped. "The thickness of the bedrock layer from here to the
surface… and he just punched him straight up through it!"
"Heh… told him he was finished." I grinned.
The king got up and walked over to Luffy where he'd landed, kneeling down next to him.
"Young man, I thank you. For everything."
"Shishishi!" Luffy chuckled with a happy smile. "No problem!"
I passed the White Phial to Luffy and Cobra, to heal the former's litany of injuries, and the
King's wounds in his arms. I turned to see Robin, slumped against the Poneglyph, looking so
incredibly tired.
"So that's it, then." she spoke. "Crocodile is beaten… thus Baroque Works is finished."
"Got that right." I nodded in agreement.
Robin sighed, staring at the ceiling. "I've never had a better lead than this… to finding the
Rio Poneglyph."
"Huh?" Luffy puzzled in confusion. "What's a Rioglyph?"
"The Rio Poneglyph." Robin corrected. "It holds the truth about the Void Century, one
hundred years of history that were wiped from the record by the Government."
Before Luffy could speak again, I held up a hand. "Yes, Luffy, it's a Mystery Time."
"Ooohh. Okay!"
Robin huffed in amusement. "I suppose you could call it that. The Rio Poneglyph is the only
one of these stones with the knowledge of the Void Century on it."
"Alright." Luffy shrugged. "So, what are you gonna do now?"
Robin closed her eyes. "I don't know… I've been seeking the answer for twenty years. I've
lied… killed… betrayed. All for nothing."
Luffy looked down at her, then looked at the Poneglyph, blinking a few times. "Is this the
only stone out there?"
Robin looked up at him with a confused expression. "No, it isn't. Why?"
"Then your dream of finding the answer is still out there somewhere, right?" Luffy smiled.
Robin thought about this for a moment, then offered a small smile. "I suppose you're right."

Aw, fuck it. Time to take advantage of the moment. "Hey, if you're gonna look for your
dream, why not do it on our ship?" I offered eagerly.
Robin blinked in surprise. "Huh?"
Luffy tilted his head. "Wait, what?"
I shrugged. "What do you say, Luffy? If I had to guess, she's got nowhere else to go. Why not
ask her to join our crew? I think she'd make a great new Nakama."
Luffy's face screwed up in concentration for a bit, then he nodded, D-shaped smile in place.
"Yeah, alright! How about it, Robin? Wanna join my crew?"
"It's a pretty good offer." I noted. "After all, wouldn't you want someone like Luffy fighting
for you?"
The small smile returned to Robin's face. "Yes… that does sound nice." She looked Luffy
right in the eye. "Give me some time to think about it, alright?"
Luffy shrugged. "Sure, if you say so."
"Well, I think we'd better go. We have a crew to get back to." I indicated Cobra. "And you,
your Majesty, should really go and address your people."
King Cobra nodded, smiling. "Yes, of course."

Chapter End Notes

God, this was one of my favorite chapters for how good it turned out. You can thank my
Beta, Xenvic, for helping me come up with the translation for the Poneglyph.
Here's a hint to the previous chpter's Sat Phone number secret: Numbers correlate to
letters. Look at old phones for reference.
Also, it surprises me how nobody on SB noticed the cleverness of this chapter's title.

Chapter 26: Aftermath
ping!

You have earned an item roll!

1. Star Ship Ragnarok (Final Fantasy XIV)​
2. Judgment (D.Gray-Man)​
3. Black Light Bands (DC)​
4. Nth Metal Armour (DC)​
5. Ship (Ben 10)​
6. One-Size-Fits-All Battle Armour (Dragon Ball)​
7. Expand'o Duck (Percy Jackson)​
8. Forbidden Scroll (Naruto)​
9. Kuru Pendant (DC)​
10. Victorio's Sword (D.Gray-Man)​
11. Relic of Creation (RWBY)​
12. Alchemist (Eden Zero)​
13. Basket of Lembas Bread (Lord of the Rings)​
14. Opal of Anglee (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
15. Sheikah Slate + Runes (Legend of Zelda)​
16. Rule Breaker (Nasuverse)​
17. Hook & Darling (RWBY)​
18. Bansho Fan (Dragon Ball)​
19. Lotus Hotel Cash Card (Percy Jackson)​
20. TIE Interceptor (Star Wars)​

Yeah, at this point, I'm pretty sure my options have expanded a little. And a nice looking list,
this time. I tossed my manifested D20, and I and the others in the room watched it roll to a
stop on 13.

Basket of Lembas Bread (Lord of the Rings)

Also called 'Elven Bread' or 'Waybread', Lembas is a special travel-food made by the
elves. It is sweet and pleasant, very nutritious, and stays fresh for months when
wrapped in mallorn leaves. One wafer is enough to feed a man for a day. Unless you're a
Hobbit… or a certain gluttonous individual…

Not the most exciting item I could have rolled for…
…On second thought, this could come in very handy if Luffy somehow consumes our whole
food supply again. I accepted, and a large basket materialized in my lap. I opened it, and from
the look of it, there were around a hundred leaf-wrapped packages in it. Generous of the
system.
Reiju peered inside. "What is all that?"
"Lembas Bread." I explained. "Travel-ready food made by the elves of Middle-Earth. One of
these can feed a person for an entire day."
The girls' eyes widened. "I was gonna say a basket of bread seems a tad underwhelming, but
that is impressive." Nami spoke.
"Especially if Luffy clears out the pantry again, right?" Vivi clarified.
That got my lover to sit up straight. "This needs to be hidden from Luffy immediately." she
stated firmly, grabbing up the basket to store it elsewhere.
"We should also get Sanji and Chopper to study a few of them, see if they can't be
reproduced." I offered.
Three days ago, the rebellion came to an end, with Crocodile's downfall. The Rebel Army
actually ended up clearing out the infiltrators a lot sooner than expected. After an hour of
weeding them out, the rest saw there was no point in hiding and tried to make a break for it.
It didn't work.
The army then took off to wait near-ish to Alubarna for their leader, already expecting to
surrender. Once the rain began to fall, they decided to ride in with a mass of white flags.
After that, Alubarna began its restoration, even through all the rain that fell for two days
straight. It made the rebuilding harder, but like Toto's example, Alabasta's people were
stubborn and resilient. They just worked through it all, and when the sun returned, it only
seemed to inspire them to work ever harder. The rest of the crew helped out where we could
in the city. Nothing too strenuous, lest we get Chopper all uppity. Speaking of whom, our
little Doctor had been acting… a bit odd. He took up almost every moment he should have
slept pouring over medical texts, evading any queries about it. He at least didn't seem to be

hurting himself, so…
Eventually, Cross, Usopp, and Sanji returned from a supply run, and Luffy loudly awoke
soon after. Zoro returned from his unauthorized training, and Chopper gave him a little grief
for it. Then in came Terracotta, Igaram's wife, with a food cart. I couldn't decide whether to
laugh at my friends' reactions, or join them, as I couldn't possibly understand how they look
so identical! That was quickly forgotten as we observed Luffy consume the entirety of the
food cart in under a second. Even I couldn't see fast enough to figure it out. Terracotta,
bravely, took Luffy's pledge to eat three day's worth of food as a challenge, and bustled off to
the kitchens.
"YOU KNOW, seeing things like that makes me wish my POWERS focused more on sight
than sound. THAT WAY, I COULD see HOW THE HECK LUFFY does that," Soundbite
monotoned a few seconds later.
"I've sorta wished the same thing a few times now." Cross admitted. "Unfortunately, the only
sight-based Devil Fruit I know of is in the hands of someone who desperately needs it and
isn't likely to die anytime within the next few decades." He cupped his chin in thought.
"Hmm… though I do know of another one that could help, and we'll find him relatively
soon… Still wouldn't answer one question though."
"What?"
He looked pointedly at the empty space next to Luffy's bed. "The food I can understand, but
how the hell does he pass the metal?"
*CRASH*
Everyone turned to Chopper, who looked between Luffy and Cross with a hungry expression,
having dropped his equipment.
"Chopper…?" Cross asked nervously. "How long have you been awake, how much coffee
have you had, have you been dosing it with any 'study aids' you happened to develop over the
years, and if so, do they happen to have any side effects?"
"Twenty-six hours, fifteen cups, yes, maybe?" Chopper's smile twitched slightly as he swayed
on his hooves. "Doctorine never let me take anything I made twice, so I never got the chance
to look into them."
I cocked an eyebrow. "Kid, she may be scary, but Doc Kureha is one of the best I've ever
seen, so I think she might have had her reasons, don't you?"
"Weeell…" Chopper slowly tilted his head to the side in contemplation. "My research notes
and experiment logs always did seem to double or triple in length after the first test, and a lot
of the things that were in there were totally untested and most likely highly dangerous, but I
don't see how-" Chopper's body seemed to sag under its own weight as realization swept over
him. "I've been research-binging in a somnambulant state, haven't I?"

"Uuuhhh…?" went most of the crew.
"He's been halfway sleepwalking while doing science experiments." Vivi groaned in
response.
"That… doesn't sound so bad?" Nami posed hesitantly.
"Oh, so you're volunteering to be his 'research assistant' when he tries to make Doctor
Frankenstein proud?" Cross snarked.
Nami's eyes shot wide in shock, before she adopted a calm, shaky grin. "Let's not mention
this again, shall we?"
"Fine by -aaahhh- me…" Chopper yawned suddenly. "I think I'm already crashing… I'm
gonna go get a nap before dinner. G'night…" He began shuffling towards one of the room's
beds.
"What the heck are you even working on anyway?" Usopp asked curiously.
Chopper waved him off with a grumble. "Theories and hypotheses and stuff, that's it. I'll tell
you when I've got something concrete…" And with that, the young Zoan flopped face-first
onto a pillow, and was snoring away seconds later.
"Before you even ask," Cross spoke up, flipping Chopper over to get his nose clear. "No, this
is not normal, and no, I don't have any idea what the heck is going on. The only common
factor in all this is me."
"So, basically, it's your fault?" Luffy asked, ignoring the subsequent dual Gibbs Slaps from
Nami and Zoro. "Anyways, what's wrong with how Chopper is? I think that having a mad
scientist doctor reindeer would be really cool!"
"You think that having someone as crazy as Kureha -who, might I remind you, chased you
around the castle throwing a royal armory of weapons at you- on the Merry, living with you
and treating you every time you got out of a big fight, would be cool?" Vivi demanded
incredulously. Then she paused, and facepalmed with a groan.
Reiju giggled. "Answered your own question, huh?"
"Yeeeah…" A mixture of groans and laughs filled the room at that.
"Well, whatever." Luffy shrugged. "Now it's time for the banquet! FOOOOOD!!" In a
second, Luffy was gone, the doors nearly thrown off the hinges.
Cross shook his head. "Does that idiot even realize that Terracotta still needs time to actually
cook that much food?"
The sigh from Sanji answered that well enough.

"I'll try to cut down on the damage he does." Vivi said tiredly. Nami, Sanji and I volunteered
to help out too. Usopp, after fishing out some Tabasco Stars, also joined our troupe. Zoro was
staying to meditate right next to the sleeping Chopper.
"Oh, right, I almost forgot." Cross spoke up, turning to Vivi. "Which way is it to the
dungeons from here?"
Vivi smirked sadistically (for her). "Time for Soundbite's conjugal visit already?"
"EEYUP!" Soundbite hooted eagerly.
The Princess pointed down one of the halls. "That way, down the stairs, take a left. There
should be some guards you can ask to escort you from there."
"Thank you!" Cross waved as he and Soundbite went on their way.
"Remind me, what exactly are they doing down there again?" Nami asked curiously.
I smirked with a hint of sadism. "Punishing the Unluckies for their transgressions."
"Yeah, but how are they going about it?"
My smirk evolved into a grin. "From what they tell me? Vogon Poetry."
This got me several raised eyebrows. "Poetry? Seriously?" Reiju asked skeptically.
"Vogon Poetry, Rei, Vogon. Believe you me, there is a difference."
"What in the world is a Vogon?" Sanji asked.
"More like out of this world." I replied. "A horrible example of alien life. Ugly, vile, and
worst of all, bureaucratic to hell and back. Also, creators of the third worst poetry in the
universe."
"Third worst?" Vivi questioned. "Why not just use the top worst?"
"The First Worst was destroyed, nobody knows what it was anymore, and we should all be
grateful for that. Second place? That goes to the Azgoths of Kria. When one of their poems
was recited, it killed four members of the audience via internal hemorrhaging, and a fifth only
survived by gnawing one of his legs off."
I ignored any shocked looks and continued to explain. "Vogons, on the other hand, developed
their poetry into what is basically an instrument of torture. Horrid enough to put the listeners
into excruciating agony, but just not enough to grant the sweet relief of death."
"Damn…" Reiju muttered.
"Vogons scary, Vogons scary, Vogons scary…" Usopp chanted under his breath.

"Too right, Usopp." I agreed. "Luckily, they are an entire universe away from any of us, so
we never have to worry about 'em!" I pointed forward. "Now, onwards! We have a dumbass
rubberman to wrangle!"
And wrangle him we did. Time is a requirement for all cooking. I really wanted to partake of
a Royal-class feast too, after all. See how it compares to Sanji's epic-level cooking. I mean,
there'd be no comparison once he gets his two-year training on Momoiro Island. That will
make him the undisputed World's Greatest Chef.
We all gathered outside the dining room later and were only waiting on Cross. The man
himself showed up soon, and introduced us to his new dog, who just so happened to
be Mister Four's former dog-gun, Lassoo. He told us how they ran into him and the Mister
Four pair in the dungeons, and ended up taking the dog in to keep him from sharing his
former masters' fate. After the Zoan weapon briefly took his frustration out on Usopp, Cross
managed to convince everyone that it was a good idea, and we proceeded to get our feast
going.
It was… an event. That's the best way I can put this. Table manners were evidently optional,
and Luffy? The rubber shit was yoinking food from everybody's plate.
Well… almost everybody. I put my enhanced reflexes to work defending mine and Nami's
plates, and even that was a struggle. Even when Reiju tagged Luffy's hand with a poison that
slowed him way the hell down, he still managed to steal enough food that Cross got fed up
and sicced Lassoo on him. Uuuntil Chopper woke up, and he chased the doctor down in
Human Point.
Then Cross went and turned Luffy into Greninja. Literally! Everyone watching joined him in
cackling as Luffy staggered away, fumbling at his new tongue-scarf.
"Can I make the obvious tongue-tied joke, or would that be too cheesy?" Cross asked in
amusement.
"If it had been a simple knot, you'd probably be slapped at least once, but that? Make all the
bad jokes you want, that was gold!" Usopp cackled, nearly falling out of his seat.
"At least now, we can eat in peace!" Reiju added, bringing her own laughter under control.
Cobra cocked an eyebrow with a half-smirk, watching as Lassoo continued to pursue
Chopper around the table. "This is what you count as peaceful?"
"HA! Are you kidding?" Cross scoffed, putting Luffy's chair upright and parking in it,
absentmindedly grabbing an… oh no, not again… "Let me tell you something, your highest
of highnesses!"
"Ah, Cross-!" Nami warned, trying to grab his shoulder. He shrugged her off.
"Don't worry, don't worry, I won't be offensive." he promised. "Now, King Cobra -love that
name, by the way- I've been on this crew for… what, three months? No, less than two, that's

for sure. But anyways, the fact is, that this?" He rolled his finger, indicating the general
chaos. "It's messy, sure, and I sincerely apologise for that, but it's nowhere near our worst yet"
"Byakurai."
Cross jumped as a pencil-thin beam of lightning lanced out, obliterating the object in his
hand. "Dude, what the fu-?!" I gave him my dryest look, pointing at the platter he'd grabbed
from, and he blanched as he looked at the biscuits upon it. "…withdrawn. Thank you."
"No problem." I nodded. "I'd much rather that gag not start running, if you please."

~BtWwG~​

Immediately after dinner, we moved on to entering the Royal Palace's very impressive baths.
It was something that wouldn't be out of place in a five-star hotel back home, and it
was awesome.
"I don't get how you can be so comfortable with this." Cross stated, busying himself with
washing Lassoo to avoid looking up. "I mean, aren't you American like me? Where are your
'western' sensibilities?"
"Sure am." I confirmed, relaxing in the comfortably-warm waters. "And the old me might've
had some issue. But this is a newer, much more fit and attractive body. Shame, what shame?"
Cross rolled his eyes. "Lucky you…"
Sanji grinned and elbowed Igaram. "Hey, where's the women's bath?"
"ARE YOU MAD?!" Igaram snapped. "AS IF I'D TELL YOU THAT! PRINCESS VIVI IS
IN THERE!"
"It's beyond that wall!" Cobra pointed out, motioning towards the nearby dividing wall.
That made Cross look up, raising his eyebrow in disbelief at the guys preparing to scale the
wall. "Seriously? Just like that? Your daughter is over that wall."

"Indeed, your highness! What are you thinking?!" Igaram pleaded desperately.
Cobra gave his Captain of the Guard a flat look. "I'm thinking that I have been a single man
for nearly two decades, and that there are a rather attractive redhead and pinkette on the other
side of this wall."
Igaram froze, processing this statement. Then he swallowed heavily and followed his king.
"G-Good point, sire. In fact, I-I shall accompany you. S-So as to ensure that you don't injure
yourself, o-of course."
"C'mon, guys!" Luffy chimed in from his spot climbing the wall. "When you're in a bath like
this, it's either to swim or peep, right?"
"Luffy, no." I denied. "It's to get clean and relax. Whoever taught you otherwise was being a
deviant."
"Oh. If you say so." he shrugged, continuing on his way.
"Also, Sanji, your sister is over there." Cross pointed out.
He shrugged. "I know. But like Cobra said, she's not the only one."
I sighed. "Yeah, that tracks…"
Cross' raised eyebrow was turned on me. "What about you? You don't care that they're gonna
peep on your girlfriend?"
I shrugged. "Not really. She's gonna make 'em pay for it anyway."
"Hell, I'm surprised you didn't get an invitation to their side, with the way two of the three of
them act." Cross snorted.
"Eh, Nami tried, but Vivi wouldn't have it. Even when she assured that I'd be harmless which is true- and that I could prevent exactly this."
Cross blinked dumbly. "Uhhh-huh…"
Soon, the others had made it up the dividing wall. They stared over the edge for a bit, until…
"Happiness Punch!"
*SPLURT*
In a cascade of nosebleeds, they all fell back into the water.
Cross gave them a flat look. "Either you're sporting something really impressive there, Nami,
or these guys are pathetic!"

I grinned hard. "Speaking from experience here, it's probably both!"
"WHO ARE YOU IDIOTS CALLING PATHETIC?!" Sanji roared, splashing to his feet.
"You, Swirly-Brow." Zoro scoffed with an eyeroll. This turned Sanji's attention away as they
got into a… controlled duel, of sorts.
"Why don't you come on up and find out, Cross?" Nami called over in a tone that was halfsultry, half-faux-saccharine.
"Three reasons, Nami!" Cross shouted back. "Primo; One-Hundred Thousand? Waaay too
rich for my blood."
"But I'm wo~rth i~t!"
"Oh, I doubt that!" Zoro scoffed.
"You shut your whore mouth, mosshead." I responded, smirking. "Speaking from experience
again, she is absolutely worth it."
He snorted. "So what, you'd actually pay that if you weren't dating and shit?"
"It's not like I haven't got money to spare, y'know." I gave him a shit-eating grin. "Git gud,
broke-y."
"Youuu…"
"Secundo!" Cross continued. "One of the most important rules in the Bro Code: don't stick it
in crazy!"
"EXCUSE ME?!"
"That look you get in your eyes at the thought of a payday is nowhere near sane! You
need help, woman!" I chuckled at that, 'cause he wasn't exactly wrong.
"HA! Are you saying you're sane?!"
"Fuuuck no." Cross scoffed. "We're all cracked in the head, I'm just sane enough to admit it!"
"And what about Evan, huh? He's gone and broken that rule plenty of times!"
"HA!" I barked. "That would be an addendum on the Bro Code. A person is allowed to be
crazy, as long as they are equally hot! Which you are!"
"...I can live with that!"
"And Tertio-!"

"What language is that?" Soundbite inquired.
"I dunno, Italian?"
"Latin, actually." I corrected.
"Riiight. So, Tertio: another, even more important rule in the Bro Code."
"What, 'make sure the carpet matches the drapes'?" Nami asked in annoyance.
"Nope." Cross countered. "Don't stick it in friends."
Stunned silence for a moment. "I -wait, what?" Nami stammered, obviously caught flatfooted.
"You heard me!" Cross reiterated. "I've got too much respect for you, too much emotional
investment. I'm not willing to risk it all on something as monumentally stupid as peeking on
you, or anything else like that for that matter. That enough reason for you?"
"Hear hear!" I concurred.
Silence reigned for a few moments; most of the guys were looking in surprise, Sanji nodded
approvingly, and Zoro seemed to have a look of respect. Maybe.
Finally, Nami spoke up again. "I… Cross, that is… really a remarkable attitude. Do… Do
you think you could come up on the wall for a moment?"
"I won't pay for entrapment woman!" he called up in exasperation.
"JUST GET THE HELL UP THERE, WILL YOU?!" I winced at her volume.
"Alright, alright, geeze!" Cross replied, digging a finger in his ear. "Damn banshee, swear I'm
gonna get tinnitus…" He got up, eyed the wall warily and began to climb.
"You too, Evan! Don't ask questions, just get moving!"
I cocked an eyebrow, wondering what she had planned, but took a huge leap to get most of
the way up. Finally, Cross and I reached the top and looked over.
"Alright, we're here, what do you-?"
"Happiness Consolation Prize!"
*FWISH*
"NAMI?!" Vivi screamed in embarrassment.

Cross and I found our eyes snapping wide in shock, as we received a full-frontal view of
Princess Nefertari Vivi. Seems her body type was remarkably similar to Nami's, and she
was…well…
"HUBBAH HUBBAH!" Soundbite hooted at the top of his lungs.
…yeah, that about sums it up. Still, I sealed my mouth shut before I said anything stupid.
"Sooo… Vivi… is that natural, or are you really dedicated with the dye, or-?"
Like that. 'Oh Cross, you- '
"JACKASS!"
*KLUNK*
"GAGH!" Cross yelped, clutching his head as Vivi cracked a footstool off it. Which
subsequently made him let go of the wall. "Oh shitshitshit-!"
*SPLASH*
"...owie… medic?"
"That's what you get for not watching what you say, JC!" I called down. I turned back to the
girls, taking note of Nami's impish grin. "As for you, Vivi… your future husband is going to
be a very happy man, that's all I'm saying."
"Yes, thank you, very nice, now get out of here!"
"Hold on…" Reiju said haltingly, standing up. "What do you think of me, Evan?" She
immediately dropped her towel and… howah…
Reiju was a bit older than the other girls, and her body showed that, as she was a good deal
fuller and curvier… Yowza…
Nami gave Reiju a look. "Are you seriously flashing my boyfriend right now?"
The pinkette turned a sultry look on Nami and struck a pose ohdearlord. "What's wrong,
Nami? Don't you think I'm sexy too?"
The redhead blushed heavily, which did not stop her eyes roaming over Reiju's form. "Y-YYes, very. I th-th-think that's enough, though."
"Hooooh? Don't you two wanna see more~?"
"QUIT OOGLING MY SISTER, SHITTY CLEAVER!" Sanji yelled up at me.
"Put a sock in it, Sanji, or I'll do it for you!" Reiju shouted back with finality.

"...IIII'm just gonna go back down, before things get any more intense." 'Or before I get
any harder…'

~BtWwG~​

"For the last time, that was not my fault! I was freaking blindsided!" Cross roared, crossing
his arms and standing his ground. After we had finished in the baths, the crew had returned to
our bedroom.
"But you were still thinking it, and that's bad enough!" Vivi shot back with equal vehemence.
"Do you have any idea how inappropriate that is?!" Clearly, the scene Reiju caused wasn't
enough to distract from the previous.
"I was curious! Come on, that is not a natural color where I'm from, how the hell was I
supposed to know one way or another except by asking, huh?!"
"You don't ask about that, ever! I swear, I have never met such a-!"
"Girls, girls," Nami calmly interjected, placing her hands on their shoulders. "You're both
pretty, now do you think you could knock it the hell off?"
Vivi and Cross broke off their staring match to snarl at her. "You're the cause of this in the
first place!"
Nami shrank back hesitantly, putting on a twitching smile. "I, ah, just wanted to give those
boys a reward for their chivalry, you know? A gift from the goodness of my heart, is that so
wrong?!"
"Even if I believed that, I am a confident man who actually respects women! Why the hell
would I want that as a freaking reward?!" Cross snapped in aggravation.
Nami looked away nervously. "Ehhh… whoopsy? Guess it's a good thing I'm not charging
you for that, huh?"
"Why the hell would you be charging him for looking at me?!" Vivi screeched indignantly.

"Gergh…"
"Girls, girls, you're all pretty-" Usopp tried to butt in.
*SLAM*
"STAY OUT OF THIS, DUMBASS!" the girls roared, decking the sniper simultaneously.
Reiju giggled. "They are really getting heated about this, aren't they?"
"Oh, don't start." I replied, exasperated.
"I'm starting to get way too much hands-on experience with concussions…" Chopper
muttered, ambling over to Usopp.
"Oh, don't worry about those." Luffy spoke up. "Grandpa said they don't have any side
effects."
Cross facepalmed. "If that crazy old man actually believes that, then it explains so much…"
"Believes what? Luffy blinked in confusion, head tilted.
"I swear, Luffy…" I uttered, shaking my head.
Suddenly, a knock came from the bedroom door, and Cobra poked his head through after a
brief pause. "Is this a bad time?"
"Yes." Vivi, Nami, and Cross chorused with forced politeness, through gritted teeth.
"NO." Chopper, Zoro, Lassoo and Usopp shot back even more firmly.
"My apologies, it's just that… Mister Jeremiah, was it your birthday recently?"
Cross blinked in surprise. "Huh… well, now that you mention it, my birthday is coming up at
the end of the month. Why do you ask?"
Cobra stepped into the room, with Igaram right behind him, carrying a gift box in hand. A
black-and-white checkerboard-wrapped box, topped with a bow that was… the same dirty
blond color as Cross' hair, actually. Odd.
"The hell? I mean, not that I don't appreciate it, but…"
"THAT LOOKS like my shell!" Soundbite piped up.
"Yeeeaaah…" Cross nodded in agreement. "Overall, it's a bit… unexpected?" He shared a
look with Nami, Zoro and I, the former of whom gained looks of understanding.

"It's not from us Cross; one of the soldat- ahem, mah-mah-MAH! One of the soldiers found it
in the remnants of the palace gardens." Igaram explained with a concerned frown. "Oddly
enough, it… appeared to be inside the remains of the statue of the Falcon Guardian before it
was destroyed. The tag marked it as being for you, but the sender only left their initials. I
don't suppose you know anyone whose name begins with…?"
Cross took the box and looked it over… then paled in horror as he read the tag. "B.R.O.B."
he breathed weakly.
"Ahhhh, shit." I muttered.
"Who's that, Cross?" Luffy asked in concern, noticing Cross' expression.
"You remember when I said I came here because of a divine force well beyond human
comprehension? Cross asked nervously, holding the box away from himself. "B.R.O.B.,
they're not initials, they're an acronym. R.O.B. stands for Random Omnipotent Being."
"What about… that first B?" Reiju asked warily.
Cross snarled, fingers digging into the box. "Considering how this thing ripped me from my
home without so much as a how-do-you-do? Bastard. Bastard Random Omnipotent Being.
Even Soundbite looks like a freaking saint compared to its sense of humor."
Cross eventually set the thing down and began to try and unwrap it, the rest of us giving him
plenty of room. After failing to make progress, he then took hold of the ribbon and pulled it
open. As it did, the box collapsed outward, revealing the prize within. Some kind of techheavy device, a black metallic box with a few screens, several knobs and switches, and a
microphone that looked like those on adult Transponder snails. Most everyone was curious
about what this was… except for the king, who looked thoroughly poleaxed.
"Do you recognize this thing, Father?" Vivi asked.
"Yes, I believe I do." Cobra nodded. "And I think you might want to revise your opinion on
whoever this being is, Mister Jeremiah. That device is a piece of technology developed by the
genius Doctor Vegapunk, one the World Government outlawed, destroying all known models
and prototypes as soon as he invented it; I don't think they even kept one for themselves. It's a
Snail Transceiver, designed to amplify the natural capabilities of Transponder Snails.
Normally, Transponders are only capable of connecting with one other member of their
species at a time, and even the adults need to relay with one another to make inter-Blue calls.
That device removes those limits completely; presuming it works as Vegapunk intended -and
going by his track record, I have no doubt it does- you could use it to connect to every other
Transponder Snail in the world at once, bar an exceptional few."
Silence fell, as every jaw in the room besides the King's fell in shock at the sheer scale of this
information.
Then suddenly, and without warning, Soundbite began cackling.

"HAHAHAHAHA! Still think I'm a bastard?" he crowed with a grin.
All eyes snapped to him as his expression switched from cocky to infuriated.
"PLAGARIST! KNOCK IT OFF, THAT'S MY SCHTICK!"
A switch back to cocky again. "YOU THINK you can get a copyright in this hellhole OF A
WORLD? GOOD LUCK!"
Then Soundbite's expression shifted to pure panic. "HELP!"
Cross snarled at Soundbite, or should I say, the entity speaking through him. "What's the big
idea, giving me something like this? Some sick reward for putting on a good show for you?!"
The snail's expression morphed to a look of superior indifference before he scoffed and spoke
in a tone that wouldn't be out of place for a bratty teenage girl. "Well, that's not very nice,
especially seeing how I'm granting your request."
"WITHOUT EVEN GIVING ME A CHANGE OF CLOTHES?! A FUCKING CHOICE?!"
Cross yelled indignantly.
"Not that request, dumbass!" B.R.O.B. drawled, the snail rolling his eyes; then his expression
changed into a grimace, and he spoke in Cross' voice. "If I live through this, I had better have
some damn good form of compensation coming my way, BECAUSE YOU FUCKING OWE
ME!"
Cross stared at the snail in flat-footed shock, as the face returned to the obnoxious
persona. "So, yeah, you managed to survive up to this point, and without even taking any lifethreatening injuries to boot! Well, besides giving yourself a… shall we say, 'full cleanse' after
Little Garden. Which, I have to say, was hilarious! And hey, it's not like
anybody really important died during this whole bruhaha, so no big whoop!"
I grabbed hold of Vivi as she moved forward, looking like she was going to wring Soundbite
out.
"Ah-ah-ah! Don't even think about it, princess! Wouldn't wanna hurt the little
slimeball, would you? And that goes for the rest of you, too… unless you want a taste of what
Jerry goes through whenever he eats a biscuit, hmmm?"
The thought made me shiver, as it did everyone else. "You memory-destroying Omnieverything shit." I hissed angrily.
"Oh, hey there, Mister System's Chosen! Enjoying your new life so far? So sorry about your
memories, but I couldn't exactly have you ruin my favorite piece of entertainment to date with
an overdose of meddling! Well… for all the difference your meddling has even made before
now, am I right? HA!"
I dearly wished there was something I could do to retaliate, but I settled for just seething
where I stood.

"Now where was I? Right. So, you asked for compensation? Here's something for you to play
with that's a few hundred times more dangerous than a Golden Transponder Snail when used
right. So, unless you can seriously tell me that you're not enjoying your stay here…?" Cross
said nothing, so B.R.O.B. grinned cheekily. "That's what I thought. At this point, you owe me
more than I owe you, so don't expect any more favors from me before your future knowledge
runs out."
"But… But I don't get it!" Cross protested desperately. "How-How is this thing supposed to
be dangerous? Like, at all?!" I mean, it's just a communications device! Unless it amps
Soundbite's natural abilities-!"
"Geeez, you really are a dumbass, aren't you?" B.R.O.B. sighed wearily. Well, just to hurry
my entertainment along, let me give you a hint: Madness is an STD." The grin on his face
nearly split Soundbite's head. "It's the gift that just. Keeps. On. Giving. Better figure it out
nice and fast, else I could get bored…"
Suddenly, the gravity within the room jumped to what I could only imagine was triple. The
entire room was brought to our knees.
"And we wouldn't want that, would we now? Hehehehe-!"
"HEY!"
Out of nowhere, Luffy was standing in front of the transceiver, mic in his hand, apparently
unbothered by the gravity shift.
Soundbite's eyestalk cocked curiously. "Ooooh? The King-To-Be has something to say? What
do you want, 'O would-be ruler? Something to ask about the past or present? You wouldn't
care about the future… would you now?"
The brim of Luffy's hat hid his expression as he stared at the mic. "You're the Mystery
Bastard who stole Cross from his home, and the memories from Evan's head?" he asked
evenly.
The entity blinked Soundbite's eyes in surprise, then grinned cockily. "Yeah, that's me? Why,
what about it? Just an FYI, I'd suggest you not do anything stupid, kid. You're impressive,
sure, but I'm way above your weight-!"
Before B.R.O.B. could finish, Luffy's head snapped up, revealing an apoplectic expression on
his face.
"STAY AWAY FROM MY CREW!" he snarled furiously, before slamming the mic back in
its cradle. The transceiver was unharmed, but he violently cracked the table and floor beneath
it. Instantly, the gravity returned to normal, and Soundbite sagged with a sigh of relief.
""I've had TRIPS from eating alfalfa BEFORE. NOTHING compared to THAT!"

"Did not like, did not like…" Lassoo whimpered, pressing himself low fearfully.
"Still, that gravity thing could have been useful for training…" Zoro mused, rolling his
muscles. "Hey, guys-!"
"There is a Devil Fruit, but a decent man in the Navy is going to, or does, have it." I
explained, shaking off the effects. "However, if my Gacha roll churns out Bulma's Gravity
Chamber, you'll be the first to know. Hell, I'd like to train in that too."
"I take back what I said, Mister Jeremiah." Cobra groaned. Your opinion of that being was…
fully accurate. I'll doubtless be feeling this for a while…"
"Cross, your future knowledge isn't going to run out anytime soon, right? Nami asked hastily.
"We're not going to hear from that… that thing again for a long time coming, right?"
"Don't worry, we've got about…" Cross thought it over a bit. "Upwards of two years, maybe
more with travel time. Either way, with any luck we won't get any other 'social calls' for a
good long while."
"But what was it talking about?" Chopper asked curiously. "Madness… being an STD? The
gift that keeps on…?"
"It's a saying back home." I explained. "In summation, it was saying madness is… infectious.
Not… entirely sure about it myself."
"At any rate, Soundbite," Cross turned to his partner. "Do you think you can test it out, see if
it-?"
"Uhhh…" Soundbite concentrated for a moment, then shook his head. "YEAH, I
GOT nothin'."
I rolled my eyes as I saw the problem, and I reached out and flicked a switch on the side of
the machine, making it light up. "Try it now."
A moment more of concentration… then jubilation. "THIS IS USEFUL!" The next moment,
he scowled furiously. "But USELESS!"
"What's that supposed to mean?" Reiju questioned.
"I CAN REACH out and touch them all! …or none at all. NO IN-BETWEEN!"
Yeah, that would be a problem, now wouldn't it. "Well, I suppose we'll just have to puzzle it
out later." Cross grimaced.
"Wait, you're not actually taking that thing with you are you?!" Usopp demanded. "I mean,
after what that thing just did-!"
"After what it just did," Cross quickly interrupted. "I think we have more than enough reason

to not just toss this thing away. I don't like it, but one way or another, it held up its end of
whatever bargain it thinks we made. Everything it did after, it did on its own time, completely
mutually exclusive. So, for now…" He patted the machine's casing. "We hold onto this, if
only for the hell of it. Alright?"
"Excuse me, guard?" Igaram called, beckoning a guard into the room. "Escort Cross to the
firth- ahem, mah-mah-MAH! Escort Cross to the first floor of the Royal Storage, and allow
him to take a vessel to carry that device in. And while he's doing that…" He turned to the rest
of us. "I think it's high time you all informed us exactly who Cross and Evan really are."
"Uh…" Lassoo raised his paw uncomfortably. "Me too, please. I wanna know what I'm
getting into here."
Cross swallowed heavily, and bowed briefly. "Thanks for your generosity, and I apologize for
getting you into this situation." With that, he followed the guard out of the room.
"So then…" Igaram spoke, taking a seat. "We're listening intently. I'd like to know more
about these two I mentioned."
I shrugged. "Well, I suppose I can probably sum it up pretty easily. Are either of you aware of
the Multiverse Theory?"
Cobra nodded. "I believe so. The theory that there exists a plethora of parallel universes for
every different decision ever made, now, before, or in the future."
"That's the one. Now, is there a favorite story of yours? A book, or something?"
"Yes, I'm particularly fond of the Dune novels, about adventures on an entirely different
world composed purely of desert."
My eyes widened a bit. "Oh, you have that too? Cool. Well, in a parallel universe, those
novels are completely real. The people, the places, everything. Even if it's fiction here."
"I fail to see the relevance…" Igaram muttered.
"Unless…" King Cobra's eyes shot wide. "You're saying yourself and Mister Jeremiah… are
from a parallel universe, where ours is a fictional story."
I snapped my fingers at him. "That's two points for His Majesty. Exactly, Cross and I read the
adventures of the Straw Hat Pirates in a manga titled after Roger's treasure, One Piece. Cross
ended up here because of B.R.O.B., if you need reminding. Whereas I ended up dying back
home before I was meant to, so some System with similar power to B.R.O.B. reincarnated me
here with my Gacha powers. We each joined the Straw Hats at different points, and have been
steadily nudging things toward better conclusions ever since." I shrugged. "That about
explains all there is."
Igaram and Cobra looked rather gobsmacked. "Well… that is… certainly something." Cobra
got out. "A lot of something. We might need a while to contemplate this, if you don't mind."

I waved him off. "Oh no, I get it. Take your time."
With that, the room broke off into everyone mostly doing their own thing, talking with one
another and such. Nami came over and sat herself in my lap. I embraced her, and she leaned
into me. We sat in silence for a while, enjoying the contact with one another. Making love
was great, don't get me wrong, but this? This was… nice.
"You know…" Nami began softly. "I almost forget sometimes. That you actually died back in
your home."
I sighed. "Yeah, me too. Since I can't remember what happened, and all."
"You miss them, don't you? Your family?"
I rested my chin on her shoulder. "Every day. But it's alright. Given how my power works,
I'm liable to get something that can break through to other universes. Then I might get to go
and visit."
"Not just you." she corrected, poking me. "If that happens, you'd better take me along and
introduce me."
I grinned. "Of course. I wouldn't even think otherwise." I kissed her on the neck, making her
giggle a bit.
Another knock on the door came. "Pardon me, my liege." a guardsman said, coming in
carrying a Transponder Snail. "It seems there is a snail call for the Straw Hat crew."
"A snail call?" Reiju repeated curiously. "From whom?"
"I'm not sure." the guardsman said. "He just called himself 'Bon'. He insisted you're all good
friends."
I stiffened. "Ah. Right, then."
Nami turned to look at me. "Huh? Evan, do you know who-?"
"Hello?! Hello, old friends! It's meee!" a familiar high-pitched masculine voice came from
the snail. "Ga-hahahaha! I bet you didn't expect to hear from me agai-" "KA-LICK" Sanji
immediately hung up the snail.
"Dude… that was way rude." I huffed disapprovingly.
"Wasn't that Mister Two?" Usopp wondered.
"Puru puru puru puru! Puru puru puru puru!" The snail began ringing frantically. "KALICK!" Luffy stretched his arms out, took the snail from the guard, and answered.

"Hey, is that you, Swan-guy?" Luffy asked.
"Ah, Straw Hat! I'd recognize that voice anywhere! I managed to get away, but I'd like to
keep that secret. So don't go calling me by my codename, in case the Navy is listening! Just
call me Bon, honey! Or Bentham, whatever you prefer!"
"Just tell us what you want already." Zoro demanded impatiently.
"Oh it's not about what I want, but what I have! Your lovely ship!"
"STOP JOKING AROUND!" most of the crew hollered.
"Pretty sure that's Bon's catchphrase." I noted.
"Alright, Okama, spill it!" Sanji ordered irately. "Where are you now?!"
"Why, I'm aboard the ship, of course!"
"I should have kicked him harder!"
"Heeey! Calm down, pleaaaase! I moved it up the Sandora from Erumalu to keep the Navy
from finding it! After all, we're friends, right?! I'm pretty close to Rainbase now, hope to see
you soon, darlings! Ga-hahaha!" "KA-LICK"
All eyes turned to me, and I stiffened when Nami hit me with a glare. "Darling, did you
know that Mister Two would take our ship?" she asked in a deceptively calm tone.
I held my hands up in surrender. "Yes, yes I did, and it's fine! Bentham's not really a bad guy,
they just joined Baroque Works because they thought being a secret agent would be cool."
Nami hung her head and sighed. "He's just enough of an idiot that I really do believe that."
"Can we really trust him, though?" Sanji questioned.
"Well, we were friends when we first met." Luffy noted.
"And knowing you, you'll be his friend again." Zoro grumbled. "That's what worries me."
"I mean, either way, he has Merry." I stated matter-of-factly. "So we gotta go see him
anyway."
"Plus, if it is some kinda trap, we can kick his ass pretty easily." Reiju added.
Suddenly, the bedroom doors slammed open, cutting off any further conversation. We all
straightened up when we saw the state our Commie was in. Short of breath, his expression an
alarming mixture of panic, rage and misery. "We have a problem." he stated direly.
Cobra blinked in confusion and concern. "What problem, Mister Jeremiah? Did that entity

return, or-?"
"No, it didn't, and God help me, but this is a hell of a lot worse. This
problem, catastrophe actually, is a lot more grounded in reality." He slapped what looked to
be a bounty poster to Cobra's chest. "Read." He stalked off, pacing furiously.
"Ooh, is that one of our new bounties, Cross?" Luffy asked eagerly, trying to get a look over
Cobra's shoulder.
"Yes, Luffy. Our crew's total bounty has increased tenfold." Cross growled. And as soon as
you read that poster, you're going to find it impossible to be happy about that." Cross began
kneading his forehead furiously.
I felt a great sense of dread, wondering just why Cross would be so agitated over a bounty.
Did… he get one? But how, and why? The King unfolded the paper and took a look at it…
and gasped in a myriad of emotions, predominantly shock. Igaram and Vivi only just kept
him from outright collapsing.
"Your highness!" / "Father!"
"No… nonono, this, this cannot be happening…" Cobra gasped weakly, shivering furiously
as he stared at the paper he was clutching like a lifeline.
"Wha-?! Father? Father, what's wrong?" Vivi pleaded. "Father, whose bounty is that?!"
"Yours."
Ice ran down my spine at Soundbite's statement. Vivi's… bounty…?
"...W-What?" Vivi stammered weakly.
"It's your bounty." Cross repeated darkly, continuing to pace as Vivi scrambled to snatch up
the poster, and looked it over with equal, or greater, horror than Cobra. "'Corsair Princess'
Nefertari Vivi. Wanted for the price of 55 Million Beri for the crimes of treason, espionage,
assassination… honestly, I think they just threw in whatever they could think of at the time.
Only Alive, oddly enough, they must want to handle you themselves." He let out a hoarse
chuckle, massaging the bridge of his nose. "It looks like they got that picture of you while
you were up in the clocktower. Decent angle, impressive lighting. The Cipher Pols do good
work. You think they have any going rates, or-?"
"Cross!" Nami cut him off.
"I'm sorry, I just got legitimately blindsided by something that's most likely my direct fault!
Pardon me for trying my best to keep from breaking down here and now!" Cross snarled back
with barely restrained fury.
"ENOUGH!" I shouted, standing up between the two. "Calm down, JC. Just tell us how this
happened. Where did you get the poster, and how the hell is this your fault?"

"I made a good impression on a News Coo back after we left Little Garden. He did us a huge
favor, and brought me tomorrow's newspaper. Plus, how could this not be my fault?! You
know as well as I do, this didn't fucking happen in the story!" He jabbed a finger at the still
shell-shocked Princess. "Vivi was going to choose to stay! It was going to suck, we were
gonna cry and miss her, but we were going to respect her choice! But now, because I screwed
up, because I got too cocky, that's all gone and it's all on me!"
I stood there, as the room fell silent while everyone processed what he'd said. Cross
seems vehemently sure that what he did led to Vivi's bounty, but I just don't see it.
"What do you think you did, Mister Jeremiah?" Cobra asked blankly, getting to his feet.
Cross ground his teeth, and began to pace again, clutching his temples. "As I said, I got too
damn cocky. Back in Nanohana, I got it into my head to taunt Smoker while he chased down
me and Luffy. I threw the fact that we were here in Alabasta as a favor to its 'heir apparent' in
his face."
As he facepalmed, grinding the heel into his forehead, my eyes widened as I recalled when I
ran into Smoker myself, who told me as much.
"Soundbite gave Tashigi his number after the rebellion," Cross continued. "And she called me
about the same time that Coo arrived, to apologize for this. She filled me in on what
happened from there: Smoker didn't know all the details at the time, so he went by the book
and passed the news on to his higher-ups, who passed it to their higher-ups, who passed it
to their higher-ups. And it should have died there, when instead it got scooped up by a Cipher
Pol agent and passed straight to the top. After that…" He waved a hand helplessly. "After
that, they turned it into a witch hunt. They interrogated foot soldiers, agents… hell, they even
'questioned' Crocodile when he came to. And if you hear any sarcasm in my voice, it's on
account of the fact that he sang like a canary, giving up as much intel as he could with the
intention of dragging Vivi down with him."
"Bu-But why?" Vivi managed to croak out. "What possible reason could Sengoku have to-"
She was cut off, as she flinched with everyone else as my reiatsu control slipped, and I briefly
unleashed it. "Not him, Vivi…" I choked out furiously. "The Celestial Dragons.
Those motherfuckers…"
Nami, Sanji, Reiju and the Alabastans all stiffened in shock and rage.
"That's what Tashigi said she heard, and I don't doubt she heard right." Cross confirmed.
"Uhh…?" Chopper swiveled his head, looking at us, the tension making him uneasy. "Who
are-?"
"The descendants ob de- ahem, mah, mah, MAH! -of the twenty monarchs who founded the
World Government 800 years ago." Igaram explained gravely. They are above all law and
punishment, and the World Government bends to their every command, regardless of the

senselessness."
"Luffy…" Cross spoke up. "They're the ones who Gray Terminal was burned for. One of
them personally tried to kill Sabo, and didn't see so much as a speck of blowback for it."
That turned Luffy's expression positively thunderous, a scowl on his face. "Oh." Yeah, nuff
said. Next time any of us saw one of those fuckers, they'll be lucky if they die quickly.
"The-The Nefertaris would have been among them…" Vivi noted weakly, still processing
everything. "But our ancestors, t-they refused to join the other 19 lines in Mariejois, they
didn't want to leave Alabasta…"
"And the rest of the World Nobles have always despised us for it." Cobra growled, fire and
thunder creeping into his expression. "They've always despised us for 'spurning' their
ascension, they've always made sure to spite us at every turn they could find. It's a grudge
that's festered for almost eight centuries straight. Up until now, it's taken the form of petty
annoyances, but this-!"
"This time I gave them an opening." Cross finished with just as much heat. "I gave them the
chance they needed, the chink in your armor that they've always been looking for! I gave
them the means to win."
"Huh?" Usopp blinked as he tried to catch up. "What do you mean? How does a bounty-?"
"Usopp," Vivi cut him off weakly. "The only royals allowed to rule when they have bounties
on their heads are those with the immunity of Warlords. If any other noble were to get a
bounty, then they would immediately be… be…" She choked, unable to finish her sentence.
"Delegitimized." Nami finished for her, clutching the betrayed noble as she sobbed into her
shoulder.
"In layman's terms," I growled. "That basically means that, as far as the WG goes,
Vivi cannot take Cobra's place on Alabasta's throne."
"So the Princess isn't a Princess anymore…" Lasso mused.
"That also means that unless Cobra takes a new wife and fathers a new child -and there isn't a
doubt in my mind that those bastards know you wouldn't- then the Nefertari Family's time
ruling Alabasta will come to a screeching halt, and that means they win." Cross summarized
sourly.
"But-But to go that far?! Over a grudge none of them were even alive for?!" Usopp sputtered
incredulously. "That's just… That's just insane! No sane person would ever-!"
"Exactly!" Cross snapped, throwing his hands up. "By any human standard, they'd make most
murderous psychopaths look positively compassionate! Don't ever bet on how far a World
Noble is or isn't capable of going. Because I guarantee you, you will always fall short of the
lengths they will go to. Every. Single. Time. There is no issue too petty, no slight too

imagined, no complaint too insignificant, no depths they will not sink to-!"
*CLONK*
"OW!" Cross yelped, as I beaned a paperweight off his head.
"Sorry, but you were ranting." I explained. "Not that I don't agree with every fucking word,
mind. Point is, this isn't surprising for the inbred fucks. They're depraved, simple as."
Silence fell, broken only by Vivi's sobs.
"So…" Reiju spoke up. "What happens now?"
Cobra shook himself out of his stupor and straightened up, reasserting some measure of
control over himself. "The first thing we must do is clear." He marched up to Cross, and
placed his hands on the blond's shoulders, forcing him to look up. "Do not blame yourself for
this, Cross."
Cross instantly froze. "Wh-are you kidding me?!" Your Highness, I-I already told you, I gave
them their opening! Without me, Vivi would still be fine two years from now! Without me-!"
"Without you, they would've attempted something equally heinous three years from now."
Cobra firmly countered. Or ten, or twenty, or however long it took. Maybe within mine or
Vivi's lifetime, maybe not, but make no mistake, it would have happened sooner or later. This
is a tragedy, certainly, but it is no more your fault than it is my daughter's. I forgive you for
the small part you played in this; I do not blame you, so you should not blame yourself."
That's right." I nodded. "That blame falls squarely on the Celestial Dickweeds. They're the
assholes, JC."
Vivi managed to get to her feet, and turned to look at Cross with reddened eyes.
Cross looked away guiltily. "Vivi, I swear-"
"...You're my friend, Cross." That made him snap his gaze back to her, awed at the new
steeled expression and reclaimed composure. "I know that you would never do this on
purpose. And that you're already punishing yourself more than I ever could."
"That's more than I deserve." Cross hiccupped gratefully, tears gathering in his eyes. Vivi
smiled in return.
"Alright, so what's next?" Zoro asked.
Cobra glanced back at Igaram for a moment, then sighed dejectedly. "Well, I suppose it's
better that the Nobles decided to act now, as opposed to waiting until a later date. After all…"
He looked toward Luffy, then bowed his head. "At least at this moment, there is already an
escape route present, and good friends and allies prepared to safeguard you."

Vivi gasped in shock. "Wha- F-Father, no, I-!"
"Stop, Vi." I interrupted. "He's right. You stay here, the World Government will manage to
capture you eventually. Remember that your poster says 'Only Alive'. That's salt in the
wound, cause if they manage to get you to Mariejois…" I clenched my fists as what I could
remember of that place boiled to the surface. "I guarantee that you will beg for death."
"Vivi." Cobra began, grasping his daughter firmly by the shoulders. "Two years ago, you left
our kingdom of your own volition in order to protect it from forces seeking its destruction.
And you succeeded. Now, I am begging you to leave once more… for your sake, for mine,
and for that of Alabasta."
Vivi stared wordlessly up at her father for a moment, a maelstrom of emotions playing over
her face, until she finally jerked forwards, wrapping her arms around him and burying her
face in his chest. "I'm sorry, Daddy." she sobbed. "I'm so, so sorry…"
"Shhh, there there, it's not your fault…" he soothed, rubbing her back kindly. "This was never
your fault, you've made me prouder than you can ever imagine…" After weathering her sobs
for a few more moments, he looked at Luffy with a determined expression. "Protect her as if
she were one of your own."
"CORRECTION." Soundbite stated firmly. "SHE IS one of our own, PERIOD."
Cobra looked at the snail, and then the rest of us, finding the same expressions of loyalty and
determination on us all. Cobra's eyes fell once more on Luffy, his expression the firmest of
all.
"I'll make sure Vivi stays safe." he promised, answering the unspoken question. "We all will."
Cobra nodded, bowing to Luffy. "You have my gratitude. Now… Vivi, we'll need to get you
packed. Igaram."
The Captain of the Guard straightened up instantly. "Sir?"
"Assemble the Supersonic Duck Squadron, then find Chaka and Pell. Inform them of the
situation… and send them to the third floor of the Royal Storage to prepare a Sirocco charmcontainer."
Igaram's eyes widened in shock, while Vivi just stared in confusion. "Your Majesty, are
you-?" The stern gaze Cobra shot his way made him flinch, as he coughed uncomfortably.
"Y-Yes, sir, as you wish."
I couldn't help but wonder what was going on. Sirocco… wasn't that… something about a
Mediterranean wind that blows in from the Sahara? Thematically appropriate for Alabasta, I
suppose. But the significance was lost on me.
"Ah, Igaram?" Vivi hastily interrupted. "When you wake the Squadron… make sure that
Carue doesn't hear of this."

"What?!" The Captain jumped in shock. "But Princess-!"
"I'm… not a Princess anymore, Igaram…" Vivi cut him off weakly, before reaffirming
herself. "And this is my problem, not Carue's. I already dragged you both away from
Alabasta once, I won't do it again."
For a moment, it seemed like he'd protest, but Igaram nodded solemnly. "Very well… Vivi."
"Thank you, Igaram." Cobra breathed, standing to leave. "Come, Vivi. We'd better not keep
Chaka and Pell waiting."
As Cobra and Vivi left the room, Igaram made to follow, but stopped when Cross tapped him
on the shoulder. "Uh, wait a second."
"Yes?"
"I don't know any of the details, but when I mentioned Vivi being fine two years from now?
That's true, but Cobra was in bed with bad health when last I saw him. See what you can do
about that. Drum- er, Sakura Kingdom is your best bet, just name-drop us and you should be
good."
Igaram blinked at Cross, then nodded. "Thank you, Mister Cross. Now then, Soundbite?"
"The snail snapped up as straight as he could. "Yeah?"
"I'll leave it to you to gather the Supersonic Duck Squadron together. You'll need to leave as
soon as the Princess-" He cut himself off with a grimace, and sighed. "...as soon as Vivi is
ready."
"Hey, come on." I spoke up. "Doesn't matter what anyone says, especially not those
Government fucks. She is, and always shall be, the brave Princess who saved her kingdom.
Right?"
Igaram glanced at me, then smiled sadly, nodding in agreement. "...Indeed, Mister Evan, you
are right. Thank you."

Chapter 27: The DON Heard Round The World
Chapter Notes

While I'm thinking about it, the voice of Boss Dugong is that of Sgt. Major Avery J.
Johnson. Just an FYI.

Luckily for me, the Royal Army had kept an eye on Cavaliere for me on Chaka's orders. It
was prepped along with the Supersonic Ducks, and we promptly left the moment we were
ready. It was a somber ride the whole way back to Merry, and not even Soundbite could break
it. I couldn't even enjoy the fact that my bounty had jumped. 'Butcher Blade' Seidler D.
Evan, 100,000,000 Beri. I was matched up to Luffy now, and the current situation kept me
from being happy about it. Fuckers…
After we arrived, the Squadron gave a proud salute and farewell, and we had a short
conversation with Bentham as we prepped the ship for departure. He (and his crew who
showed up on the Swanda out of nowhere) agreed to help us evade Captain Hina's Black
Cage Formation on our way out, which would help Bon get captured to try and get to
Ivankov. The Okama has a hella loyal crew, I'll give em that much.
After that, we'd finally set sail up the Sandora, naught but the wind and water at our backs.
Things seemed uneventful, until Nami stormed up to me, grabbed me by the collar, and put
me up against the mast.
"You're upset, and I clearly have something to do with it." I stated calmly. "What happened?"
"Cross made it clear that someone is stowing away." she hissed quietly. "You both knew
about this, and I won't say anything about it yet, but seriously?!"
I held up both hands in surrender. "Look, this was happening with or without either of our
interventions. But trust me, that person is…" My expression fell. "Far, FAR more complicated
than what you know."
Nami's face softened. "...alright. We'll see where this goes. I can wait till we get to an island
where we won't be overheard, so you two can explain yourselves." Then her gaze sharpened.
"However… the instant we get the chance, you sir, are going to start making it up to me." She
cupped my crotch assertively, making me flinch. "Got it?"
I nodded quickly. "Yes, ma'am."
"Good." She let go, and went off to do her own thing. I shuddered in anticipation. 'This
woman, I swear to Goda…'

Cross approached not long after, giving me an apologetic look. On deck, Reiju was helping
Usopp retrieve the cannon from storage, Sanji and Luffy worked the sails, and Chopper and
Bentham were chatting animatedly. About what, I couldn't say, but they were gesticulating a
lot. Vivi, meanwhile… was standing on the forecastle, leaning next to the figurehead. The
two of us shared a glance, then walked up to join her, Cross leaning on the rail next to her,
while my back leaned on the neck of the figurehead. She didn't look great, staring into the
distance, playing with some metal orb on a chain necklace. The Sirocco thing from earlier?
She hadn't even noticed us yet, so Cross reached out to give her shoulder a small shake.
"Hey."
Vivi jerked in shock, shoving her necklace beneath her collar, and looking at each of us. "CCross, Evan, hi! S-Sorry, were you there long?"
"Not really." I shrugged. "I know it's a stupid, obvious question, but are you okay?"
Vivi huffed out a weak, semi-hysterical laugh as she looked back down at the water. "Really?
You really have to ask?"
Cross sighed, rubbing her shoulder. "No, not really, but I think you need to say it. It's about
the same as a booze overload: better out than in."
She remained silent for a few seconds, then sighed. "I went through the worst experience of
my life for two years, all for my country, and this is my reward? Accused of treason over
some stupid centuries-old grudge? I spent so much time away from my father, from Chaka
and Pell, from Kohza and my friends, from my people… Every time Baroque Works seemed
to be too much for me to handle, all I had to do was remind myself why I was doing it, and I
found the strength to keep going."
Her voice seemed to steadily get more hysterical. "But now I have to leave everything
behind. I'm… I'm happy that I'm leaving with you, my friends, but… but this…" She
clutched at her chest furiously. "It feels like I've been stabbed in the heart. It feels like
everything should be hurting but it's not hurting enough. I feel like the ground's dropped out
from under me and I want to be sick but everything that I've learned my whole life is telling
me that I need to show a strong face, and it is so hard…" A few tears ran down her face as
she balanced her arms on the railing, burying her face in her hands. "And the worst part of it
all… is that I can't tell my people the truth. I can't tell anyone the truth. I can't speak, I can't
say a word, because if I do…" She sobbed miserably. "Because no matter what I say… they
won't believe me. I just… I've been silent for so long… I just want to say something…"
Cross rubbed her back consolingly, and I her shoulder. We stood there a few moments longer,
until Cross spoke up again. "What if I could make that happen?"
Vivi and I looked up at him in confusion. "W-What?"
"What if… what if I could get you into each and every household on this planet, so that you
could explain yourself to every last person in the world in your own words?"

Vivi stared in silence for a moment, then looked away sadly. "That's a nice dream, Cross, but
that'd take years to do… and I doubt we'd even manage to finish in our lifetime."
"Oh yeah?" Cross reached into his bag, withdrawing the mic of the Transceiver and holding it
up to her. "How about all at once in seconds?"
I looked at the mic… and my eyes just about bugged out. "No frickin way…"
Vivi jerked up in shock. "Wha-?! Y-You can't mean-!"
"Madness… it's the gift that keeps on giving." Cross quoted, grinning maliciously. "What do
you say we spread a little of it everywhere?"
Vivi gaped at the Commie, trying to parse this. "C-Cross, if you do this- if we do this… then
the damage this will cause, the dangers- the World Government will not rest until it manages
to arrest or kill you! They'll throw everything that they have at us! This isn't just taunting the
Navy, this-!"
"Vivi." Cross cut her off firmly, a fire in his eyes. "These bastards have done a lot of hellish
shit in the past, but this time? This time they've gone way past the pale
and personally screwed over one of my friends, and rest assured that this is neither the first
time, nor the last. I am beyond caring about consequences past the obvious." He held the mic
out. "What about you?"
Vivi stared in disbelief for a moment, before shifting her gaze to the mic. Then, with a hint of
steel in her eyes, she took it up.
"That's what I thought." Cross grinned wider, then gestured to the lounge. "What do you say
we go somewhere quiet to plan this bitch out, hm?"
"THEY WON'T know what HIT 'EM!" Soundbite cackled malefically.
I grinned fiercely myself. This… this reminded me of something very important. One of the
biggest reasons I loved This Bites so much. Why I thought of it… as the best One Piece
timeline.

~BtWwG~​

"Alright, Zios! You all fed and ready?" Medaka asked, slightly adjusting her newer, growthadaptable armor. In response, Plesiosaur, now named Zios by the people of Firaaku Island,
wiped his mouth with a flipper after having finished his meal, and nodded with an approving
grunt.
"I'm still not so sure about this, Medaka." Herring fretted, wringing his hands. "You could get
hurt, you know."
"It's fine, Dad!" Medaka waved off. "Zios is good enough to hold back so I don't get hurt too
bad, and better him than some Morganeer jackass. Besides, training against someone way
stronger is only going to help me get stronger faster!" She smiled slightly. "Strong enough
that maybe I'll get to go see Big Bro Evan again…"
Herring sighed, but smiled a little too. That young man… he'd reignited Medaka's old desire
to be a pirate, one that her mother, the ex-pirate Sayuri, had inspired. It ended up buried in a
hatred of pirates when Sayuri's old crew had attacked, and she'd given her life to stop them,
but Evan's influence had turned things around again. Once old enough, she was likely to go
off on an adventure of her own.
The whole town had been incredibly conflicted when Evan's bounty poster showed up, at
least until they all remembered what he'd said about Morganeers and Peace Mains.
The young girl grabbed her glaive and took up a ready position. "Alright, Zios! Let's do this!"
Zios let out a challenge roar in response.
"Herring! Hey, Herring!"
The combatants and observer froze, and turned to see the villager running towards them,
carrying a transponder snail. "Is something wrong, Ganzou?" Herring asked curiously.
Ganzou skidded to a halt. "I-It's your Transponder Snail. It started ringing a minute ago, but
I've never heard any snail go-"
"Don don don don!"
The three jumped at the unfamiliar noise the snail made.
"...yeah, that." Ganzou finished.
Medaka's head tilted slightly, then she turned to the resident sea monster. "Zios, you ever
heard a transponder make that noise before?"
Zios shook his head no.

"Don don don don!"
"...I mean… the only way to find out is to pick up the snail." Medaka shrugged.
Herring sighed. "I suppose you have a point." He then reached out and picked up the speaker,
and the snail's expression shifted into a semi-cocky smile.
"Hello? Testing, testing, one-two-three, can you hear me?" came a voice over the
line. "Hmm… well, these two seem to be getting it alright, so hopefully that means that this
thing is working. No other real way to tell…"
"Who in the world is that?" Ganzou questioned.
"I'm not sure, I don't recognize the voice at all." Herring shrugged.
"Well! Might as well bite the bullet and get started! Hellooo, people of the world, from the
North Blue to the South, and everywhere in-between! My name is Jeremiah Cross! Chances
are you haven't heard of me, buuut that's no surprise, seeing how I haven't been a pirate for
long and I don't have a bounty yet!"
"Wait, a pirate?!" Ganzou exclaimed. "What's a pirate doing calling our island?"
"From the sound of things, he's calling a lot more than my snail on this island." Herring
noted.
"I imagine that pirate comment freaked a bunch of you out, huh? Yeah, I don't blame you.
But, just for the record, I'm not like other pirates, none of my crew is! Allow me to introduce
myself in a more specific manner: I'm Jeremiah Cross, Third Mate, Tactician,
Communications Officer, and now I guess public relations officer of the Straw Hat Pirates! A
mouthful and a lot of responsibility, I know, but what can I say? We're not exactly the biggest
crew around."
"Wait a moment… Straw Hat Pirates…" Herring wondered, rubbing his chin. "I swear I
recognize that crew name…"
"You should!" Medaka exclaimed excitedly. "The Straw Hat Pirates is the crew Evan is on!"
Zios let out a happy-sounding noise.

~BtWwG~​

Some Time Later…
"You see… three days ago, we Straw Hats were involved in a rebellion that took place in the
Grand Line kingdom known as Alabasta. To be specific, we helped stop that rebellion, a feat
that necessitated our Captain, 'Straw Hat' Monkey D. Luffy, and our Chronicler, 'Butcher
Blade' Seidler D. Evan, to fight and ultimately defeat one of the Seven Warlords, 'Sir'
Crocodile. Now, the Navy and World Government, they're spinning their own version of
events, and honestly? We'd be inclined to let them. They can say whether we were there or
not, claim credit for taking Crocodile down, we don't care. We didn't do this for glory, or
honor, or even gold (and boy did our navigator give us an earful for that). The point is, the
Navy can up our bounties, call us criminals, that's all fine and dandy. But there's one thing
that they're saying that's crossing the line. One thing, one lie… that no matter what, no
matter the reasoning or the ends, we cannot -will not- stand for."
In a well-decorated room with broad windows, located far from the seas and seated atop the
world, five old men sat and decided the fate of the millions as they listened to the broadcast
as the young fool prattled on.
"This is quite the troubling turn of events…" Saint Jaygarcia Saturn hummed darkly. "Did we
not forbid and destroy all of Vegapunk's transceivers for this express purpose when it was
created?"
"Indeed we did, and they were." Saint Shepard Ju-Peter growled, stroking his beard. "I cannot
fathom how a pirate from such a novice crew managed to acquire such a device."
"Does it truly matter?" Saint Topman Warcury snorted, his breath ruffling his rather
impressive moustache. "That device was only deemed dangerous due to the threat of it falling
into the hands of people like the Revolutionary Army. What harm could it do in the hands of
a mere child?"
"I would not be so quick to dismiss this individual." Saint Marcus Mars stated gravely.
"Remember that we once ignored the threat posed by a similarly inexperienced pirate nearly
twenty-two years ago. Before we knew it, he had managed to strike a blow graver than any
we have ever suffered. No menace, however seemingly insignificant, may be ignored."
Any further conversation was interrupted by the continuation of the broadcast.
"And so, without further ado, I cede the microphone to one of my dearest friends… and the
victim of this heinous miscarriage of justice."
After a brief shuffling, Cross' voice was replaced by that of a young woman. "People of the

world. My name is Nefertari Vivi… and until today, I was the heir to the throne of the
Kingdom of Alabasta."
The Five Elders visibly stiffened as one. "I do so despise when I am proven right…" Mars
spoke, blowing out a hard breath.
"For the last two years, I have dedicated my life to infiltrating the criminal organization
Baroque Works, which was working to destroy my kingdom from the inside out, led by former
Warlord Crocodile. For two grueling, thankless years, I sacrificed my morals in order to
uncover the leader's identity, hoping to prevent a war that would undoubtedly lead to the
destruction of my kingdom and my people. With the generous and selfless help of the Straw
Hat Pirates, who crossed my path after I had succeeded and Crocodile learned of who I was,
my mission finally bore fruit. Thanks to their efforts, I survived his best attempts to end my
life and returned home, where I stopped the rebellion after many of my people had already
died.
"All I did, in the name of my kingdom… of my people. I did it so that I might safeguard their
future. So that I might one day return home and continue to protect them with all that I am,
and all that I have to give. And now…" Vivi was forced to pause to take a shuddering breath
before continuing, her voice charged with a myriad of emotions. "And now that is no longer
possible. Now, I am forced to flee my kingdom, to abandon my home and my people… to run
away once more, with no hope of ever returning… because the World Government has
unjustly and erroneously accused me of treason."
The eldest of the five, Saint Ethanbaron V. Nusjuro, frowned darkly as he tightened his grip
on his sword, and in one swift move, he jerked it out slightly so that an inch of the blade
gleamed in the sun's rays. "The threat…" he intoned gravely. "Has just become real."

~BtWwG~​

"... and that's my side of the story." Vivi finished, the story of the Baroque Works arc told
through her eyes. "I don't know how many of you will believe me, but I'm satisfied with
being able to speak the truth. People of Alabasta… I apologize to you most of all for my
silence these past two years, and for leaving so soon after my return. But…" Vivi's voice
caught slightly as she forced herself to continue. "Know that I do not do this willingly. I will
miss you all, but I will remain in contact through the SBS for those of you who believe me.

In the end, you may believe what you want to believe, just know that…" Vivi trailed off
slowly for a moment, before choking out a sob. "...I am sorry… I am so, so sorry…"
Cross took the mic back from Vivi, letting her stumble over to Nami and I, a duo of
comforting shoulders for her to bury her sobs in.
"And there you have it, people." Cross continued, clearly holding in his rage. "An absolute
mockery of justice and due process, in every sense of the words. Now, because of a
stupid, senseless grudge, one of my friends can't ever go home. Can't see her family again.
This isn't right, this isn't just, and this isn't even fair. A life has been ruined based solely on
pettiness, on a grudge no one today was even alive for. In the end… there really isn't much
more I can or have to say on the matter. Enough has been said already. So for now, I think it's
time to draw things to a close…"
Cross reached for the transceiver off switch, then froze in thought. "Oh, wait, one last thing
before I forget! I have a message for the amnesiac who was named by his hat, who I really
hope is listening, or at least one of his comrades is." After a few seconds, Cross smirked. "...if
that's not specific enough, he's often closely associated with a very prominent and cuddly
Koala."
I grinned in amusement. 'If that girl ever meets him, she is gonna deck him silly.'
"I imagine I'm gonna catch absolute hell for that someday… but the fact is that there's no
room for error here. My message is in regards to your family. Not the blood relatives that
turned you away from your home, but the two brothers you made afterwards. Your elder
brother is probably gonna try and contact you soon. He's a notable individual and he's got a
hold on his temper that suits him well, but if you ever meet face-to-face, I promise there'll be
no doubt as to who he really is. As for your younger brother… well, suffice to say, you know
his father better than he does. Not that said brother cares, of course. Aaand with that, I
really am done. So unless anyone else has something they want to say-!"
*BOOM*
The cabin rocked furiously as an explosion shook the air outside the ship.
"HEADS UP!" Sanji yelled from outside. "THE MARINES JUST CAUGHT UP TO US,
AND I THINK CROSS MIGHT HAVE PISSED THEM OFF!"
With that, Cross signed off, and we all piled out onto the deck to join in the defense. Even
Vivi, who quickly dried her tears and put on a brave face. Thanks to Bentham's swift and
enthusiastic sacrifice, and prompting Usopp to open fire on the Navy ships right away, we
managed to blow through most of the Black Cage Formation with little difficulty. Soundbite
even started an impromptu dance party on Fullbody and Jango's ship as we passed them,
which amusingly helped. Those a-holes sure could dance, that's for sure. So could their crew,
oddly enough.
Unfortunately, we didn't manage to get through completely unscathed. Merry's hull still got
studded with a few harpoons, though none below the waterline. It still hurt to see, but now we

had a great deal of metal for a while, especially as I prompted Luffy to catch the ones I
deflected. Another trio of Navy Warships rounded the coast, and Lassoo showed off his
newly-named Cani-Cannon move, disabling them for the time being. Between the efforts of
the dog-cannon and Usopp, we had a clear path in minutes, especially with Nami's directions
guiding us.
Vivi moved to the edge of the ship, tears streaming down her face again as she watched her
home slowly disappear. But before we were more than a few dozen meters from Sandy
Island's coastline, the loudspeakers set up across the kingdom began to blare, the sound easily
reaching every ship off the coast.
"Greetings, citizens of Alabasta." King Cobra's voice rang out. "I had hoped that in the
aftermath of the rebellion, with our country ready to build itself back up, I would be able to
speak a message of encouragement and new life, while at the same time fulfilling my
daughter's belated Coming of Age Ceremony. But, as I have no doubt all of you just heard,
that is no longer possible. My daughter has left this country… and I unfortunately find it
unlikely that she will ever return to the beautiful sands of our kingdom."
I sighed somberly. 'Yeah yeah, we get the picture…'
"My people… for the good of this nation and for my daughter, I collaborated with the Straw
Hat Pirates."
The gazes of everyone aboard snapped back to the coast, and Vivi's mouth fell open in shock.
"F-Father…?" she breathed.
"Vivi, pardon my French, but what the ever-loving fuck does your dad thinks he's doing?!"
Cross demanded incredulously.
Before she could respond, Cobra continued. "The plan we developed was for me to formally
disown her on account of her 'crimes' while she absconded with her friends, so as to avoid
incurring the wrath of the World Government. However… in light of the injustices already
inflicted upon our country through the World Government's negligence and their active
antagonism of our people, I have no intention of allowing them to coerce us any further. As a
matter of fact, I believe it is time that they come to fear our wrath instead."
"...what the hell is he getting at?" Cross asked numbly.
I got a shiver down my spine, as the implications of what Cobra was saying set in. "...oh,
no way. He isn't…?"
"Citizens of Alabasta… we have just come out of a hellish period of war, a time of conflict
unheard of for generations. And yet, despite this, we are still under attack. We are still in
danger, and I feel that unless the world itself changes in some way very soon, that danger will
remain until the end of our days. Thus, it is with a heavy heart that I have come to this
decision: if we are in danger of attack and injustice from the hands of our very allies… then I
say that they are no allies of ours!"

"Say it, You Majesty…" I muttered under my breath in anticipation. "Say iiit…"
"If you will stand by me, then I ask you all to support me in this endeavor… for starting
today, I rectify a grave error my ancestors made eight-hundred years ago! Today, I declare
Alabasta's formal secession from the ranks of the nations of the World Government!" The
approving roar of a million voices followed this declaration.
A strangled noise of disbelief clawed its way out of Cross' throat. "I'm sorry… but did I just
cause one of the original twenty kingdoms of the World Government to go Revolutionary?!"
Nami nodded jerkily in response, having an equally hard time finding the proper reaction.
I grinned like a loon. "You're guddamn right, JC. I daresay, between this, and your broadcast
earlier, safe to say you just made Dragon's week."
"Daddy…" Vivi breathed in equal parts awe and terror, having dropped to her knees.
"Vivi, my daughter…" Cobra continued, compassion filling his voice. "If you can still hear
my voice, then I can only imagine that you must disapprove of this course of action, and I can
imagine why. For our kingdom to return to war after you fought so long for peace -for your
sake, no less- must seem nightmarish. But know that my actions are not without reason: what
I do here and now, I do because you are worth it. Because I already lost you once, and
neither I nor anyone in this nation is willing to lose you again, much less due to an evil that I
know has been festering in the heart of the World Government, an evil I believe has been
present since its inception.
"I know that you must be terrified and confused right now, but I ask you not to worry about
me. I ask you not to worry about us, about your kingdom, your home. Because at the end of
the day, you are still my daughter, you are still Princess Nefertari Vivi of Alabasta and I
will always be proud of you, no matter what. And whatever happens, come hell or high
water… when you one day return home, there will be a home waiting for you with open arms,
bloodied and bruised, perhaps… but we will be stronger for it. Goodbye, Vivi. I love you
more than words can possibly express."
Vivi shook heavily as she clamped her hands over her mouth, fighting to maintain some
measure of composure. "Goodbye, Daddy…"
By now, the rest of us had come over and comforted Vivi by pulling her into a mass embrace.
*BOOM*
Interrupted by yet another volley from the enemy vessels.
"SERIOUSLY?!" Cross roared incredulously, shaking a fist at the warships. "READ THE
FUCKING MOOD, ASSHOLES! YOU EVEN STOPPED FIRING DURING THAT
GODDAMN SPEECH!" The Marines clearly didn't care, as they continued their barrage.

"Can we take a second to kick their asses?" Luffy asked murderously, starting to swing his
arm in a circle.
Nami narrowed her eyes in agreement, fingering her stowed Clima-Tact. "I
am seriously considering it."
"Considering, nothing." I hissed, raising an arm toward the ships. "Gimme a minute, and I'll
turn these fuckers to flotsam."
But before anyone could make another move, Soundbite began cackling like an
absolute maniac.
"What's his problem?...er, current problem." Usopp clarified.
"WE DON'T HAVE to do jack! The Marines ARE ABOUT TO SUFFER!" Soundbite
whooped eagerly. The next moment, the air was filled with the sound of… isn't that 'He's A
Pirate'?
"Oh, that's catchy!" Luffy grinned eagerly.
"That does sound pretty good…" Sanji mused.
"Uh, Soundbite?" I asked tentatively. "What does a signature leitmotif from 'Pirates of the
Caribbean' have to do with-?"
"OH, SORRY!" Soundbite cackled anew. "This is more ACCURATE!" Another piece of
music began playing, only harsher, and with drums and a… pipe organ? Wait a minute…
"Guys?" Nami asked. "Do you know what this music means?"
"Uh… I think so…?" Cross scratched his head contemplatively. "It's the theme of-!" Cross
cut himself off with a choked gurgle as we all caught sight of something. Bubbles and whorls,
erupting from the depths of the Alabastan coast and churning the water between the warships
into a foamy mess. "...D-D-Davy Jones…" he whimpered.
*SPLOOSH*
Suddenly, a ship emerged from the briney depths. Sails of seaweed and algae, thoroughly
water-rotted wood, barnacles all over the hull, and sea-creatures manning the rigging.
"IT'S THE FLYING DUTCHMAN!" Usopp and Cross howled, clutching each other in terror.
I might've been terrified too… if I didn't know that was bullshit. The ship known as the
Flying Dutchman was in the hands of Vander Decken IX and his crew, and
looked nothing like that. I mean, I wouldn't put it past this world to have its own variant of
Davy Jones, but…
"AWESOME!" Luffy yelled, staring at the ship with stars in his eyes.

"Well, now, this is something…" Zoro grinned viciously, grabbing the hilts of his swords.
"Hey, wait, look!" Reiju pointed at the decrepit-looking ship as several figures streamed over
to the Navy vessels. "Seems like they're attacking the Marines."
"Waaait a minute…" Nami narrowed her eyes, using her hand to shade her gaze. "Are
those…?" She hastily brought out her spyglass and held it up to her eye, then jerked in shock.
"HOLY CRAP, ARE THOSE DUGONGS?!"
"Better than that!" I exclaimed, catching sight of the Jolly Roger flying atop the mast. "Those
are Dugong Pirates!"
*SPLASH* "THAT THEY ARE, SIR!"
The crew turned as one to address the five damp figures that had boarded us, balancing on the
balustrade. Kung-Fu Dugongs, all, four of whom carried makeshift rucksacks on their backs
The fifth in the middle was somewhat more weathered than the rest with a duffle bag on his
shoulder, a camo bandana 'round his forehead, and a lit cigar in his mouth
(however that worked). He scanned over us all with a determined expression, but focused on
Cross and I.
"What in the world-?" Vivi began, before the dugongs leapt on deck, the four with rucksacks
bowing while the bandana one stood with pride.
"Salutations, Straw Hats!" he huffed in… that is Sergeant Major Avery J. Johnson's voice,
I swear to God. "My name is Boss Dugong, ex-second-in-command of the Kung-Fu Dugong
tribe below Chief Dugong, but you can call me Boss! And these-" He gestured at the other
four dugongs. "Are my apprentices! How're y'all doin?"
"Uhhh…" The crew chorused, sharing looks of confusion.
"Good?" Cross posed hesitantly. "It's… nice to meet you, Boss."
"Yes, and not that we don't appreciate your assistance," Vivi said weakly, all the rapid
developments affecting her. "But what are you doing here? And what are they-" She gestured
at the Dugongs outright dismantling the Marines. "-doing for that matter?"
"Besides earning a rather impressive bounty for themselves, anyway…" Nami mused,
periodically wincing in sympathy as she kept observing through her spyglass.
Boss grinned, tapping his cigar contentedly. "Well, ma'am, first off, those over there are the
majority of my species who have joined what is currently known as the Dugong Pirates!
They might change that in the future, but we'll see for now. As for what they're doin',
weeell…" He bit down on his cigar with a scowl. "That'd be gettin' some good ol'fashioned vengeance on those sum-bitches that screwed you over. Now, we Dugongs might
not be humans, no…" Boss thumped his chest proudly. "But we're still citizens of Alabasta,
and we know a raw deal when we hear one. We're with you all the way, Princess."

Vivi stared blankly at the dugongs, slowly processing Boss' words. "Uh… thank you.
But…?"
"Lemme guess, you wanna know why we're here?" Boss chuckled before jabbing his cigar at
Luffy. "Easy! We're here to join your crew!"
It took us a second to react to this statement, but when we did, we did so like mature,
responsible adults.
"EEEHHH?!"
Which is to say, not at all.
"WHAT DO YOU MEAN, YOU'RE JOINING OUR CREW?!" Nami demanded, shaking
Boss by the collar of his shell.
"Exactly what it sounds like!" Boss grinned, completely unaffected by the manhandling.
"See, we -that is to say, the Kung-Fu Dugong subspecies as a whole, we're a tight-knit
community- started planning out this whole venture shortly after you and yours told us of the
glories of piracy and took off into the desert! We left a small task force to watch over your
ship here, and they rejoined us once that there lady-man fellah the talky one mentioned
showed up!
"Once we were all back together, we spent a few days stitching together the best parts from
sunken vessels all 'round the coast. As you can see, the fruit of our labours, the Great KungFu Galleon, is doing quite well under the leadership of our finest fighter, our chief, Captain
Dugong!"
"That's great, really." Reiju nodded. "But what about the 'joining our crew' thing?"
The four dugongs behind Boss snickered amidst themselves before swiftly cowed by a glare
he sent over his shoulder, before he turned back to us. "Well, see, here's the thing: the Captain
was mighty grateful for showing us the best way to find ever-stronger opponents and
challenges, and let it not be said that we dugongs are an ungrateful species! So, he sent us to
join you as a sign of our crew's friendship and allegiance!" He jabbed his thumb at himself
proudly. "My boys and I are five of the strongest our kind has to offer! We'll see you through
thick and thin, no doubt about it!"
Luffy, for his part, looked conflicted, of all things. You'd think he'd be over the moon for this
kind of thing. Boss seemed to notice, shooting him a quizzical look. "Is there a problem with
that, sir?"
"Well…" Luffy tilted his head with a huff and a scowl, poking at one of his temples.
"I reeeally want you guys to join us because you seem like you're really cool…" His scowl
deepened. "But I don't want you guys joining just because you were ordered to either!"
"WHAT?!" Before anyone could react, Boss catapulted himself forwards and used his tail to

pound Luffy's head downwards to squash against the deck. Then he grabbed the sides of his
face and stretched his head out slightly as he glared the Captain dead in the eye.
"Now you listen to me, you mo-ron-ic rubber-brained dipstick!" Boss spat indignantly.
"Captain or not, don't you dare insult the pride and integrity of Captain Dugong by accusing
him of ordering us to do this, much less the pride of me and my boys by suggesting that
we'd actually go through with a request like that, like mere sea-sheep!" He let Luffy go,
march-waddling back to his apprentices, then dramatically posing. "No no,
we volunteered for this opportunity. Your crew has shown itself to be brave, valiant, and
above all, utter badasses. To sail on your ship with you would be more than an honor. It
would be a dream come true, an incredible, unprecedented opportunity! It would be… would
be…"
"A Man's Romance?" Soundbite offered eagerly.
Boss blinked in confusion, then grinned eagerly. "Yeah… yeah, I like the sound of that…
I really like the sound of that, I really, really do! Yes, to sail the seas with a shipful of
badasses, becoming stronger every second of every day, that would be…" He leapt up on the
deck railing, puffing his chest out and stabbing his cigar in the air. "A MAN'S ROMANCE!"
"GO, BOSS, GO!" the apprentices chorused, posing just as dramatically.
Reiju giggled a bit. "Oh, this is going to be fun, I can tell."
"I know, right?" I grinned eagerly.
Naturally, Luffy was awestruck by the performance, stars in his eyes. "SO COOL! So, you
guys really want to join my crew?"
Boss and his apprentices snapped into uniform salutes. "SIR, YES, SIR!"
The crew's reaction was varied. Usopp and Chopper were as starry-eyed as Luffy, Zoro and
Sanji seemed pleased at the increase in sparring partners, the rest of us just smiled and rolled
with it. Vivi, though… was crying again, but the smile said that it was happy-crying. She
went and scooped up one of the dugongs, clutching them like a stuffed animal.
"I-I think it will be wonderful to have them along…" Vivi sniffed happily. "A reminder of
home… somebody to help me remember Alabasta…"
The dugong she grabbed lost their confused look, and relaxed in her embrace. Well, tried to,
since…
"Ah, Vi?" I spoke up, tapping her shoulder. "You might be gripping too tight."
"EEP!" Vivi yelped, dropping the dugong. "I am sooo so sorry!"
"It's -cough- fine, your highness." the dugong replied, with a dizzy thumbs-up. "Helluva grip
you got, though!"

"Well then, with that out of the way… Boss. How many dugongs does it take to tow a
caravel?" Nami asked.
Boss tilted his head curiously. "Is that the start of a joke?"
Nami just grinned cheekily. "Mooore like a test of how macho you and your
students really are."
Within just five minutes, we were speeding away from Alabasta, propelled by the combo of
the wind in our sails and the strength of our newest crewmembers' tails. The Navy seemed to
lack the firepower to spare for us, with the Dugong Pirates hijacking their ships to add to the
Great Kung-Fu Fleet (name pending). After Sandy Island fell over the horizon, the dugongs
came back on deck, the apprentices exhausted and flat on their backs, and Boss still standing
but doubled over.
"Hoo… what a workout…" Boss huffed. "Haven't swam that hard since the Killer Catfish
Migration of '77… we ate good that decade…"
"You guys didn't push yourselves too hard, did you?" Cross asked in concern.
"Too hard?" The gutsy dugong snapped an incredulous look at him, then pulled himself to
full height and flexed, his students mirroring him with less enthusiasm. "If this is any
indication of your day-to-day lifestyle, I'd say we've more than made the right choice!
Yessiree, me and my boys are gonna get strong with you lot, that's for sure!"
'Well, Boss is gonna be incredible bros with Franky, that's for sure…'
"Fair enough, fair enough." Cross chuckled. "So… what're your guys' names?" He turned to
look at Boss' students. "Fair warning -no offense intended, mind you- but you all look a little
alike to me, so chances are that I and everyone else might mix you up once in a while." He
shot a glare at Soundbite. "That this one isn't varying your voices that much doesn't help
either."
"I AM an artiste! I will not BE CENSORED BY MERE REALITY!" Soundbite sniffed
petulantly in a stereotypical French accent.
The dugongs perked up eagerly, and they glanced at one another, an unspoken agreement
passing between them.
"Oh, that's not going to be a problem." one of them said, before they all began rummaging
through their rucksacks. They each posed dramatically, showing off different weapons and
headwear.
"I'm Mikey!" one waved eagerly, sporting an orange bandana and a pair of nunchucks.
"I'm Donny!" another saluted shyly, with a purple bandana and a bo staff.

"I'm Raphey!" a third flexed proudly, wearing a pink bandana and dual-wielding sais.
"And I'm Leo!" the last spoke at attention, sporting a blue bandana and a pair of katana. "And
together we are-!"
"The Super Duper Dugong Gang!" / "Boss Dugong Dugong's Badass Band!" / "The Uber
Triple Ultra Duper-!"
The quartet cut themselves off, looking at one another in shock. Then Leo held up a finger.
"One moment, please."
As the four dugong students fell into a huddle to converse over the team name snafu, I
couldn't help but grin, as I recognized the expy they represented. Whether by act of B.R.O.B.,
or mere coincidence, this was amazing.
"TEENAGE DUGONG WARRIOR SQUAD!" Soundbite suddenly shouted.
"GACK!" Cross jumped in shock. "Oh, nonono, hold on a second-!"
"Teenage Dugong Warrior Squad…" Leo mused, then grinned eagerly. "I like it!"
"TDWS is a pretty nice acronym!" Donny conceded.
"And it sounds badass, to boot!" Mikey crowed with a laugh.
"The TDWS it is!" Raphey nodded definitively.
"Well, I'll be…" Boss whistled, watching his students celebrate. "This is the longest I've ever
seen these knuckleheads cooperate. I knew this crew was capable of miracles, I just knew it!"
*THUNK* *THUNK* *THUNK* *THUNK*
The older dugong jumped and stared in shock, as Cross repeatedly rammed his forehead into
the mast. "Ah… you okay there, sir?"
"Oh, don't mind him." I waved off. "He's just being dramatic, is all."
"BAHAHAHA!" Soundbite cackled gleefully. "Yeeeeesss, SUFFER, SUFFER! YOUR
MADNESS NOURISHES ME!"
Cross stopped and jabbed a thumb up at Soundbite. "Yeah, this one isn't doing my psyche any
favors, that's for sure. Now, unless there are any other curveballs coming my way-!"
"Um…actually?" Raphey raised a hand slowly. "I wanted to ask the snail why my voice is
male."
Cross slowly turned a flat look at the dugong. "Isn't Raphey short for Raphael?" he asked
warily.

"Raphaella." she corrected with an equally flat expression. "Why do you think my bandana
is pink?"
Cross then slowly turned a glare on Soundbite. "Care to explain?"
The snail at least looked somewhat abashed. "Eeeeeh…?"
Lasso glanced up from his sunbathing spot, chuffing unimpressedly. "Don't blame him, I
don't think this one is his fault. The aqua-terra language divide's always been tricky, I'm not
surprised gender managed to slip along the way."
"Sowwy!" Soundbite grinned sheepishly. "IS THIS better?"
"Mah-mah-mah…" Raphey hummed, giving her newly feminine voice a test run, before
smiling beatifically. "Perfecto!" Suddenly, she jerked her flipper and flung her sai, impaling it
in the mast mere inches from Soundbite, causing him to shriek and snap back into his shell.
"Do that to me again, and I won't miss!" she growled acridly.
Cross stared at the sai for a moment, then thunked his head against the mast again. "Once
more, any other curveballs?" he groaned.
*THUD*
"MMMPH! G'T M'H OUDDA THISH!"
That was the sound of Carue getting tossed onto the deck, hogtied, followed by the woman
who was most likely responsible for both, Nico Robin. Oh, boy, brace for all hell breaking
loose…
"I had to ask…" Cross moaned, facepalming. "Your sense of dramatic timing is either
fantastic or sucks ass. I genuinely cannot tell which."
"I do believe that that would best be qualified as a matter of personal opinion." Robin
chuckled, striding forth without a care. "Wouldn't you agree, Mister Jeremiah?"
"YOU!" Vivi exclaimed vehemently, Peacock Slashers drawn and spinning.
"I think that she might categorically disagree with everything you say…" Cross sighed.
Nami stood beside Vivi, trying to keep her composure, but it was hard fought considering the
death glare. Zoro was off to the side, watching Robin with a cold glare of his own, Reiju was
keeping a wary look on her while ready to move, and Lassoo looked to be napping, but was
actually mimicking Zoro. Boss and the TDWS were at the ready, if looking confused, Sanji
was in Simp King mode, Luffy was clueless (as usual), Usopp and Chopper cowered behind
the mast, and Soundbite had defaulted to growling.
Basically, tension thick enough that a chainsaw was required to cut through it.

"What are you doing here, Miss All-Sunday?!" Vivi demanded. "And what did you do to
Carue?!"
Robin responded to the menacing tone with a beatific smile. "Miss Princess. I'm quite sorry
about the predicament you find yourself in. I found your speech to be quite… impassioned.
As for the duck, I didn't hurt him, if that's what you're worried about. I merely shut him up
when he jumped aboard so as to ensure that he wouldn't give me away until we'd managed to
lose the Navy, that's all."
"And the reason why you didn't tell me about the duck?" Cross blandly asked Soundbite.
The snail broke off his glare to shoot his partner a cheeky grin. "YOU SAID not to tell
anyone about the intruders, and while I might act otherwise, I STILL like Carue SO
I KEPT MUM!"
"You what?!" Vivi hissed at Cross.
The man tensed fearfully under her gaze, pointing desperately at Carue. "For an order of
priorities, might I suggest first the duck, then the bitch, then me?"
Luckily for Cross, Vivi seemed to agree, hissing out a tense sigh. "Could someone untie
Carue, please?"
Before anyone else could move, Raphey and Leo unsheathed their weapons and leapt at
Carue. A blur of motion, and then they appeared with their backs to the duck, resheathing
their weapons. The ropes then burst apart into bits and pieces, allowing Carue his freedom.
Luffy Usopp and Chopper stared in renewed awe, Zoro let out a low whistle of approval, and
Robin clapped politely. "Most impressive." she complimented.
The dugongs blushed and preened proudly. "Our pleasure!"
"Cwazy whittle psychos…" Carue shivered, before snapping his wing up at Vivi. "And
before you ask, Soundbite's got a big mouth, and thewe was no fweaking way I was going to
leave you; I've alweady pwomised you twice in the last two months that I nevah would! I
tailed behind the west of the squad and snuck aboahd aftah you finished loading. She-" he
snapped a wing at Robin. "-tied me up as soon as I got on… but if she hadn't, I pwobably
would have come out on deck and twied hugging you long befowe we were away fwom
Alabasta. Vivi… I don't wanna bewive it, but would you have weally made me leave?"
Vivi tried to say something, but seemed to have a hard time figuring out the right thing to say.
Carue waited for a moment, then sighed, holding up his wing with a grin. "Ah, fowget it. It's
not wike I haven't always been the smart one of us, wight?"
"Oh, shut up, you." Vivi replied, trying to match Carue's grin as she jumped down and
embraced him.

"Touching as this may be…" Zoro growled, his glare never leaving Robin. "Can
we please address the elephant in the room?"
"Oh, don't mind me." Robin stated primly, lounging in a folding chair. "Just pretend I'm not
here. You won't even notice my presence."
I snorted. "I doubt that, very much."
"Geeze, woman," Cross groaned tiredly. "Do you take pleasure in ticking off powerful people
or…" He trailed off slightly, then blinked in realization. "Huh. We've got more in common
than I expected. Alright, withdrawn."
That got Vivi and Nami to turn their glares on him again. He raised his hands in surrender.
"Hey, I only kept mum about her being onboard; if you wanna blame someone for her
actually being here, blame our Captain."
Robin smiled impishly, nodding at the disbelieving looks from the crew. "Your third mate is
quite well-informed. Well, mostly. I'm here because I was invited. By Mister Siedler, in fact,
because I had nowhere left to go. He made the offer, and your Captain approved. I've decided
to take up that offer and join your crew."
For a moment, there was nothing but silence. Then…
"WHAAAAAT?!"
"ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND?!" Vivi shrieked, only just being held back by Carue.
"GOD FUCKING DAMN IT!" Nami roared, slamming her palms on the upper deck's railing.
"And here I thought we were brazen!" Boss chortled in amusement.
"Oh dear, this is interesting." Reiju tittered.
"I COULD KISS YOU, CAPTAIN!" Sanji sang rapturously.
Luffy just smiled. "Okay, welcome aboard!"
"Thank you very much, Captain." Robin nodded kindly, before turning her smile to the rest of
the crew. "And thank you all for allowing me to join your crew. Please…" She tilted her head
to the side, slightly. "Take good care of me."
'Oh, just you watch us, Robin.' I thought, smiling slightly. 'We'll go to hell and back for you, if
need be.'
"LUFFY!" the saner members of the crew exclaimed indignantly.
"Shishishi!" Luffy chuckled, smiling at them. "Ah, don't worry about it, you guys! She's not a
bad person, believe me!"

"Have you literally forgotten about the past month that attests otherwise?!" Vivi spat
viciously.
The rubberman rubbed a finger beneath his nose, grin widening. "Ehh, you're overreacting."
"THE HELL I AM!" Vivi screamed, bursting out of Carue's grip to tackle Luffy.
"I'm behind you 100%, Captain!" Sanji swiftly announced. "How could anyone of such
beauty be a bad person?"
Robin chuckled. "Charmer."
"Okay, can someone tell me who this woman is and why we're freaking out?" Chopper
insisted.
"Sure thing, Chopper! The Great Sniper Usopp shall educate you in the involvement of this
most dangerous of women with our crew!"
While this happened, Zoro and Nami approached Cross and I from both sides, their looks just
shy of accusatory. "Alright, listen." Cross sighed, hand running down his face. "I'm sorry we
didn't say anything, but discretion was key in this situation. Just… I know that this looks bad,
but-!"
"Evan. Mister Jeremiah."
The frigid tone that Vivi spoke in put a terror-shiver down my spine.
"Ahhh, shit." Cross and I hissed.
"Ooooh, you boys in trooou-BLEEE!" Soundbite whistled from the safety of his shell.
Vivi's expression as she advanced on us was of pure, unrestrained rage. The only thought that
kept me from freaking out was that so long as I kept her from taking the Shroud, she
couldn't kill me. Cross made to back away, but Zoro and Nami caught his shoulders and
refused to let him. She came up to me first, and grabbed me by the collar.
"Evan. Mister Siedler." she intoned darkly. "Care to tell me exactly what that woman meant
when she said you invited her to join the crew?"
"Look, Vivi." I began, swallowing hard. "The only thing Robin has been after this whole time
was the Rio Poneglyph, the only object in the world that tells the lost history of the Void
Century. That Poneglyph in the tomb was her only lead. But all it had was what Crocodile
was after… the location of Pluton. When he asked her to translate, she lied to his face.
"Then he revealed he always intended to betray her, and she tried to kill him with a vial of
water she had ready. He would've speared her on his hook if I hadn't been there. She looked
like she was ready to lay down and die down there. She really had nowhere left to go. So

yeah, I offered her a place here, and Luffy agreed." I sighed resignedly. "So… what's the
verdict? Do I get to live?"
Vivi still looked rather thunderous, but she seemed contemplative for a few moments. Then,
she sighed, releasing me. "Very well. I suppose that makes some form of sense. You're off the
hook. For now."
Now I sighed in relief.
Vivi's face returned to rage, as she turned to my fellow earthling. "You, on the other
hand, Mister Jeremiah…"
He hastily put up both hands in surrender. "Now, Vivi, I know that you're pissed off at me,
and you have each and every reason to be, but there is a very valid reason why I didn't tell
you about Robin being aboard the Merry!"
"What?" Vivi hissed coldly.
Cross swallowed and sorted a panicked smile. "You were supposed to learn about her from a
newspaper back in Alabasta a few months from now?"
I facepalmed. Hard. "Idiot."
*CRUNCH*
"GWARGH!" Cross yowled, falling flat on his ass, clutching his rapidly bleeding nose. "Son
ob a bidch! Dis dime I dink you really broge id!"
"Be glad I don't break anything else!" Vivi snarled indignantly, fist shaking at her side. She
then spun on her heel and stalked off, slamming the storeroom door shut hard.
"Vell, dis bides…" Cross sighed wearily, slumping back. "Choppah?"
"Ah, right!" Chopper hastily dashed over, taking hold of Cross' nose. "Ouch, minor
compound, you're lucky the bone didn't break skin… alright, deep breath. One, two-!"
*KRACK*
"SWEET MOTHER OF MERCY!" Cross yelped, clutching his nose. "God damn, that
sucked…"
"Better than leaving it… eeeyaaahhh… broken." Chopper countered, rubbing his eyes with a
yawn. "Man, I'm tired…" Appropriately, the sun had indeed begun to sink under the horizon.
"Yeah, it's been a long day, but it seems like it's coming to an end." Cross noted. "I think we
all need some rest… hit the hay, everyone, let's call it a night."
"Aww, but Cross, I wanna stay up long-!"

*WHUMP*
"I'll get him into one of the hammocks." Zoro grunted, hefting a snoring Luffy over his
shoulder.
"Yeah, Cross has the right idea." Nami agreed, though still looking upset with Cross.
"Darling, come on. You too, Carue. Let's go and convince Vivi to not murder Cross in his
sleep."
"You do realize I'm a source of anger for her too, right?" I questioned.
Nami waved me off. "Yeah, but she's mostly let you off the hook, and I won't actually let her
hurt my man, so it's fine."
"I can use a non-lethal poison to make her sleep if she gets slash-happy." Reiju piped up.
I shrugged. "Fair enough." Thus, I followed my lover into the Lioness' Den.

A/N: Did you guys really think I'd (completely) cut out one of the most pivotal moments
in fanficdom? The beginning of the proverbial avalanche of the World Government's
crumbling influence. There wasn't much to change or add, so it's all I got.
...well, except for this Five Elders: "Ahh, this is the worst timeline!
Me: This is the BEST timeline!
Luffy: This is a timeline!
Tune in next time for more. Later, betches... *sinks into water with AWOOGA sfx*

Chapter 28: One Thing After Another...
After everything was settled, we retired to our beds. Nothing spicy happened for me and
Nami, thanks to the tense mood from earlier. Probably for the best, given that we were woken
later by Soundbite screaming out alarms, because apparently, Chopper had gone crazy
and tried to dissect Cross. After subduing the seemingly-mad reindeer doctor, we quickly
discovered the issue. Back in Yuba, Cross and Chopper had a conversation about
biofeedback. This was the trigger to his research-binging whenever he had free time. That,
coupled with the even earlier talk about jailbreaking Devil Fruit powers, made him try to amp
the key feature of his powers, his intelligence.
The end result was that the little doctor had, as Cross so eloquently put it, 'Jekyll and Hyde'd
himself'. He now had a permanent source of extra intelligence in his head that would make
him go into 'mad scientist mode' now and again. Luckily, it could be kept in check with a
proper application of Cognitive Recalibration. Well, can't say this crew doesn't keep things
interesting!
Speaking of, Cross did begin making SBS broadcasts of a far lighter nature. Letting Usopp
give a message to his father over the airwaves, making a pseudo-cooking show with Sanji, a
'Chopper's Medical Discussions' segment and, against my warnings of how shit could go
wrong, outing the secrets of Impel Down. Outside of the SBS, he also recruited Chopper and
Usopp to help with the modification of Lassoo, testing out Soundbite's new Gastro-Blast
move, and finally making up with Vivi for the whole Robin thing. That's about when things
got really interesting…

~BtWwG~​

Zoro and I had returned from respectively training swordsmanship and practicing Kido on the
Fortress' Ripatorium, and were cleaning ourselves up, when I heard a sharp whistle. "Nami,
Evan, Zoro! Staff meeting!" Cross belted out.
I joined my crewmates as we all followed Cross into the storage room. "What is it, Cross?"
Zoro asked gruffly.

"I'M -Puru puru puru puru!- getting a CALL!" Soundbite answered.
"And there's only one person who knows his number." Cross added, shutting the door.
However, just before it closed, a foot got in the way. Cross peered around it, to be met with a
thoroughly nonplussed Vivi.
"Ahem?" Vivi coughed, other foot tapping on the deck.
Cross grimaced and stepped back to let her in. "Yeah yeah, a deal's a deal, you're included.
But pleeease promise me you won't blab anything we need to keep secret to anyone who
shouldn't know it?"
Vivi's dignified strut was broken as she stumbled and almost face-planted. "T-That was one
time!" she protested with a furious blush-glare combo.
"YOU DRAGGED us into -Puru puru puru puru!- A REBELLION!"
Vivi flinched back, then gave a hesitant grin. "I said I'm sorry?"
"Yeah, 'cause that'll make my shoulder stop burning from phantom pains…" Cross muttered
under his breath, picking up the receiver from the transceiver. "KA-LICK!" Soundbite's
expression shifted to a gruff grimace. "Hello, Hard-Ass Marine Hotline, Bobby speaking,
how may I direct your call?"
"Cross." the voice of Smoker responded.
"Ah, Commodore Smoker! I assume you'll be calling for the two-for-one special we're
offering on cigars… and soldier's remorse?"
The line was silent for a few moments, then he replied in his colorless tone. "...I'm not even
going to bother asking where the hell you got that transceiver, but do you have any idea how
much hell this stunt of yours is going to raise?"
"HA!" Cross barked sardonically, slapping his knee. "Who says you don't have a sense of
humor, Smoker, because that was hilarious! Or a major coincidence, at least, because you
know what my thought process was when I came up with the idea? I was well past giving a
damn about what the World Government did. What say you, Vivi?" He passed the mic over to
the stormy-faced Princess.
"I was a bit emotional at the time, so I wasn't exactly thinking straight, but I think that my
thought process was somewhere along the lines of 'fuck every last one of the bastards who
banished me from my home, hard.'" she concurred harshly.
Soundbite's expression twitched viciously, but before he said anything, the snail shifted into a
much more hesitant demeanor. "I don't suppose we can continue this conversation in a
more… private setting, Cross?" Tashigi asked. "We're calling you to discuss very private,
very delicate matters."

"This is private, Ensign." Vivi replied. "The only ones listening besides me are the first,
second and third mates of the crew, and Evan… and Soundbite, of course, but there's no easy
way of dealing with that particular parasite."
"SCREW YOU too, VIVI."
Soundbite's expression remained hesitant a moment longer, then twisted back into a hardassed sneer. "Relax, Tashigi, we knew this wouldn't be a formal affair going in. Besides, it's
not like we're alone on our end, either."
That last bit drew a look of surprise from all of us. "Come again?" Cross asked in confusion.
Right away, Soundbite's expression changed slightly. Still the stick-in-the-ass look, just…
softer? "Hina is… surprised…" came the voice of Captain 'Black Cage' Hina. "Even after
listening to that broadcast, I didn't think that pirates like those of your crew actually existed,
much less that I'd ever actually interact with anyone like you."
"Ah, Hina, good to hear from you again!" I grinned. "How are your subordinates doing after
their encounter with the Great Kung-Fu Fleet?"
She scowled. "Beaten, bruised, and wet from being thrown off their ships."
"Heh, yeah. I suggest more training so that they can't be whupped as easily from now on.
Anyway, Smokestack, you called for a reason?"
The snail's expression changed back to Smoker's hard-assedness, with an added glare at me
for a moment. "I have to admit that I'm impressed, Cross. I never thought that any pirate
would actually be able to shake my faith in the Navy, but you managed it."
Cross' own expression sobered. "In my defense, I didn't do much, Smoker. All I did was draw
attention to an ugly truth you would have become aware of either way."
"Then I suppose I should thank you for showing it to me sooner rather than later."
Cross blinked in shock as he processed that, digging a finger in his ear. "Excuse me? I'm
sorry, I may have an ear infection, because did you just thank me?"
Smoker snorted dispassionately. "Don't get used to it, Cross. In all seriousness, I'm calling
because you showed me what the system I work for is really like. Because I saw the truth of
the world, and frankly… I'm disgusted by it."
"We're disgusted by it." Hina clarified. "All of us, Hina's and Smoker's soldiers included."
"And you're telling us this because…?" Nami trailed off questioningly.
"We're telling you because we intend to do something about it." Tashigi explained. "And we
want you to help us with the endeavor."

Silence for a few seconds. "Okay…" Cross whispered slowly. "Now I know that I've got
hearing issues, because there's no way in hell that I can believe the fact that I just heard a
tight-laced Marine like you ask for our help in tearing down the World Government."
"We don't want to tear down the-!" Tashigi began to protest.
"Believe it, Cross, because you just heard it." Smoker interrupted.
"Capt-C-Commodore?!" Tashigi sputtered in shock.
Hina wasn't much better. "Smoker, what are you-?!"
"Oh, stop kidding yourselves, you two." Smoker barked harshly. "This corruption goes
straight to the top and you both know it. If we want to save any trace of Justice left in this
world, then we're going to need to destroy it from the ground up to salvage it."
The storage room had gone dead silent, with everyone's jaws hitting the floor. Zoro included.
Even Soundbite couldn't believe the words coming out of his mouth.
"Alright, could someone hit me?" Cross asked. "Cause I must be dreaming;
making Alabasta go Revolutionary is one thing, but someone like-"
"Aaahhh, I don't think they see themselves as Revolutionaries, Cross." I interrupted. "Smoker
probably doesn't approve of half the shit they do."
"You're goddamned right." Smoker growled. "Friggin wanton anarchists. This is a matter of
policy change, pure and simple. Justice needs to be harsh, impartial, completely unbiased by
political agendas. And yet, as I've seen in the past twenty-four hours, that's just not the case
right now."
"So… what are you proposing, then? How do you expect pirates to help you change Navy
policy?" Vivi asked incredulously.
"We… we don't." Tashigi answered reluctantly. "We're the ones who vowed to enforce and
protect Justice. This… this is our mess, we'll take care of it ourselves."
"Save that the current 'ourselves' in question are not very substantial." Hina sighed. "As it
stands, we have around two or three thousand soldiers whom we trust that are directly loyal
to us and would support our cause. And while I'm sure that we could probably find more out
there who would be willing to join our movement for reform…" Hina's scowl deepened as
Soundbite mimicked her chewing on her cigarette. "Hina is afraid that searching them out
without being discovered by the very people we oppose would be a nigh-impossible task."
"In short… what we need here are informants." Smoker summarized.
"Come again?" Nami questioned in disbelief.
"Well, you see, back in Alabasta, Cross mentioned that he and Evan knew of the existence of

other 'Decent Marines' out in the world." Tashigi explained. "I'm assuming that goes beyond
the ones he mentioned are dead?"
Cross wracked his brain. "Ah… I… can name a few, yeah… a Captain, some Vice
Admirals…. Aokiji is a hard maybe, he's cryptic and could go either way. Hell, best case
scenario, maybe you could swing Kizaru? But chances are that bastard could turn on a dime
and obliterate you if he were bored… or just felt like it… he's hard to get a read on…"
"Yeah, well, even if the list is short for now, with any luck, you'll come across more as you
keep moving through the Grand Line." Smoker grunted. "We're asking you to keep an eye out
for anyone who's a fan of your show, anyone with a reputation of being stubborn against
orders… or anyone that your crew manages to leave an impression on. I doubt we'll be the
last."
I chuckled. "Oh, you're damn right about that. But what do we say, there's a group of Marines
trying to stage a righteous coup? Hard to believe, and even then, it might get passed up the
chain until Command drops the hammer on your sorry asses."
"That's a risk we're willing to take, Evan." Tashigi stated firmly. "But… still, just in case, we
got ourselves another Transponder Snail incognito while near Alabasta. If you agree-"
"Cross just raised the kind of absolute hell that no one since Gold Roger has, and that's just
with the first two broadcasts." Smoker scoffed incredulously. "Do you really think he's going
to pass this up?"
"...right. Well, anyways, you'd call that snail, as we'd vet whoever you sent to us. It wouldn't
be a perfect system, I know, but at least it'd give us somewhere to start."
"Tashigi would be your handler in this situation." Hina added. "You'd primarily make contact
with her and she'd act as our go-between." She paused, seemingly choosing her words
carefully. "Hina realizes that what we're asking is not an easy task-"
"Save it, we'll do it." Cross interrupted, giving each of us a look to confirm that nobody had a
problem. "Anything to stick it to the bastards who hurt my friend, and make our world just a
little bit less of an absolute hellhole. Just one condition: you get wind of any Marine attacks
coming our way, you help us steer clear. It might go against what you stand for-"
"The hell it does." Smoker interrupted. "As convoluted as it might seem, you pirates are
helping us salvage Justice. If you get caught, then the world suffers for it. You're just lucky
that I got pulled off your tail by Marineford. After all, I wouldn't hesitate to hold back."
"Oh, of course not, as if we'd ever expect anything else." Nami deadpanned, making me
snicker.
"Before I forget, though. We've arrested most of Baroque Works by now, but a few Agents
have slipped through the cracks: The Mister Five Team, Mister Three's partner… and Nico
Robin. Any ideas where they are?"

"Weeell…" I tentatively began. "As far as the first three go, I think we don't need to worry
too much. As for the latter… heh, I can honestly say that she's exactly where she deserves to
be."
"...she's on your ship, isn't she?" Tashigi stated rather than asked.
"Hey, look, I won't deny that she's a bitch." Cross said defensively. "...I'm just saying that
she's got a Freudian excuse six battleships big, got it?"
Tashigi ground her teeth for a second, then breathed out a heavy sigh. "In for one Beri, in for
them all… alright, Cross, I'll take your word for it… for now."
"Well, alright then." Cross nodded, moving to hang up the call. "Now then, if that's
everything…"
"Uh, one question?" Vivi raised her hand. "Does your group… have a name, or…?"
"...damn it."
"Hina told you they'd ask, Smoker."
"If… any of you have any suggestions-?"
"How about MI3?" Zoro piped up. Everyone snapped a look at him in shock. "What? I come
up with all my attack names on my own, I can be creative."
That was fair. Honestly, I was about to suggest something like The Rooters, or Echelon.
"So what's it stand for?" Nami asked expectantly.
Zoro shrugged with a grunt. "Marine Integrity Three. After all, they're fighting to reform the
Marines and the three of them are leading it, so…"
Soundbite's eye twitched before he spoke in Tashigi's thoroughly-peeved voice. "That has got
to be the most bone-headed-!"
"It'll do for now. Thanks for the contribution, Pirate Hunter." Smoker cut her off with a grin.
"Wha-?! SIR!"
"Goodbye for now, Straw Hats." the Commodore forged on, ignoring his subordinate's
protests. "Here's to the start of a long and hopefully successful venture." "KA-LICK!"
Silence hung in the air for a few moments, then Nami groaned and slapped a hand to her face.
"So, Cross…" she ground out. "Any other insanity you'd like to lay out on us?"
"Hey, now!" he waved his hands defensively. "This is com-pletely off-script! Trust me, from
now until when I say so, you literally cannot blame me for whatever madness comes our

way… unless you can actually trace it directly to me, of course."
Then suddenly, and without warning, the Merry suddenly lurched, nearly sending the lot of us
sprawling. Following this, the air was split by Usopp's very familiar and high-pitched shriek.
"AAAHHH!! IT'S THE KRAKEEEN!!"
Now I highly doubted that, as Surume should be nowhere even near here. But before I could
voice this, Cross decided to say something stupid. "Huh… that's odd, he's two years early."
The result being that Nami shrieked and tried to throttle him. I was sorely tempted to just
stand there and let her, too.

~BtWwG~​

A few hours later found us back underway, but not without the usual Grand Line Nonsense™
getting in the way first. Three words: Great. Octopus. Shogunate. I've said it before, I'll say it
till I'm blue in the face: God Bless this wacky-ass world. We apparently crossed into the
territory of this fabled kingdom, populated entirely by octupi. Fabled because nobody could
actually find the damn thing, which makes sense as it was on the back of a giant fuckoff
turtle.
The Great and Honorable Shogun Octavio, the place's Lord Regent, took offense to us
basically invading their territory, though respected our combat ability from defending
ourselves. We could have simply stated our intentions and been on our way… had Vivi not
fucked up and pulled up the wrong translation method. We instead insulted them thoroughly,
but the only part he had a problem with was the insult to… his surfing ability. Because of
course.
Thus he challenged us to a surfing contest. And Luffy was the one who would be competing.
We were certain we were fucked. However, after Boss gave Luffy his supply of fermented
seaweed juice, calling it the 'Secret Dugong Surfing Elixir', it seemed to have some measure
of placebo effect, as Luffy then managed to outsurf Shogun Octavio. Because it was funny,
probably.
Octavio himself had conceded that Luffy was the better surfer, but pledged that he would

return to restore his honor one day. Thankfully, we were allowed to leave in peace. We came
away from this with many a prize: a medal Luffy got from Octavio; several bags of
doubloons Nami had legitimately won via betting, to her delight; several samples of octopus
ink that Usopp used to replace the defective solution that caused Lassoo to misfire during the
defense; a tome with the history of the Shogunate that Robin was eagerly reading (evidently,
it was only 300 years old!); and a chest of their finest saltwater taffy.
My anticipation came in handy as I managed to snatch up a handful just before Luffy
consumed the whole thing in a second. Chest included. What in the sam fu-? You know what,
forget it. I'll just share what I got with Nami later, in case the rubberman thought to eat it
right out of my hand.
"Well," Robin began, looking up from the book and breaking the silence. "It would seem that
we've managed to return to some semblance of normalcy."
*THUNK*
"…why would you say that, Robin?" I groaned, facepalming. "Why would you invoke the
Father of Chaos?"
Robin gave me a bemused look. "'Father of Chaos'?" she queried.
"Murphy, of course."
"Ahh, of course."
"Oooh, check it out!" Cross grinned like a madman, having found the skull that had thunk'd
onto the deck. "Look, I'm Hamlet! 'Alas, poor Yorick, how I knew thee!"
"I knew him. Horatio! A fellow of infinite jest, of most excellent fancy!" Soundbite added.
Most of the crew gaped in equal parts shock and horror at Cross' macabre humor. Robin
made use of a bookmark and got up to approach him. "Mister Jeremiah, while I appreciate
your taste in literature-"
"Eh… my tastes are actually more modern." Cross wiggled his palm. "I just know the
highlights, is all."
"Nevertheless, where did that skull come from?"
That just made him grin wider. "And now I'm Sherlock Holmes! 'When you eliminate the
impossible, whatever is left, however improbable, must be the truth.'"
"ELEMENTARY, MY DEAR WATSON!" Soundbite concurred.
Robin just glanced at Soundbite in confusion, trying to process these references. Until Cross
pointed up, and when Robin followed his finger, the blood rapidly left her face. "...Miss
Nefertari, I am now inclined to agree with you, and I will make every effort to be more

considerate of what I say from now on if we survive this." she said in a very deliberately calm
voice.
Everyone else, myself included, joined her in looking skyward, and… Jesus
Tapdancing Christ…
"Willy Karen was right!" Cross giggled deranged, grinning wildly. "Anything man can
imagine is a possibility in reality! PFFFHAHAHAHAHAHAAAA!!"
"CROSS, YOU SON OF A-!"
And just like that, Chicken Little was proven right, and the sky fell.
…Well, more accurately, a ship fell, but the analogy still works.
Between the flying debris, the remains of the ship's crew flung about, and the Merry tossed
on the waves like a roller coaster, the falling ship made for a hectic few minutes of pure
panic. Except for Cross, anyway. He was laughing his sorry loudmouth ass off. Eventually,
the waves settled again, and we finally got a moment to calm the hell down.
"Pfffthahahahaaaaa!" Cross wheezed semi-hysterically, spread-eagled on the deck. "That
was awesome! Oh my God, I love this crew so-oo-oooo much! Say, can we go agai-GYERK!"
He found himself cut off by Vivi bodily tackling him and throttled him, bouncing his skull off
the deck repeatedly.
"You. Will. Shut. Up. And. Stop. Causing. Things. Like. This. TO. HAPPEN!" she shrieked
hysterically. She was stopped by Carue bodily dragging her off, with difficulty.
"Thank you, Carue." Cross wheezed, massaging his throat.
"Don' thank me, Cwoss, I'm with her, you're nuts!"
"Well, in that case, screw you. And Vivi? In case you've forgotten, it's on Captain's orders
that I've been keeping my mouth shut in the first place!"
"What the hell are you-?" Vivi began, before he indicated our crew's newest member, who
busied herself studying the galleon wreck. "...ah."
"Yeah…" Cross nodded in agreement. "And besides, the whole mystery about this is about to
become obvious in three… two… one…"
"YEAA-MMPH?!"
Nami had been about to belt out a screech of terror, but I anticipated that, and stopped it by
quickly covering her mouth.
"Let's use our words, sweetheart." I soothed. "Rather than force Chopper to constantly treat
us for tinnitus."

She glowered at me, but nodded. I lowered my hand, and she instantly spoke. "I think the
Log Pose is broken!"
"WHAT?!" Vivi panicked, grabbing Nami's wrist to eye level. "Oh, nonononononon- huh?
Wait a second…" She peered just a little bit closer at our navigation tool. "Uh, Nami, what
are you talking about? The Log Pose is fine; no cracked glass, needle base unbent, practically
pristine."
"At a guess, you believe it's broken because the needle is pointing upwards, right?" I
commented, looking at the Pose myself.
"Of course! How else do you explain it?!"
"Sky Island."
Nami looked at me like I'd grown a second head. "Have you lost your mind?"
"On the contrary." Robin interjected. "I've spent the last decade or so traveling these waters,
and in all that time, a malfunctioning Log Pose has never occurred. A Sky Island is the most
likely conclusion."
Nami turned a pleading look to the Princess. "Vivi, please tell me you're not seriously
believing this?"
Vivi grimaced. "As much as I hate to say it-" She briefly shot a murderous glare at the eversmiling Robin. "And believe me, I do… The fact is, given the general insanity that is the
norm for the Grand Line, I'm afraid I believe it."
"Urgh, I'm surrounded by idiots…" Nami groaned, rubbing her forehead.
"So, what else IS NEW?" Soundbite piped up with a grin. "Besides, how else do
you EXPLAIN THAT SHIP FALLING FROM the sky?"
"Hey, look at you being all smart and logical and stuff!" Cross grinned, pointing at the snail.
"Uh, actually," Donny spoke up, flipper in the air. "I can probably explain that. Has anyone
here heard of a Knock-Up Stream?"
"I believe so." I replied. "Isn't that the natural disaster that happens when underwater caverns
fill with gas, till the pressure is too much, it begins to break open, forms a whirlpool, then
blasts a titanic geyser miles into the air?"
"Exactly! They're easily strong enough to send a ship flying higher than the clouds, maybe
even an island. Everyone see what I'm getting at?"
The crew started to nod in understanding, until…

"OBJECTION!" Cross yelled firmly, slamming his hands down on a crate, followed by a…
suspiciously familiar bgm.
"GAH!" Donny yelped, jerking back in panic. "W-What-?!"
"Cross, what are you even on about?" Zoro asked wearily. "Objection to what?"
"To Donny's explanation, of course!" Cross replied, pointing at the purple-clad dugong.
"There is a huge contradiction in his testimony!"
"'Testimony'?" Usopp, Nami, and Vivi repeated in confusion.
'Ooohhh, Christ. We're in a Phoenix Wright parody all of a sudden. Well, this should be
amusing, for a little while at least.'
Robin, meanwhile, tilted her head with a smile that said she was going to roll with this new
development. "A contradiction you say, Mister Tact- Hm?" She tilted her head questioningly
before shrugging in acceptance. "Very well, then. A contradiction you say, Mister Lawyer?
And what, pray tell, would that be?"
"Hmph! Really now, it's completely obvious when you examine the statement! Cross sniffed,
holding up an unrelated piece of paper and tapping it with the back of his hand.
"Uh, Cross, where did you- MMPH?!" Chopper jumped in confusion as Luffy clapped his
hands over the reindeer's mouth.
"Shhh, quiet, this is getting good!"
"As was clearly stated earlier," Cross continued. "A Knock-Up Stream is heralded by a
massive maelstrom of water draining into the seabed, followed soon after by a gargantuan
pillar of water exploding into the air! HOWEVER!" He snapped a finger at Donny, making
him flinch again. "We saw no such maelstrom or pillar anywhere near us! If it had occurred,
we would have obviously borne witness to it! Thus, the obvious conclusion we can draw is
that it was not the Knock-Up Stream that caused the ship to fall on us!"
"Grk!" Donny jolted with a stricken expression, taken aback.
Soundbite took the sounds of the crew muttering in agreement, and turned it into an
incomprehensible mess.
Donny raised a flipper, regaining his bearings. "Uh, actually - huh?" The staff-wielder tilted
his head in confusion. "What? But that doesn't-! Why should I-?! But, But-! Ergh, fine, fine! I
can't believe I'm doing this… alright, let's just get this over with. HOLD IT!" he barked,
snapping a finger up at Cross.
Cross jerked back in over-exaggerated shock. "GAH!"
Robin graced the purple-clad dugong with an amused smile. "You have something to say,

Mister Prosecutor?"
"Mister Prose- why are you playing along with this maddening charade?!" Donny hissed,
flailing in desperation.
"What, you mean you aren't having fun?" Robin asked innocently.
Donny's eye twitched furiously as he groaned, then turned back to Cross. "Alright, look, I
wanted to say that the Knock-Up Stream is a massively powerful force of nature! Chances are
that it could have struck the ship miles from here, far away from line-of-sight, and flung it at
us!" Donny slammed his flippers down on a barrel. "There's no reason to think that the ship
came from anywhere else!"
"GYERK!" Cross flinched back, the crew now muttering again.
"Hmmm… Mister Prosecutor does make a valid point…" Robin mused, rubbing her chin
thoughtfully. "Your rebuttal, Mister Lawyer? If you cannot come up with an explanation, I
will have no choice but to pass my verdict now."
"Wait, what 'verdict'?" Vivi questioned in confusion. "What in the world is going on?"
"I have no idea…" Nami sighed, massaging her temples once more.
"We're in the middle of an unexpected parody of something from back home called 'Phoenix
Wright: Attorney at Law'." I explained in a hushed tone. "It's a good way to keep things
entertaining, at least."
"It does put on a good show…" Usopp shrugged.
Cross hemmed and hawed nervously, trying to come up with an explanation.
"It's over, Cross!" Donny gloated with a cocky expression. "You don't have any more angles
you can exploit!"
Cross blinked in realization, then jabbed his finger at the dugong with a, "HOLD IT!"
"You have something to say, Mister Lawyer?" Robin asked.
"Indeed I do! For you see, there is still one angle I can exploit in this case!"
"Huh-Wha?!" Donny yelped.
"Allow me to elaborate." Cross spoke, tapping his paper again. "As you'll recall, my
opponent suggested that the ship could've fallen here due to being flung by a Knock-Up
Stream. However, there is evidence that contradicts this assertion!" He pointed straight up.
"The angle of the ship's descent itself!"
"Wh-What?!"

"If we were to fling an object forwards from us, that object would travel for a distance before
falling back down due to gravity. However, due to its own velocity, it would not fall straight
down. Rather…" Cross snapped a finger at the amphibious mammal. "It would fall on a
curve!"
"A-A curve?" Donny repeated. "But w-what does that- GRK! N-No, no you can't mean-!"
"Ah, so you understand!" Cross smirked victoriously. "While flung objects descend on a
downward curve, the ship that fell on us fell straight downwards! Hence, your assertion that
it could've been flung here by a Knock-Up Stream is physically impossible!"
"GAH!" Donny recoiled, visibly stricken.
"Furthermore-!"
*SLAM*
"GYAH!" Cross jumped in shock as Nami cracked her Clima-Tact over his crate.
"Get to the point, or I'll lodge my objection in your skulls." she growled impatiently.
"Maaan, and it was just getting good…" Mikey complained.
*SLAM*
"Anyone else have anything they want to add?" Nami seethed, standing over a thoroughly
concussed dugong.
"I mean, you are kinda being a spoilspor- OW!" I tried to speak up, only for Nami to clock
me over the head. "Violent woman!"
She only gave me a glare in response.
"Ugh, fine, I'll finish this. The ship fell straight down, so that can only mean it fell off
something from above. Is it crazy? Sure, good point. However, counterpoint… we are on
THE GRAND LINE. Crazy is relative. Also the norm. So our top priority should be finding a
way up there. Right, Cross?"
Cross blinked. "Uh, y-yeah, exactly! Well said!"
"The evidence is clear." Robin stated firmly, holding up her gavel. "The court rules in favor
of the defendant, Mister Jeremiah Cross. Case-!"
Nami got right up in Robin's face with a growl. "Put that hammer back wherever the hell it
came from, or so help me…!"
Robin slowly lowered her hand with a carefully neutral expression. Nami then turned her

glare on Soundbite to make him stop the soundtrack. "Good. Now, the best place to get
information on… ergh, Sky Island… is from the ship that came from it in the first place, so-!"
"Hey, guys!" Luffy waved from part of the wreck he'd begun clambering over. "You gotta
check this out, there's something really cool over here!"
"Yeah, I got something over here too!" Usopp called from yet another part of it.
"Oh? Alright, let's see then!" Reiju piped up, going to join them.
Nami's expression turned near-demonic. "Have you ever just wanted to take a lighter and set
the whole world on fire?" she hissed at Robin.
Robin took on a slightly far-off look. "Every day for the past twenty years…" she breathed
wistfully.
"I know just what you mean…" I sighed with contempt. "Back home, for the past ten years or
so, I've occasionally wanted nothing more than to burn that fucker to the ground."
That got Nami and Robin to pause in their own musings. "Wait, really? I thought you told me
that…" Nami quickly glanced at Robin. "Your home was… comparatively normal?"
"Oh, it is. But shit has taken such a turn in that timeframe that it simultaneously enrages and
depresses me. Far as the leadership goes? Kill them all. Let God sort them out."
The two women blinked in stereo. "What exactly is your homeland again?" Robin asked
slowly.
I was silent for a few moments. "...America." I replied. "East Blue Island Nation cozied up to
the edge of the Calm Belt. Relatively out of the way."
Robin gave me a skeptical look, but dropped the issue. She instead turned her attentions to
analyzing a corpse that fell aboard, discovering the name of the ship, St Briss, and her
origins. Intriguing, yet mildly disturbing, given how easily Robin handled the remains.
Sadly, the wreck could only float for so long, and eventually slipped under the waves. The
Dugongs had to scramble to save our hammer of a Captain as-is. We did manage to pull
something useful, though. A map of a sky island.
"Skypeia…" Nami breathed, looking over the weathered map in her hands.
"We did it!" Luffy whooped, dancing about with Usopp and Chopper. "We're actually going
to a Sky Island!"
"Sky Island, Sky Island, we're all going to Sky Island!" the other two sang out.
"So, Robin," I began. "Any thoughts on how we get up there?"

"Well, I've never seen it myself." she replied thoughtfully. "But to my knowledge, it's more
than just an island; there's an entire sea up above us."
"Alright," Nami sighed in resignation. "Assuming this is all true, how are we supposed to get
to the sky in the first place?"
"Hard to say…" Vivi mused, cupping her chin. "I imagine that, with enough expertise, a
ship could be engineered to somehow, well, reach the clouds… but the fact remains that the
St. Briss looked like a normal ship, so there must be some way up there…"
"What about what Donny said?" Raiju spoke up. "If the Knock-Up Stream is powerful
enough to lift ships, maybe it could help us get to the sky?"
"A good idea, but I doubt it's that simple." Robin shrugged. "We just don't have enough
information to act on right now. Perhaps there could be more information on the St. Briss?"
Nami nodded firmly. "Then we'll just have to salvage it!"
"You're insane." Zoro responded flatly, after a pause.
"You do weawize dat the St. Bwiss outweighed da Mewwy almost ten pwanks ta one,
wight?!" Carue concurred.
"That's right…" Cross nodded slowly, before clapping his hands firmly. "So, if we can't bring
the ship to us, then we go to it. Usopp, we need diving suits, on the double!"
"Now, hold on there." Boss interrupted. "Why don't you just let my students and I go down? I
mean, we can't breathe underwater, no, but we can hold 'em long enough to fake it! What's
wrong with us going down and getting what we need ourselves?"
"Simple!" Cross shot back. "Youre going down to explore a recently sunken wreck that was
presumably packed with dozens of human corpses."
I nodded. "Those corpses will thus lure in something incredibly dangerous, like-!"
*SPLOOSH*
Suddenly, and without warning, a massive fish-like Sea King with a big ol' dorsal fin
breached, getting some not-so-fresh corpse, as well as one of a flock of passing… were those
pteranodons?
"SO!" Cross continued, as the Sea King went back under. "You're gonna need more dugongs,
or more muscle, if you wanna make it down there without becoming intimately familiar with
the internal anatomy of a Sea King." He turned to Usopp again. "So, about those diving
suits?"
As Usopp got to work jury-rigging a diving rig and suits, and Cross pulled Boss aside, I
excused myself, saying I'd try to check for anything of use in my Fortress. I portaled out, and

into the control room. I took the controls, and I made an attempt to lock on to Angel Island. It
would be incredibly off to leave Merry behind on the Blue Sea, but if it worked, it would be
the fastest way up there and back down. Also, it would keep her from taking any damage
from the trip both ways.
Unfortunately, I spent a long time trying for nothing, as while the system could detect them, it
seemed to be incapable of registering Angel Island (or any of the other sky islands) as solid
ground, and thus wouldn't put a portal on them. Upper Yard itself was…spotty, probably
because it was inundated with cloudstuff. I tried hard to override it, but the Fortress Portal
was stubborn, and all I could do was slam my fists into the console, and scream,
"AAARRRGGGHHH, DAYUMN!"
I was interrupted in my frustrations by a familiarping!

You have earned an Item Roll!

1. Bezel's Charm of Electrokinesis (Ben 10)​
2. Ruyi Bang & Jingu Bang (RWBY)​
3. Capricorn's Key (Fairy Tail)​
4. Throwing Axe (Castlevania)​
5. Hermes Multivitamins (Percy Jackson)​
6. Dark Boots (D.Gray-Man)​
7. Hardy-Daytona (Final Fantasy)​
8. Expanded Suitcase (Harry Potter)​
9. Relic of Knowledge (RWBY)​
10. Hekatonkheires (Akame ga Kiru)​
11. Barrel of Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder (Harry Potter)​
12. Medusa's Head (Percy Jackson)​
13. Keldabe-Class Battleship (Star Wars)​
14. Grand Supreme Kai's Art of Four Sacred Beasts (Dragon Ball)​
15. Ornithopter (Dune)​
16. The Doomslayer's Crucible (DOOM)​
17. Rabbit Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)
18. AMP Suit (Avatar)​
19. HK-47 (Star Wars)​
20. Rokushiki, Intermediate (One Piece)​

Alriiiight, we got some new stuff to play with! The Keldabe could be a nice force-multiplier,

plus I get a freaking starship! The Ornithopter could be an excellent alternative to get to
Angel Island, depending on if I could choose a passenger model. Oh well, let's see what we
get. I tossed my die, and watched it roll to a stop… on one.

Bezel's Charm of Electrokinesis (Ben 10)
One of six charms created by the Master Wizard Bezel in a quest for magical power,
their constant creation, destruction, and re-creation softened the veil of reality
separating the prime dimension and Ledgerdomain, leading to the birth of more
magical humans. This charm in particular grants the wielder the ability to create,
generate, control and manipulate all forms of electrical energy at will.​

Huh… Well, that's somewhat disappointing. Actually... very useful, especially considering
who we were facing next. I decided the best idea would be to take it, and as the small purpleand-pink charm manifested in my hand, I placed it in one of my cloak's seemingly
uncountable pockets.
Before I left, I decided to check on one of my other latest acquisitions, the Droid Factory. The
elevator brought me down, and I beheld in awe a factory reminiscent of the primary foundry
found on Geonosis. Hell, half of the massive space in here was dedicated to what I assumed
were the places for the droid armies to be placed once completed. There was no way this all
fit naturally into my DOOM Fortress, so some 'Bigger On The Inside' BS was in play here.
I found my way to what seemed to be the control room, and looked over everything. The
blueprints showed a myriad of potentially useful Droids to make. More importantly, I also
had a Central Control Computer already set to go, meaning I could make the networked
Droids from Phantom Menace! Heck, I think they were used in Attack of the Clones, too,
since the dumbass AI from The Clone Wars wasn't showing. The main weakness of this
model was how the Control Ship in orbit was effectively a sitting duck that would take the
armies out with it if destroyed.
However… Nobody on this world can get up here without my say-so. Thus, weakness
neutralized!
I began to scan the planet for any unimportant, resource-rich islands to mine for resources for
my droids, but then my brain hatched an idea… and I turned the sensors outward. Lo and
behold, this system had an asteroid belt relatively near the planet! I wonder if this is where
Fujitora would get his meteors from? Either way, the asteroids all read as hilariously rich in
most, if not all, the resources I needed. So, I gave orders to the mining ships to head out and
begin operations.
After watching the ships leave, I decided enough was enough, and portaled back down to the

Merry. Just in time for the ship to start rocking, and to hear a huge scream from Usopp. I
hurried out on deck, and got a look at the massive friggin sea turtle that had surfaced between
our ship, and a ship I recognized as belonging to the Masira Salvage Pirates.
Cross chuckled. "So, what does it say about my life so far that I can say without a doubt
that that is the second biggest sea turtle any of us have ever seen?"
"WILL YOU ACTUALLY BE SERIOUS FOR A MOMENT?!" Usopp sobbed in panic.
"Usopp's right, Cross!" Vivi concurred desperately. "The guys' air hoses are hanging out of
that thing's mouth!"
"DEY'RE GONNA BE EATEN!" Carue squawked, wings flapping frantically. "DEN WHO'LL
FIGHT DA STUPIDWY TOUGH MONSTAHS?!"
"Yo." I said blandly, hand raised.
"Oh, hey, Evan." Cross greeted casually. "Any luck with your thing?"
I sighed in frustration. "Sadly, no. Portal is being a stubborn bastard. Got the Factory started,
though."
"Alright, don't panic, don't panic, don't panic!" Chopper hyperventilated, jackhammering
hooves to forehead. "I-I-I just need to make a Sea King-grade emetic! Quick! Get me five
hundred CCs of freshwater, a thousand kilograms of fecal matter, AND A SYRINGE THE
SIZE OF A-!"
*THWACK*
"OW! …thank you."
"No problem." Cross shrugged, spinning his baton back into his pocket. "Besides, I don't
think we need to bother trying to make it spit up the ship."
"Oh, so the boys will be fine, then?" Reiju asked.
"Yes, they'll be fine. No, we don't need to cut the lines to save Merry, we just need something
really shocking to make it drop its jaw. Like, say… night suddenly falling."
As he said this, a cloud began moving very rapidly, and the sky turned dark, a facsimile to the
night.
I whistled. "Nice timing, dude."
"What can I say?" Cross shrugged. "It's a gift."
"So, wait, why is it night all of a sudden?" Reiju asked in confusion.

"Oh, it's not actually night, it's just a cloud formation."
"What kind of cloud formation is that thick?!" Nami demanded.
Cross let a devilish grin creep onto his face. "I think I'll save it for when the others get back."
*SPLOOSH-CRASH*
"HA!" he exclaimed as Luffy landed unconscious on deck, Chopper rushing to resuscitate
him. "Two in a row, Booyah! Can a brotha-?" *CHOMP* "YEOW!"
"Watch it, white trash."
"...yeah, that's fair."
"Hey, guys." Zoro saluted, as he, Sanji, and the Dugongs clambered aboard, toting loot-laden
bags. "You didn't think to mention the turtle?" he asked Cross.
"I didn't think it mattered." Cross shrugged indifferently.
"He does have a point." Boss pointed out.
"Mmrgh…" Zoro finally grunted in agreement.
"But-But-But, how did you guys get out?" Usopp sputtered.
"Look, the turtle's mouth is open!" Vivi pointed out.
"Yeah, we noticed that on our way out." Raphy shrugged. "Weird, huh?"
"Yeah…" Carue mused. "It awmost wooks… scawed?"
"PFHWOO!!" / "QUACK!"
Carue was interrupted by Luffy jerking up with a gasp as he spat up a lungful of seawater,
before blinking stupidly in surprise. "Oh, I'm alive. That's nice." He sent a look upward.
"Huh? What's it all dark out for?"
"Not nighttime, Luffy, just some cloud cover." Cross reassured. "If you think normal clouds
cast some nice shade, this is what entire seas of them are capable of!"
Nami had the blood drain from her face as she mouthed 'seas of them'. Her gaze slowly
turned upwards, and she breathed out, "No way…"
"Oh, yes way, sweetheart." I smirked, hand on her shoulder. "That ship came from an outlier
of that big bastard, but that's the main body, right there."
"That's right, and it's not even the only one in the world either!" Cross added.

Nami worked her jaw helplessly for a moment before clenching it shut. "Well… that's me
told… so, will something here help us get up there, then?" She gestured weakly at the bags of
relics the crew had gathered.
"Eh…" Cross wavered his hand. "Something Luffy picked up will be useful in the long run,
and I'm sure that Robin will appreciate the chance to look over some two-hundred-year-old
relics-"
"Oh, yes indeed…" Robin mused, eyeing the bags and licking her lips hungrily.
"-while also seeing if we can fetch a nice price from collectors for barely water-damaged
South Blue Antiquities, buuut…" He shrugged helplessly. "The fact is, we'll be getting the
help we need from a who, not a what."
*SPLOOSH*
Just in time, a massive hand suddenly reached up, grasping Merry's railing before hauling up
a large, simian-like man onto the deck. "Whoo, that was scary! You guys alright?"
Most of us stared blankly at Masira, then turned those stares onto Cross.
"You'll thank me later." Cross preened, turning to the salvager. "And we're fine, thanks. But
you should probably tell your guys to cut your salvage cradle loose before you lose your ship,
no?"
Masira stiffened, then scowled. "Oh, yeah… damn it, that thing cost us a fortune! Gonna
wreck the budget, Shoujou's really going to let me have it. But I guess there's nothing we can
do against a monster that big. Alright, boys, I know it's a tragedy, but cut loose the cradle!"
However, all his crew did was shiver and stammer incoherently. "Huh? Guys, what's wrong?"
"C-C-Captain, l-l-l-look!"
We all followed the gaze of the Masira crew and BY GRABTHAR'S HAMMER.
I already knew for certain that it was just a perspective issue, but I just about shat a sideways
brick at the sight of the Shandians' shadows. They were just that massive. I barely made out
the sound of Cross adding fuel to the terror-fire.
The silence continued for a few seconds more, until one of the Shandians' spears twitched,
making Soundbite scream in falsetto.
"MOOOONSTEEEEEERS!!!"
With that final mass exclamation, the Going Merry set some sea-speed records.

~BtWwG~​

After we'd calmed down, and Cross had gotten a couple of just deserts, he asked Masira
about finding help, and offered to introduce us to his boss on Jaya who could help us with
reaching sky island. Afterward, Cross soothed Nami's fury by gifting her with the wrecked
waver, to her delight. The moment was almost ruined when a trio of shot seagulls hit the
deck, courtesy of Teach's crackshot, Van Auger. Cross even taunted him, the moron.
More the moron, while experimenting with some Dials, he ended up burning some clothes…
that Vivi, Nami, and Reiju happened to be wearing at the time. I just about kept Sanji from
killing him, and while he rested off the injuries he received, he started up yet another SBS.
He dedicated part of it to the Whitebeard Pirates, and followed it up with a lecture on the
evils of slavery. Likely winning some points with several people all over. I even began
getting ideas about putting together a segment of my own on the SBS…
At last, after several long hours of sailing, we finally reached our next stopoff point. The isle
of broken dreams, Jaya. We began to approach the madhouse that was Mock Town. "We've
really got no other choice but to dock here?" Cross asked despondently, scanning the other
ships around us. It wasn't the first time he'd asked either.
Sanji sighed a smoke cloud. "We haven't mysteriously generated any new vegetables since
you last asked, Cross. I know you don't like it, but we need to resupply. Still…" He grimaced
darkly at the poor state of the settlement. "I'll admit that I doubt anything we pick up will
be quality material."
"Alright, if there's no other choice…" Cross sighed. "Pass this on to the rest of the crew: if
you see a sick old man beside a sick horse, an arrogant masked wrestler, or a fat hairy man
with missing teeth, steer the hell clear if you want to live."
Sanji gave a cocky look. "What, you don't think we can take 'em?"
I leveled a flat look at the cook. "Considering they're the crewmates of the sniper who saw
Cross flip him off from miles away, I'mma say no. Also, don't ask what the sniper looks like,
it doesn't matter since he can kill you before you could see him."
"Ahhh, son of a bitch…" Cross bemoaned. We turned to look at what Cross had spotted, and I
stiffened in recognition at the ship we saw. Not the vessel itself, but the second Jolly Roger

beneath the crew's primary. The crossed-out smiley face of the Donquiote Familia. I raised
my hand, and just about stopped myself from burning the fucking thing. The memories I still
retained from what I knew of the fucking flamingo were overwhelming and infuriating me,
enough to miss some of what the others were saying.
"I don't think I wanna dock here anymore…" Usopp whimpered uncomfortably.
A second later, a blood-curdling scream rang out from the town, then devolved into a bloody
gurgle. Nobody batted an eye whatsoever.
"Now I really don't wanna dock here anymore…" he sobbed miserably.
"Oh, I don't know…" Robin chuckled. "Personally, I find chaos-ridden locales to be quite…
comforting." She then shrugged, and leapt down onto the dock. "Well, I'll be off. I'm afraid
that if I continue borrowing from the ladies' wardrobes, one of them is going to try and
murder me in my sleep." Then she smirked. "Well, maybe not Reiju. Pretty sure she'd
have other plans…"
"Wait, Robin-chwan, you can't go out there alone!" Sanji cried out as Robin slipped into the
crowd with practiced ease, preparing to dive in himself.
"Trust me, Sanji," Cross replied, grabbing Sanji's leg to hold him still. "She knows how to
take care of herself."
The chef didn't get a retort, as the sound of snapping bone and cartilage coupled with a
scream rang out, followed by some ragged-looking muscleman stumbling into view,
clutching a thoroughly broken hand and fingers.
I chuckled darkly. "Twenty years of practice, you can be damn sure she'll be alright."
Soundbite whistled in awe. "And that's the one we CAN SEE. THAT'S JUST COLDBLOODED."
Snaji hesitated before sighing in defeat. "Yeah, alright, fair enough, buuut I still need to
resupply, so!" He leapt down to the dock. "I'll be seeing you guys later!"
"Wait up!" Raphey barked out, flipping off the ship and landing right next to Sanji. "Take me
with you." She pleaded desperately. "I'll be a pack mule if need be, but if I stay on this ship
with those numbnuts any longer, someone is gonna get their shell cracked!"
Sanji blinked in surprise, then shrugged and gestured forward. "Very well, then. After you,
milady!"
Raphey snorted, wriggling her way down the dock. "Believe me, lover boy, I'm a lot of
things, but 'lady' isn't one of 'em." Thus, the duo made their way into Mock Town.
Usopp swallowed uncomfortably as he watched them leave. "Alright, so I guess that just
leaves Zoro, Luffy, Masira-"

Then suddenly, and without warning, Masira's huge form blew past everyone, crashing onto
the docks and splintering the planks, before running into town. "Ook Kee Kee! Come on,
Luffy! Let me show you around! The place is nuts, but it can also be fun!"
"Shishishi!" Luffy snickered, hot on Masira's tail (figuratively and literally). "Wait for me,
gorilla-guy!"
Usopp swallowed again as they vanished. "Ah… okay… still… at least Boss is here-"
"I'm afraid that is in-co-rrect, Usopp!" the flak-jacket dugong barked from the Merry's
railing. "Sorry to tell you this, but the fact is that my old rope-dart's starting to get on in age,
and if I'm going to be fighting in the future, then I'm gonna need to go out and get myself a
new one, like a man!" He snapped out a salute. "Wish me luck!" With that, he backflipped
into the bay and out of sight.
Another heavy gulp from a visibly sweating Usopp precluded him turning a nervous smile
toward Cross and I. "At least… you two, a-and Zoro-?"
Cross winced guiltily, scratching the back of his head. "About that…"
"ARE YOU SERIOUS RIGHT NOW?!"
"Sorrry, Usopp." Nami spoke, coming up to us. "But we've got things we need to talk about.
"And you can't do that here?!"
Nami opened her mouth, then closed it again, giving we two earthlings a questioning look.
"Actually, why can't we do it here, and just use the storage room?"
Cross shrugged. "Maybe, but I wouldn't put it past her to pull off dropping eaves somehow,
especially after Mister Three managed it. Besides, it's easy to eavesdrop when it's silent. If
you don't wanna be overheard, go where too many people are making noise." Cross paused in
thought. "Then again, we could use Evan's tent. Nothing inside can be heard by anyone
outside."
I cocked an eyebrow. "You really want to hold this meeting in the tent Nami and I regularly
use for our lovemaking?" Nami blushed lightly at that.
Cross, however, mildly blanched. "Good point. Loud, public place it is. Besides, you'll
be fine, Usopp. Just pull up the gangplank and shoot anyone who tries to board. Hell, you'll
have three of the TDWS, Chopper, and Lassoo to help."
Usopp pointedly glanced behind him, where Lassoo loudly snored the day away, Chopper
engrossed himself in his chemistry set, twitching occasionally. The three dugongs were
arguing over… something…
Something unserious, given Mikey began noogie-ing Donny in a chokehold.

"How comforting." he spat.
"Oh, for the love of…" I sighed in exasperation. "Reiju, are you willing to stick around for
the sake of this 'fraidy-cat?"
Reiju pouted cutely. "Well, I was looking forward to exploring on my own for a bit, but I
suppose I can change my plans…"
"Hey, are we ready to go?" Vivi asked, coming up onto the foredeck with Zoro. She'd
changed to a dark yellow polo shirt with elbow-length sleeves, and blue jean shorts reaching
mid-thigh; her hair was in her normal ponytail, and her exposed arms wore a small variety of
bracelets.
"Yeah, just about." Cross nodded in agreement. He turned to Usopp. Hey, did you manage to
finish that thing before we got here?"
"Yeah, yeah. Here." Usopp fished out a bundle from his overall pockets, which Cross opened
up into a cap. One he took from a Marine in Rainbase, and that Tashigi ended up returning to
him after initially taking back. It was given a more pirate-y makeover, black and emblazoned
with a white crossbones superimposed by a cross moline. It went well with his fit, an
unzipped dark-brown hooded vest, over long-sleeve white t-shirt with a bull-skull design;
along with a pair of black cargo jeans, whose legs went into his greaves.
They weren't the only ones with a new fit. I had No Face May King, of course, and beneath
that, a loose burgundy t-shirt, light gray cargo shorts, and a pair of dark grey combat shoes.
Along with the Shroud of Eden acting as a sword sash for Zangetsu.
"SNAZZY if a bit gangsta, BUT YOU PULL IT OFF!" Soundbite whistled approvingly.
"You think so?"
"Yeah, it's not bad." Nami nodded in agreement. "The headphones and cap go well together."
Well, alright then!" Cross said, clapping his hands together. "Come on, guys, let's head out!"

~BtWwG~​

The bar in which we chose to hold our meeting was thankfully free of anyone from the two
crews we wished to avoid. A couple of pricks tried to pick a fight, but they were pathetic in
comparison. We remained undisturbed, and with drinks on the house to bribe us into not
wrecking shit anymore.
With a snap of Cross' fingers, Soundbite immediately put up his audio barrier technique to
give us privacy. "Robin's clear on the other SIDE OF THE TOWN." he added. "It's now or
never."
Cross nodded in acknowledgement, and looked at the others. "Alright, this is as good as it's
gonna get. Go ahead and ask us whatever you want."
Immediately, Vivi slapped her palm on the table and leaned forward with an accusing glare…
at me?! I thought it was Cross she was angry at, what the hell?!
"Why her, Evan?" she demanded. "After all she's done, why let her join? Hell,
you invited her, for Sobek's sake!"
…ah. I did do that, didn't I? "Look…" I started with a sigh, rubbing my temples. "Robin
really does belong on our crew, she's not actually a bad person-"
"NOT A BAD PERSON?" Vivi snapped. "She's an assassin!"
"Darling, she's right." Nami agreed. "Robin worked for Crocodile, helped him try
to ruin Alabasta."
"You're assuming she had a choice?" I retorted. "She didn't join Baroque Works willingly.
She effectively had a gun to her head… problem is, Sandile wasn't the one holding it."
Zoro narrowed his eyes. "What are you talking about, Evan?"
"Remember what I said about her, back when we just left Alabasta?" The wind came out of
most of the others' sails as they recalled me explaining myself. "She had a vial of water at the
ready. She was prepared for the day Croc-o-shit would backstab her; she never trusted him."
Cross took over, leaning in and eyeing each of our crewmates in turn. "I hope you see what
that means. It means that he was her best option, her only option." Cross grit his teeth, likely
recalling the horrible scenes that I now was. "Can you understand what we're saying here?
Can you comprehend the situation being described, where working for Crocodile, knowing
damn well he intends to kill you once he's done with you, is the only option left available to
you?"
Nami and Vivi went white as the realization swept over them, and even Zoro tensed up.
"Seems that you do. Now, let me spell things out: Vivi, in spite of your current situation,
Robin would gladly trade her life for yours in a second. You may not be able to go home right

now, but you might get to sometime in the future. The World Government took your friends,
family and home from you, but at least they still exist." He leaned back in his seat, crossing
his arms with a sigh. "Robin doesn't get that luxury. No family left, no friends left, not even a
goddamn island to go back to, much less a home."
He blew out a harsh breath, scratching the back of his head. "And because of that
stupid, stupid bounty on her head… we are very much the first friends she'll have had
in twenty years. The first home, the first place she can lay her head down and
sleep without fearing for her life. The only reason she ever became an assassin in the first
place was that it was the only way she could survive."
"I'm telling you all right now," I continued, giving each of our audience a firm look. "Had I
not been there… she was ready to lay down and die, if Luffy and I hadn't talked her out of it.
She's hit rock bottom. She's desperate, and has nowhere else to turn but to us. That woman is
a good person, you hear? A good person, upon whom the whole world has repeatedly shat,
day in and day out, over twenty. Fuckmothering. Years." I slammed a fist into the table in
equal parts anger and emphasis. "She's absolutely earned a place in our crew, got it?
She deserves to sail with us. Period."
Nami looked ashen but ready to agree, Vivi appeared to be about to vomit, but Zoro was
unreadable, switching his gaze back and forth between us. "What are we not getting told
here?" he quietly demanded.
Cross shook his head firmly. "What we're withholding is what we have no right to tell you.
It's as much her story as Kuina and Belle-mere are yours. Nami and Zoro twitched. "Just
know that she'll tell us eventually, and when she does, Evan and I will tell her all about where
our knowledge comes from. Alright?"
Zoro and Nami nodded, but Vivi was silent. Then she asked, "Can we trust her, guys?"
"Let me put it this way." Cross said, hands spread apart. "She won't give us any reason to
mistrust her if we do the same. And if she ever does double-cross us, I guarantee you it won't
be of her own free will."
The Princess was impassively silent for quite some time, stuck in thought, until finally she
sighed and hung her head. "I don't like her… I don't know if I can ever forgive her or trust
her, but I'll give her a chance." She looked up and pinned a shared glare on Cross and I. "And
if anything goes wrong, it'll be as much on your head as it'll be on hers."
I nodded in assent. "Sounds like a fair deal to me."
Cross slid himself out of our booth, stretching his limbs a bit, Soundbite dropping the
obfuscation field. "Welp! I'm gonna go out for a bit, explore the town. Sad to say, this is
gonna be the last bit of peace and quiet we'll see for a while."
Nami facepalmed with a mutter of 'Of course.' before standing up as well. "In that case, I'm
gonna go find Luffy and try to keep him from making too much of a scene."

I mimicked Cross in stretching when getting up. "Well, I'm gonna go back to the Merry and
work on the Chronicle, switch out with Reiju to let her explore too."
"Okay, Darling, make us look good." She reached out and pulled me in for a quick kiss, then
pulled back. "Alright, come on, Zoro."
"Why should I go with you?!"
"Because you owe me so much that I own you."
"AND YOU'D get so lost YOU'D WIND UP back in the East Blue!" Soundbite chortled
eagerly.
"Watch it, slimestain." Zoro growled over our collective laughter.

Chapter 29: Team Straw Hat Is Blasting Off Again!
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"...and then, rather than slowing down, Luffy ran into the lake's edge at all speed, he and the
board sent flying through the air." I wrote in the Chronicle. "Only for the rubberman to
stretch and grab his board, just in time for him to stick the landing… directly atop the helmetclad head of Shogun Octavio himself. The honorable regent, the Lord of the Surf,
could not deny it: he had lost, Luffy had won. After a handful of gifts given, and the promise
of a rematch made, we gave our fondest farewells, and sailed off to our next adventure." I
nodded to myself. "Yeah, that seems good to me! Now, how to chronicle our most recent
endeavors…?"
I had returned to the Merry, which had a few attempted boarders, but no real trouble, and
relieved Reiju of 'walking insurance' duty. I sequestered myself in the lounge with my
Chronicle, and told Usopp and the others to holler if I was absolutely needed. Thus far, even
with many a commotion over time, no call rang out.
"WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED HERE?!" I heard Nami screech from outside.
"Oop, looks like the others are back." I got myself up, closing the Chronicle and setting it
aside. I went out onto the deck, and beheld the small mob of pirates and thugs scattered
about, along with a handful of fishmen. Cross and Vivi stood shocked at the group of Nami,
Luffy and Zoro… probably because the latter two looked like they'd gone ten rounds… with
each other. Could have sworn we'd avoided that, but here we are.
"The hell happened to you two?!" Cross exclaimed.
Nami glared viciously at the impassive duo with her. "For some reason that I cannot fathom,
Luffy decided to do nothing to fight back against a pirate crew that mocked and provoked
them, and ordered Zoro to follow suit." She then caught a look in Cross' eyes, and lurched
forward to grab up his collar. "YOU KNEW?!"
"Knew, but didn't expect, I swear to God!" Cross waved his hands frantically. "Damn it,
so that's why the bar looked a bit beat up when I got there. Why the hell did you guys ask
about Sky Island? I got Masira's help specifically so we could try and avoid this!"
Nami quickly released him and turned away, her fingers digging into her upper arms. "...I
wanted some kind of backup plan in case your plan blew up in our faces again?" she replied
quietly.
Cross began to object, but stopped just as fast. "Harsh… but fair."
I slapped the gangplank back into place, then jumped down to them. "Sweetheart, next
time, maybe come to me first to see if my insight might help?" I suggested.

"...yeah, I suppose so. Now where's Chopper? We need him to patch up these morons,
ASAP!"
Vivi blinked, then started glancing around in worry. "Wait, now that you mention it, where's
Carue?!"
Soundbite crossed his eyes momentarily, then adopted a nervous expression. "Awe you sure
dat dis iz a good idea?"
His expression then turned much more manic. "Do not question my genius! This is better
than a mere 'good idea', there is actually a small but fascinating chance of this actually
working!"
"Aaand that would be the sign to DUCK AND COVER!" Cross yelped, throwing himself to
the dock in a panic. The rest of us followed suit, Raphey hefting her shopping bag and
flinging it high, and Usopp even performed an impressive dive into the water.
*BOOM*
All just in time, as the walls of Merry's storeroom bulged outwards, the portholes shattering
and billowing out pink smoke. Just a few moments later, Chopper and Carue staggered up to
the Merry's railing, coughing their lungs up.
"It wo~orked…" Chopper sang blearily, holding up a vial of… some kind of substance, all
pink and bubbling.
"Somebody save me fwom dis maniac…" Carue moaned.
"I think we're going to need to have a talk with Chopper about when and where is appropriate
for him to perform his more, ah, volatile experiments." Cross glared at the reindeer, eye
twitching. "Any thoughts, Nami?"
She didn't respond, so I turned to look at her, and froze in horror. "Oh, SHIT." There was an
outright aura of rage surrounding her, and her expression was, for lack of a better
term, possessed. Everyone else scrambled back from the imminent explosion, and I just
stepped back a few feet.
"RAAAAAAAAAAAGH!!!"
Yeah, this scream of rage is neither funny nor mildly attractive this time.
"IT'S NOT ENOUGH THAT I HAVE TO DEAL WITH A GROUP OF IDIOTS ON A
DAILY BASIS, THAT I HAVE TO DRAG THEIR ASSES BACK HERE AFTER
ANOTHER ONE OF MY CAPTAIN'S STUPID WHIMS, THAT I HAVE TO DEAL WITH
THE KIND OF CONDESCENDING PIRATES THAT MADE ME HATE EVERY OTHER
CREW IN THE FIRST PLACE, BUT NOW I CAN'T EVEN RELY ON HAVING A
MOMENT OF PEACE, QUIET, AND STABILITY ON OUR OWN SHIP! GRAGH!

FUCK, ALL OF THIS, I AM DONE!"
Her rant finished, she stormed towards the Merry. That's about when Robin showed back up
at the wrong moment. "Ah, Miss Navig-!" she began.
"CRAM IT, DEMON-BITCH!" Nami snarled in her face without pausing.
Robin actually reeled back in wide-eyed shock. Nami stalked straight up the gangplank and
directly to the damaged storeroom, slamming the door behind her.
The next ten minutes or so were incredibly hectic, as Masira was returning with his crew to
show us the way. Cross handed out marching orders to everyone; Luffy and Zoro getting
patched up by Chopper, Usopp and Robin work on fixing the damage to the storage room,
Sanji and Reiju offload the new food, and then Vivi interjected, taking over getting us out of
port while Cross and I go and wind down Nami.
We two and the Princess stood over the trap door to the women's quarters, and Cross gave
Vivi a nervous look. "Last chance to step up and take my place?"
She smiled beatifically, giving him a reassuring shoulder squeeze. "Let me give you the same
advice Igaram always gave my father in private whenever he was mustering up the courage to
talk to my mother after he angered her." Vivi's expression suddenly went flat. "Grow a pair."
Cross' face matched her. "May I remind you that she scared Robin? Only a handful of things
have ever done that, and the least threatening of which would be about Twenty-Million Volts
of lightning being thrown at her!"
Vivi's expression remained unchanged, and she stabbed her finger at the trap door.
I sighed, patting Cross on the back. "Come on, loudmouth. Let's just face the music."
"Aye-aye…" Cross muttered despondently, following me down as I opened the hatch.
We found Nami slumped halfway over the couch, a bottle of some kind of alcohol in hand,
held over her head. Cross and I shared a glance, wondering exactly where to start. Soundbite
took it upon himself to get her attention with a nice, loud cough.
Nami spared a disinterested glance, but her gaze slightly softened seeing me. She held it for a
bit, then slowly straightened up into a slouched sitting position, the bottle hanging between
her legs. We decided to take it as an invitation, and went to take a seat on the couch on either
side of her. We still said nothing for a while, but I did begin to rub her back comfortingly.
Finally, Nami sighed, raising and tapping the bottle to her forehead. "Do you boys know how
I got my massive alcohol tolerance?"
I shook my head. "We're not omnipotent, Sweetheart, just well-informed. Those years of hell
were sparse on the details."
Nami pursed her lips, and slowly nodded in understanding. "Right… well, let me break it

down for you: after I got a taste of alcohol, I got a taste for it, because on those nights alone,
in the map room, when I lay awake just waiting for the sun to come up, it took the pain away.
Took the memories away. For a few, short minutes other than when I woke in the morning, I
could forget that my mother was gone, and that my life was a living hell. And for a while… it
worked."
She snorted darkly, shaking the bottle again. "Until it didn't. As time passed and I grew older,
it took more and more for me to manage to forget. Eventually, it got to the point where the
costs were nearly outstripping what I was bringing in, and I just couldn't let that stand. So I
made the executive decision to stop, and I forged on dry."
Tears pooled in my eyes, and I reached in, holding her in a one armed hug.
Nami gave a dark chuckle, holding the bottle out and slowly inverted it, draining the alcohol
onto the carpet. "The point I'm trying to make here…" she continued in a black-humor kind
of tone. "Is that it's not that I'm good at holding my booze… it's that I can't get drunk
anymore, period." She shook her head with a dry laugh. "And right now, for the first time
since Arlong went down, I'm regretting that. Right now, I want nothing more than to be able
to forget."
"Nami-" Cross tried to start.
Nami slammed the bottle onto the table bottom-first, impressively, without shattering. "WHY
DIDN'T THEY FIGHT BACK, DAMMIT?!" she yelled, glaring dead ahead. "THEY
COULD HAVE KICKED THEIR ASSES WITH NO PROBLEM, THEY COULD
HAVE WON! I WAS BEGGING THEM TO FIGHT, BUT THEY DIDN'T DO ANYTHING!"
I sighed. "Nami, sweetheart… do you remember back in Syrup Village? When Usopp's father
came up, and I spoke about his Captain?" She nodded. "He's the man who gave Luffy his hat.
'Red-Haired' Shanks, one of the New World's Four Emperors, alongside 'Big Mom' Charlotte
Linlin, Kaidou 'of the Beasts', and Ace's Captain, Edward 'Whitebeard' Newgate. The New
World is the stronger half of the Grand Line, and those four practically rule it."
Nami looked absolutely poleaxed for a moment, then steeled her jaw. "What does that
matter?"
"It matters," Cross continued. "Because of what happened about a day or two before Shanks
gave him the Straw Hat ten years ago. The events that set… everything in motion.
That started everything." Cross took a deep breath, and began explaining the events of the
Romance Dawn arc, comparing it to what Luffy and Zoro went through in that dumb bar.
"I…" Nami started to speak before Cross interrupted.
"Do you think that any of those wounds they got are gonna scar? That they'll be traumatized
from the experience, or hell, that they'll even remember it all that clearly a week or so from
now?"
"I… no, no I… I doubt it…"

"Sweetheart, you're looking at this all wrong." I added. "Those fuckwits didn't win by beating
the stuffing outta our guys. They lost. Because they put everything they had into trying to
break them, to leave a lasting imprint on their lives, and failed miserably. Truth is, it always
takes more strength to keep from fighting than to actually fight. Whomsoever can
successfully prove that strength when the time is right… wins. Period."
Nami nodded slowly, but she started to frown. "Alright, I get that… but…" She clenched her
hands, fingers digging into palms. "What about the rest of them? They… they laughed at me,
right to my face. I felt like an idiot! It… it was just so…" Her face flushed miserably.
"Humiliating…"
Seeing how upset she was, and imagining how it must've gone in the bar, I'd say it was a
good thing I wasn't there, pretty sure I might've broken Captain's orders. That, or provoked
the shitter into actually trying to kill me. Either or.
Cross snorted derisively. "So?"
Nami snapped her gaze up at him in shock. "Cross-!"
"Say, Nami…" I spoke up. "Can you describe any of the fuckers there who weren't Sarquiss
or Bellamy? Could you tell me their names, what they wore, hair color, anything distinctive?"
"Wha-? I… no! I can't, alright? I don't remember!"
"Oh?" Cross interjected. "So, you can't remember them at all, nothing distinctive, nothing
that grabbed your attention."
"Yes! Exactly!"
"So, if you can't remember anything about them, if they weren't distinctive, then why do they
matter to you so much?"
"THEY DON'T!" Nami finally burst out, hands flung up in exasperation. "They don't matter,
not even a bit! They were a bunch of nobodies! Thugs, strangers, jack-! …asses…" she
trailed off, as the realization swept over her.
I rubbed her shoulder comfortingly. "They do. Not. Matter. They weren't friends or family,
they're nobodies. Morons, laughing themselves stupid at what they could never understand,
out of sheer ignorance. Fuck those guys, they couldn't be important if they tried. They can sit
in their tiny little world and laugh themselves to a boring death, and we will be out there,
sailing the Blues and having grand adventures most could never dream of."
Nami heaved a shuddering breath as she hunched forwards, tears shining in her eyes as she
held her hands over her mouth. "They don't matter…" she repeated near-euphorically.
"Hey, Nami," Cross started slowly, a grin plastered on his face. "Would it help at all if I told
you I sicced a homicidal otter on Bellamy and then broke Sarquiss' nose and knife with a

seashell and snail?"
"TRUE STORY!" Soundbite provided eagerly.
That was the break point, as Nami hiccupped out a bark of laughter before flinging her arms
around both our necks, dragging me closer to bury her face in my shoulder, simultaneously
laughing and sobbing her heart out.
"There, there, that's it, let it aaall out…" Cross breathed as he rubbed her back. "Dooon't
worry, you'll be back to your usual, bitchy, hard-ass self in no time, promise."
"Dumbass…" Nami hiccuped joyfully. "Stupid, big-mouthed dumbass…"
"And I'm proud of it, to boot, how's that for a kicker?"
Nami's laughter redoubled.
"Hold up." I spoke curiously. "Homicidal ott— did you have a run-in with the
Unluckies again?"
Cross sighed. "Yeah, they got loose and came after us in some misguided revenge scheme.
Actually, now that I think of it-"
"Oh no…" Soundbite uttered, glancing upwards fearfully.
Cross shot him a look of confusion. "What? What's wro-?"
"Ohhh~! The islands in the south are warm~! And their heads get really hot~!"
Soundbite promptly shot back into his shell with a wail, as our three faces grew ashen at the
sound of three, count 'em, three monkeys… singing.
"They grow-a pineapples, they grow-a coconuts, and they're morons~!"
"Want to guzzle booze like there's no tomorrow and try to amp up your alcohol tolerance a
bit?" Cross breathed in horror.
"~Hmmm, Hmmmm~ Next verse!"
"Fuck. Yes." Nami gargled in agreement.
"My kingdom for a keg of Asgardian Booze…" I groaned miserably.
I joined my nakama in diving for the room's liquor cabinet before we were forced to suffer
any further.

~BtWwG~​

At the time, nobody on board had enough energy to try shutting them up, too busy with both
plugging their ears and keeping the Merry on course to the other side of Jaya. However, it
only seemed to just get worse. Eventually, I broke, and slammed all three monkeys to the
deck with a burst of reiatsu, with a polite word to finally silence them for good. Glad I broke
before Soundbite, he was about to use an audio-only version of one of the oldest horror
videos on the internet… 2G1C. I shudder in horror just thinking of it…
Thankfully, we soon came to the sight of our destination, a 'castle' on the nearby coast. The
Kiddy Trio's reaction to the mockup was a good mood-lifter. Since we had Shoujou and
Masira with us, and Chopper at the ready, we avoided a fight and a passing-out when
Montblanc Cricket emerged from the surf.
Now he could tell us what we came to know, telling the tale of his ancestor, Noland, the City
of Gold, how he came to Jaya and met the monkey bros, all of it. After Luffy reiterated his
desire to visit Sky Island, Cricket told us of the Cumuloregalis cloud and the Knock-Up
Stream, confirming that it was scheduled to occur once again at noon the following day,
much to our collective horror. Our assurance that it would probably (outside ears involved)
be fine was only slightly mollifying
"Say, Cricket…" Cross started slowly. "The Knock-Up Stream is an ocean current, right?
Chances are it won't blast up all that close to Jaya itself, so… how are we supposed to find it,
exactly? I mean, we could try using one of the brothers' eternal poses, I guess, but that seems
unreliable at best."
"Yeah, no we would get eviscerated," Nami cheerfully interjected. "In ten seconds flat. Eight
for the sea to monologue in its own special way, one to laugh at us, and one to do the actual
eviscerating."
"Yeah, yeah…"
I felt like I was missing context that I hadn't been present for…
Still, Cross' little ploy worked, and Cricket told us of the South Birds. Once his explanation
was finished, Luffy, Usopp, and Chopper took right off into the forest to find one, leaving no
time for any objections.

"Oh, don't worry, they'll be back soon." Cricket interjected, catching some worried
expressions. "But they won't be happy about it, that's for sure. I made the mistake of going
into that jungle once before, never made it again. Those birds are devilish."
"Robin or Soundbite would probably have an easy time of it with their powers." Cross added
with a smirk. "But for anyone else, it'd be easier to just burn the forest down than catch the
damned South Birds. After all, the forest practically fights for them!"
"Damn it, Luffy!" Zoro snapped, leaping to his feet. "Come on, duck! You're coming with
me!"
"QUACK?! Why da hell do I haff ta go?!"
"Because if the mosshead gets lost in there, his natural instincts will kick in and we'll never
see him again." Sanji explained matter-of-factly. "Then to whom would I feed all the
ingredients that were past due?"
"Me." Lasso raised his paw lazily.
"Yo." Soundbite concurred.
"Well, that backfired on me…" Sanji sighed. "But, yes, without someone to hold his hand, the
poor bastard will get lost."
"You want a fight, cook?" Zoro growled, beginning to unsheath a sword.
"Actually…" Leo piped up, approaching Zoro and unsheathing his own katana. "Since we
have almost a day before we leave, I'd like to try fighting with you, to see how I can
improve."
Zoro's anger vanished, and he instead adopted a much more fearsome expression. "Oh, now
you're talking. I haven't had a good bout with a swordsman since… since…" Zoro trailed off,
and his grin vanished as he stared into the air.
Cross frowned and started counting on his fingers. "Mister One didn't count, you stomped
Tashigi once and wussed out of fighting her again, Hachi didn't even scratch you, you got
your ass handed to you by Mihawk, the Nyaban Brothers were idiots, Cabaji was more parlor
tricks that swordplay… wow, you haven't had a good old-fashioned equal swordfight since
you met Luffy, if that." He turned to look at me. "Unless…?"
I shrugged. "We've sparred a little on and off. But the Merry isn't the best locale for a fullblown battle. And we were focused on fighting the enemies in the Ripatorium rather than
each other."
Zoro's expression was carefully blank, and it remained that way, even as he undid his
bandana from his arm, tied it round his head, and clenched Wado between his teeth. "You
two. Me. Outside. Now." he growled at Leo and I, turning and stalking outside in a more

animalistic manner.
Leo sat frozen in his spot for a moment before slowly turning to face Cross, eye twitching
viciously. "Thank you. So much. You bastard."
"Hey, you asked for it, Leo." Boss said firmly. "And there's nobody better suited to help you
with your style; even I have to admit I'm not good with swords."
"I wanted a sparring match, not a slaughter!" Leo hysterically protested.
"We shall pray for you." Mikey, Donny, and Raphey chorused, clasping their flippers and
bowing their heads.
"THAT'S NOT HELPING!"
"LEO. EVAN." the voice of evil echoed throughout the cabin, freezing most of us in terror.
However, for me, it wasn't just fear… but anticipation.
"I'm gonna diiie…" the dugong moaned, drawing his katanas in full, trailing them on the
ground as he began slinking toward the door.
"I don't think so, Leo…" I said, cracking my neck, and drawing Zangetsu. "It's both of us out
there, remember?"
Leo sighed, relaxing a little. "That's something, I suppose.
The pair of us strode out the door to our doom- destiny, I meant destiny! We followed Zoro a
ways away, and then stopped as he turned back to us.
"Ok…" Leo tentatively spoke. "So, is there a countdown, ground rules, or-?"
"Defend yourselves." Zoro intoned, charging forth, blades flashing.
"SHIT!" the two of us yelped, blades raised in defense to block him.
The next… hour? More? Was a blur, as my track of time died out quickly in the wake of tagteaming with Leo against our First Mate. It was a veritable storm of blades, and I wouldn't
lie, I was kinda enjoying myself. A battle against a tough opponent, with no high-stakes
bullshit in the way? Awesome. Zangetsu thought so too, I could feel his satisfaction during
the whole thing. Unlike Zoro, who started bearing down on me harder after a while. I figured
out quickly it was due to me holding back and not using Shikai. I was actually doing it
for my benefit, not his, but he insisted regardless, so I released Zangetsu properly to give him
an extra challenge.
I recalled a few moments where we ran across others during our running duel. Cross was
training by jogging while toting Lassoo on his back, and passed us at one point. We also saw
Boss and Sanji opening up two separate cans of whup-ass on each other; Vivi and Carue
sparring with Raphey and Mikey, the Princess trading in the Peacock String Slashers for a

pair of double-bladed scythes attached by chain, and Carue wearing custom armor.
Nami and Donny were training with their individual staffs, the dugong occasionally giving
pointers; Soundbite was getting audio-training from Shoujou to improve his powers, and
Robin was multitasking gloriously. She had her powers running, bloomed limbs lifting and
working in tandem, while at the same time, doing some hand-to-hand combat sparring with
Reiju. The two women were clearly learning a great deal from one another… at least, from
what I saw when we passed.
Eventually, Zoro decided he was satisfied enough, and let us off the hook. Leo collapsed into
a puddle of blubber and shell, and I went to towel off all the sweat after re-sealing
Zangetsu. Best combat workout I've had in a while now. After reconvening with the others, it
seems Luffy and co had just as much luck as expected in the forest, and thus Cross got
Soundbite to use his powers to 'convince' the local fauna to hand over a South Bird. Crazy
enough, a Gilbert Gottfried-voiced one handed us two. Both of whom made me bust a gut, as
Soundbite gave them the voices of the Old Spice Commercials Duo. They acted like them,
too. God bless this wacky-ass world.
During lunch, I took notice of Cross singling out our resident Simp King, tapping him on the
shoulder. "Reality's kinda harsh, ain't it?" he smirked.
The cook blinked in confusion as he looked away from Cricket, whom he'd been watching
discreetly while he ate. "Huh?"
"Well, I'm just saying." Cross shrugged matter-of-factly. "You said that you grew up listening
to the story of Noland the Liar, so I can only imagine what it must be like to learn how that
story affected the lives of people in the present."
Sanji began to shrug nonchalantly… but then tensed up.
Cross cocked an eyebrow at him. "Something up, Sanji?"
The chef shot him a hesitant glance, then took a shaky drag from his cigarette. "Cross…"
Sanji muttered almost inaudibly. "I've… been meaning to ask you this for a while now, but…
how much do you know about… my past?"
This time, I tensed up, and made sure I was less visible from my mostly-private spot,
continuing to drop some eaves.
"DA FUCK you on about, man?" Soundbite demanded incredulously.
"I'm with the snail, lover-boy." Cross nodded in tentative agreement. "What brought this on?"
"I just…" Sanji ground his teeth uncomfortably as he shifted in place, glancing about in a
somewhat paranoid manner. "I wanna know how much you know about me, is all. There
are… well, you should know better than anyone that most people have parts of their past they
never want to come back to haunt them. So, I just want to know what parts of mine you
know. That's all."

Cross eyed the curlybrow in confusion for a moment before stiffening as the realization
struck him. He sighed and rolled his eyes, patting Sanji on the shoulder reassuringly. "Sanji,
Sanji, Sanji…" he began with a shake of his head. "You should really realize by now that
there is absolutely nothing in your past that can make us think less of you."
Sanji perked up slightly with a hopeful look. "Yeah? You think so?"
"Of course! I mean, come on. I realize that the fact that you were a picky eater back as a dishboy before Zeff attacked your ship might've been something you were ashamed of, but it's
really nothing in the long run. I honestly doubt it can have any lasting effect on how the
ladies see you. We all have those moments where we groan at how stupid our younger selves
were!" Cross glanced back with a smirk. "Right?"
Sanji stared at him for a second before shrugging. "Sure. Let's go with that." He then grinned
in a cheeky manner. "To be honest, I was more worried about whether or not you'd seen me in
my acne years!"
Cross took a moment, then grinned like a maniac. "Oh, my God, that is the best image
ever please tell me you had braces, too!"
Sanji laughed. "If you don't already know, then you're not finding out anytime soon!"
"Aw, c'mon, Sanji! Teeell meee!"
I watched the pair wander away, and I sighed explosively. "Surprised they didn't think to ask
me." I muttered.
"Someone had to, though." I jumped, turning to see Reiju snuck up on me, giving me an
intensely inquisitive look. "I remember that you said you have ten more years of that
'metaknowledge' over Cross, in spite of some of it being scrambled, as you put it. So, Evan,
what do you know?"
I took a moment to gather myself, then sighed hard. "I know that I'm genuinely shocked that
your sperm donor let you go so easily." I admitted.
Reiju's expression shifted to sadness. "Likely, he believes me to be a failure for so much as
having the capacity to rebel." she spat. "So, everything then?"
I nodded. "Pretty much. Your sperm donor may be a verifiable genius, but he is
a thundercunt, no question."
Reiju snorted. "You'll hear no argument from me. So, are you… planning on telling anything
to the rest of the crew?"
I shook my head. "Not a chance. That's yours and Sanji's secret to tell, not mine. When you
guys are ready, you'll say something."
Reiju smiled and gave me a kiss on the cheek. "Thank you. I'll be sure to let Sanji know, so

he doesn't go seeking you out."

~BtWwG~​

The rest of the day passed fairly normally. After getting some more training done, Luffy
returned from… something he went to do, and Masira and his crew finished reinforcing
Merry (for some reason, they wouldn't budge on the chicken comb). Then we reached the
obvious conclusion of the day: we retired to Cricket's house and threw a fuck of a good party!
Great food, plenty of drink, music, the whole shebang.
The dugongs being involved made for more than a bit of brawling, to Cricket's ire, but the
fact that he was buzzed took the edge off his rage, though that was probably forgone with the
usual crew there anyway. Things got even more fun when Cricket noticed Robin reading a
specific passage from Noland's logbook and started going on about the one topic guaranteed
to garner everyone's attention: Gold.
I couldn't help but be captivated by Cricket's tales of the Lost City of Shandora as well. I
mean, the conclusion was bad times for all involved, but the sheer detail Noland put into his
logbook… I'd swear I had a fellow author in him. I sure as hell was looking forward to
hearing the Fire of Shandora ring, a sound that left even a New World-capable adventurer in
awe. Then Cricket showed us the pièces de résistance. A statuette of a South Bird and a trio
of ingots, all he'd managed to scrounge from the seafloor thus far.
"So, Cricket!" Cross loudly announced. "Have you actually told anybody about what you've
found?"
"Psh, are you nuts?" the freediver scoffed. "Nobody trustworthy lives within a hundred miles
of this house; if anyone found out about this stuff, I'd have to deal with every gold-lusting
pirate in Mock Town coming after me. That's why I made sure that these two know not to say
jack!"
Shoujou nodded in agreement… then joined Cricket in staring at Masira, who was sweating
up a storm. "Brother…" the orangutan grit out slowly. "Is there something you want to tell
us?"
"Ah… you said not to 'say' jack?" Masira poked his fingers together uncomfortably. "I

thought you said not to say anything to Jack!"
Before the other two-thirds of the Saruyama Alliance could give the man hell, we were
interrupted by an annoying-ass laugh from outside. "HEY! OLD MAN CRICKET! I HEARD
YOU FINALLY FOUND SOME GOLD, HUH? WHY DON'T YOU HAND IT OVER
NICE AND PEACEFUL-LIKE? THAT WAY, WE WON'T HAVE TO KICK YOUR TEETH
IN! HAHAHAHA!"
"What was that just now about 'gold-lusted pirates'? Cross said, rolling his eyes as he headed
for the door.
"Hey, hold it, Cross, we can deal with-" Cricket began.
"Most of his crew, sure, but he has Devil Fruit powers. Now, please excuse me while I
provoke him." Cross opened the door, plastering a grin on his face. "Sorry, but we don't have
any gold for spring-heeled dickweasles."
"YOU! YOU SON OF A BITCH!" Bellamy roared as I joined the others in getting to our
feet.
"I never did introduce myself, did I? Jeremiah Cross of the Straw Hat Pirates." Cross said
with a salute. "And thanks for the save earlier."
"You think we don't know who you are?" Sarquiss snarled, wielding the hilt of his shattered
'Big Knife'. "A Transponder Snail with Devil Fruit powers is a pretty damn good giveaway.
You owe me a new knife, and I think I'll take it out of that snail of yours."
"BITE ME!" Soundbite taunted. "YOU'RE BETTER OFF without that knife anyway! YOU
NEEDED SOMETHING BIGGER TO compensate with!"
I couldn't help but burst out laughing along with most of our party, and I'm pretty sure several
of Bellamy's crew were stifling giggles. This seemed to push Bellamy past his breaking point,
as he put the spring-heel in 'spring-heeled dickweasel', and launched himself at Cross. Fast,
but nowhere near fast enough. I'd been ready to cast Seki, but Luffy beat me to
the literal punch, decking 'the Hyena' right in the ol' schnoz, flinging him back at his crew.
Luffy looked back at the Commie curiously. "What did you do, Cross?"
"I sicced a homicidal otter on him." Cross replied concisely. "And for the record, it
was after he beat on you and Zoro. I had no idea that he'd done it at the time, he was just a
convenient target."
Luffy smiled contentedly. "Oh, that's alright, then!"
"You… so, you can fight." Surprisingly, Bellamy was still conscious, though struggling to get
up again. Most likely Luffy didn't put his all into that punch like in the story, as he was just
an annoyance at the moment. "I guess you earned that ฿40 Million Bounty after all." Bellamy
growled, back on his feet.

"… 40 million?" Cross questioned.
"He remembered you saying his bounty increased tenfold." Nami groaned.
*THUNK* / *WHAP*
My hand struck my face, and Cross' head struck Cricket's doorframe. "Some days, Luffy,
your stupidity causes me physical pain." he growled to himself. "The moron's bounty is 100
Million, Bellamy, as well as Evan's, and Zoro's is 60. You should really try and keep up with
the news."
"Actually, to be fair, the News Coos haven't come to this island since you started your show;
the next delivery isn't till later tonight." Masira contributed.
"That's. Not. Helping." Cross growled out through gritted teeth.
"HA! You expect me to believe that?" Bellamy laughed. "Sure, he's got some fight in him,
but I heard every broadcast of that SBS show you did, and if he's even half the moron you
described, the chances of him actually getting a bounty that high are about the same as the
odds of me becoming a bright-eyed dreamer like you!"
Cross blinked, processing that statement. Then he snapped his hand into a fist and stepped
past Luffy, shooting a vicious grin at the moronic enemy captain. "Funny you should say that
because, in my humble opinion, the odds of you being able to beat us are about the same as
the odds of you ever getting so much as a shred of respect from the feathered jackass you're
stupid enough to follow!"
Naturally, Bellamy's expression twisted in fury, and his legs compressed into springs.
"SPRING-!"
Luffy tried to step around the Commie, but Cross stuck a hand out to stop him without even
looking. "Gastro-Phony." he ordered calmly, securing his headphones with his other hand.
"Soundbite sneered viciously. "Roger-roger."
The fact that Luffy remained unaffected was a testament to how far Soundbite had improved
his control. Bellamy's crew, however, fell to their knees and emptied their stomachs, with
Bellamy himself screwing up his takeoff, ending up with his face plowed right into the dirt
barely a foot in front of Cross.
"You have real potential, Bellamy, and that's not something you'll ever hear Doflamingo tell
you." Cross spoke. "If you ever change your outlook on life and decide to actually use what
you've got, come find us. But for now, just remember that you lost to the weakest members of
a crew filled with nothing but 'bright-eyed dreamers', without dealing a single injury."
"Like… hell…" Bellamy snarled, struggling out of his impression in the earth. Cross'
expression went unchanged as he placed Soundbite from his shoulder to 'the Hyena's' back.

"Think you can leave him alive?" Cross asked tonelessly.
"He'll wish to hell I hadn't." Soundbite stated firmly.
"Then in that case… Gastro-Blast."
Soundbite snarled at Bellamy. "SUCK ON THIS, jackass."
Bellamy tried to pick himself up… and promptly froze, every muscle in his body tensing and
locking up. He didn't even scream, his mouth just hung open and let him emit a few gargles.
He eventually choked up a mouthful of blood and fell back to the ground. Nobody said a
word as they stared at the unconscious pirate.
Cross grabbed Soundbite back up, replacing him on his shoulder. "And that's how you be
badass."
That got Sarquiss to snap out of his shock, laughing desperately. "H-Hahaha, c-c'mon
Bellamy! Very funny, I actually bought it for a second there! N-Now come on, get up
already! Kick this bastard's ass!" Nothing happened, except for Sarquiss panting desperately.
"Bellamy! BELLAMY, COME ON, T-THIS SHIT ISN'T FUNNY ANYMORE! BELLAMY!"
Cross used a foot to flip Bellamy over, giving him a faux-curious look before shaking his
head at Sarquiss. "Yeah, no, he is not waking up anytime soon."
Now it was Sarquiss' turn to break, as he screamed like a madman, charging at Cross with his
busted knife.
*SLAM*
Then before anyone could try anything, Luffy slugged Sarquiss so hard he literally flipped
around the rubberman's fist before landing on his back.
Luffy snorted, cracking his knuckles and glaring at Bellamy's crew. "Don't touch my friends."
The poor jackasses cowered in terror, one of them even fainted dead away, foaming at the
mouth.
"Hey, fuckwits." I announced, bolts of reishi idly crackling in my hand. "Take your friends
and go back where you came from, or else you deal with us next."
The pirates looked at the rest of us, palling at the sight of Zoro fingering his swords and
Nami slamming the butt of her Clima-Tact on the ground, cracking it (the ground, not the
staff).
The terrified pirates then obeyed the order, running as fast as their legs could take them.

~BtWwG~​

The rest of the evening passed uneventfully, sans the usual expected antics. The next
morning, an amusing event occurred where some of us tried to consider which bird would be
left behind, only to take both anyway, while learning what they were called. Isaiah of the
Swagger Tribe, and Terry of the Bear Glove Tribe. I was a grown adult about it. I did not fall
down laughing at this, and Cross' misery.
I am also an occasional liar.
Thankfully, with no absent Luffy hunting Heracles and Atlas Beetles, or denting in moron
skulls, we actually set out to sea right on time. Terry's tendency to swing his beak about
without warning meant we needed to rely on Isaiah more, but we started making decent
headway.
ping!
You have earned an Item Roll!

Huh. Already? Used to be that my items rolls were days in-between. At minimum. It was
almost like someone tried to insist I get a roll every single day, or something. But that was
crazy-talk…

1. Floo Powder (Harry Potter)​
2. Spellbreaker (Elder Scrolls)​
3. Golden Spider of Kwaku Anansi (DC)​
4. Nightmare-Gamma (Devil May Cry)​
5. Ring of Khajiit (Elder Scrolls)​
6. Sangheili Stealth Field (Halo)​
7. Bessie (Cannon Busters)​

8. Animus HR-8.5 (Assassins Creed)​
9. Cauldron of Life (Gargoyles)​
10. Water-Dragon Sword (Akame ga Kiru)​
11. Storage Scrolls (Naruto)​
12. Dragon Assault Ship (Avatar)​
13. Compass of Want (Disney's PotC)​
14. Pow Pow (Arcane)​
15. Adramelech (Akame ga Kiru)​
16. C-3PO (Star Wars)​
17. Lightning Lash (RWBY)​
18. Laser Gun (Fallout)​
19. Atlantean Key (DC)​
20. Apple of Eden (Assassins Creed)​

In the end, I decided to use three D20s to get a multiple choice result this time. Tossing them,
I came up with 8, 16, and 6.

Animus HR-8.5 (Assassins Creed)​

Huh, that's pretty cool. Nooot sure what I'd use the Animus for in this world, though. I don't
think this version has the 'learning from the person whose memories you experience'
function, so that won't help.

C-3PO (Star Wars)​

Hah! That would be hilarious, but also probably annoying after a while. Plus, not much use
for a semi-bumbling protocol droid anyway, and I think my factory can make one of a
different model. Which leaves…

Sangheili Stealth Field (Halo)
Also called Active Camouflage, it was most commonly used by Covenant Special
Operations, Stealth Sangheili, and Zealots, as well as Spartan-Program Headhunters. It
functions as a sort of invisibility cloak, making the user near-unseeable. This gives you a
state-of-the-art stealth field unit, along with the necessary blueprints to make more, if
need be. Thankfully, these don't have the time limit of the Arbiter's outdated unit built
into the ceremonial armor.​

Honestly, while it would be a slow burn, this was the most useful. I made my selection, and
the items in question appeared. I stored it away where I could add it to the Sierra Madre
Projectors and Arc Reactor for later use.
Finally, after a little while longer, we got a call from Masira's ship indicating that it was time.
God… I'd seen the storms of the Grand Line at this point, and this was still crazy. The sky
became engulfed in clouds that seemed large enough that they might even dwarf the Red
Line. Nothing short of awe-inspiring.
Nami chewed her lip uncomfortably, eyeing the oncoming clouds. "It's huge… and early."
She gave Cross and I a wary glance. "You guys sure we'll make this on time?"
I nodded firmly, giving her a reassuring squeeze to her shoulder. "Oh, we'll make it. It'll be a
rough ride, sure, but it's gonna be metal as fuck."
"At the very least, we'd better make it." Cross added. "Else Luffy's disappointment will be the
least of our worries."
"What are you-?"
"ALERT! NAVY WARSHIPS AT TEN O'CLOCK, ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE
MAELSTROM!"
Oh, what the fuck. Why are they here? We shouldn't see any Marines until after Skypeia*WHAP*
…that is the sound of a facepalm, and I didn't make it. I joined everyone in leveling a glare at
Cross, the source. Even the South Birds had joined in!

"Alright, before you say anything, let me just say that I have an absolutely ironclad defense."
Cross hastily requested.
"What defense, Mister Jeremiah?" Vivi asked in an icy tone.
Cross and Soundbite shared terrified glances before plastering uneasy grins on their faces.
"Tashigi did it?" they chorused uncomfortably.
"Explain." Nami ground out in a tone of forced calm.
Cross poked his fingers together sheepishly. "Sengoku mobilized a fleet after us, and she
knew where our Log Pose would be pointing us next, so she supplied false information about
where we'd be going, redirecting them to a backwater place that the Navy would never think
to look… Jaya."
"...Wow." Nami deadpanned. "Just… wow. Even when the Marines are on our side,
they still manage to royally screw us over."
"Hey, look on the bright side!" Cross hastily interjected. "At least it happened now rather than
on some other island where we didn't have an escape route pre-arranged! Right?"
…I mean, he's not wrong. If the waterfall from 'Believe' can happen, then I wouldn't rule out
the Navy Fleet from 'Brand New World' popping up on some island randomly.
"P-Plus, they're still heading straight towards Jaya, they may sail right past us and never
know we're here?"
"THAT'S A NEGATIVE, THEY'RE SAILING RIGHT AT US!"
"...yeah, I got nothing."
"SON OF A- GAH!" Nami roared in exasperation. "BOSS! YOU AND YOUR STUDENTS
START TOWING, ASAP! MASIRA, SHOUJOU, THANKS FOR ALL YOUR HELP BUT
WE'LL GO FROM HERE! IF THE NAVY CATCHES SIGHT OF YOU WITH US,
THEY'LL BLOW YOU TO SMITHEREENS!"
"SOUNDS GOOD TO ME!" / "GOOD LUCK TO YOU ALL!"
And with that, the Saruyama Alliance split off and started sailing back towards Jaya.
"COME ON, BOYS!" Boss roared, grabbing up a towline and standing on the Merry's
railing. "LET'S SHOW THIS OCEAN WHO'S IN CHARGE!"
"AYE-AYE, BOSS!" the TDWS cried as they all leaped overboard.
"...Well!" Cross said, clapping his hands together. "Since we're headed into another neardeath scrape before a big adventure, I'd say the time is ripe…" He dug a hand into his bag,
drawing out the Transceiver mic with a grin. "For another SBS broadcast!"

I rolled my eyes. "Of course it is." I smirked. "It's you as usual…"
A few minutes of waiting for the world to tune in later, and Cross officially began his latest
broadcast. "Testing, testing, one-two, one-two! Is this thing on?" Cross began.
"I THINK SO! Whether it is or not is IRRELEVANT THOUGH!"
"And how's that?"
"Don't tell me, Soundbite." I grinned at the snail. "You're gonna be the one to start the SBS,
right?"
"Well, of course I… YOU BITCH!"
"Dammit, Evan!"
"BAH-HAHAHAHAHAAA!!" I guffawed. "I've been waiting for my opportunity to do that!"
"Errgh, I swear to Goda, one of these days…"
"Bam, pow, straight to the third moon of Endor!"
"Yes, that. But anyway, hello faithful viewers! Today, you find us scraping right next to the
edge of death itself! How so, you may ask? Weeell, apparently someone in the Navy
somehow found out that we picked up an Eternal Pose somewhere in an effort to evade the
fleet that the esteemed Fleet Admiral Sengoku mobilized to capture us, and sent
them straight for us!"
'Hehehehehehhh… sucks to be you, Ensign. Sucks. To. Be. You.'
"Still, it's not as bad as it sounds! Because you see, in the process of acquiring said Eternal
Pose, we managed to discover an alternate route of escape! Allow me to spell it out for you.
First off, we got our beloved ship, the Going Merry, reinforced whilst we were docked.
Notably, these reinforcements centered around her keel."

~X~​

"Second, while this might appear counterintuitive to most sane pirates and sailors, we are
now headed straight towards a maelstrom we managed to locate moments ago. Fun fact

about this maelstrom: A) it's absolutely massive, and B) it appeared mere moments ago!"
"But-But, that's crazy!" Medaka exclaimed, clutching her hair worriedly. "Why in the world
would they do that?!"
"I'm not sure." Herring mused thoughtfully. "But I swear this sounds familiar somehow…"
"And finally, to complete our daring Master Escape… hold it… DAY HAS JUST TURNED
TO NIGHT! HA TIMED IT EXACTLY, THREE IN A ROW! WHOO!"
Herring straightened up in shock. "Now I recall… Sayuri told me a story about this before.
The Straw Hats are about to ride a natural disaster called the Knock-Up Stream, straight into
the sky! They're going looking for a Sky Island!"
Medaka stared at her father incredulously. "Excuse me, a WHAT?!"

~X~​

Cross cackled madly as cannonfire began to ring out over the roar of the maelstrom that
seemed to rival the one from 'At World's End'. "Looks like the Navy just figured out what
we're up to, and they're not happy with it! Stay tuned, viewers, because this madness is just
getting started!"
"WE'RE GONNA DIIIIE!" Usopp and Carue cried as they desperately hugged Merry's mast.
"THIS HAD BETTER DAMN WELL WORK, YOU IDIOTS!" Nami yowled, digging her
fingernails into the railing rather than Cross' neck. Or mine.
"Happy-place-Happy-place-Happy-place!" Chopper whined on repeat, rocking back and
forth on the deck.
"I don't suppose there's any way to talk you out of this, Luffy?!" Vivi pleaded desperately
from where she'd wound her arm into the Merry's rigging.
"Shishishishi!" Luffy laughed from his special seat. ""Why would I ever run from
adventure?!"
"I was afraid you'd say that…" the Princess sobbed.
"Oh dear…" Reiju breathed in trepidation. "Vivi, if you're afraid now, then you'd best not

look overboard!"
"What do you-WAAAAAGH!" Vivi screeched in terror as Merry flew over the lip of the
maelstrom…
*SPLASH*
"Huh?" Then blinked in confusion as we landed in calm waters. "What the-?"
"Wait for it…" Cross and I muttered in sync.
Boss and the TDWS leapt back aboard in a hurry, the senior among them glancing over the
edge nervously. "You're all gonna want to find something to hang on to!" he warned
desperately.
"You know it's bad when he says it!" Leo warned.
"Waaait for iiit…" Cross repeated, grinning like a loon.
"HEY, STRAW HAT!"
My blood froze in my veins as I heard a sickeningly familiar voice call out on the waters. I
found myself drawing Zangetsu on sheer instinct.
"Zoro." Luffy noted, pointing out in a parallel direction from the Navy warships approaching
us. We all turned to observe the oversized raft that was approaching us, bearing four of the
deadliest pirates of this day and age.
Also, why a fucking raft? Couldn't the fat bastard and his cronies shanghai a ship from a lessguarded Grand Line dock? Seriously…
"ZEHAHAHAHA! If it isn't Straw Hat Luffy and Butcher Blade Evan! I've come all this way
to collect on your ฿100 Million Bounties, so don't be shy!" Teach bellowed eagerly. "And I'm
certain I can get something for your first and third mates, too! ZEHAHAHA!"
"Lassoo. Blow that raft to Kingdom Come." Cross bit out viciously.
"On it!" the dog-cannon growled as he got up on the railing and unloaded a barrage of
explosive baseballs on the raft.
*BA-BA-BANG*
None of which made it, on account of Van Auger prematurely detonating them.
Lasso whistled. "Well, that's new…"
"Cross?" Luffy questioned.

"...Remember Blackbeard, Luffy?" Cross growled. "The one who murdered Ace's crewmate?
Who ravaged Drum Island? That's him."
"Uh, CROSS? You realize that this THING IS STILL ON, RIGHT?"
"Ah."
What happened next, I could only attribute to morbid curiosity. I reached out with my
Reikaku, my Spirit Senses, and focused on Teach. This was a mistake.
For the most part, I couldn't get a read on him. The first thing I could get… was the feeling
that there seemed to be at least two distinct souls in that man, somehow. The second… could
only described thusly:
WRONGWRONGWRONGWRONGWRONGWRONGWRONGWROSome kind of fight or flight response triggered in me, and locked dead-on to fight. Ace could
be as mad at me as he wanted. If I could help it, this piece of shit would be very dead in the
next few moments. Or, at minimum, he and his jackasses would be sunk.
"Mask of blood and flesh, all creation, flutter of wings, ye who bears the name of Man!" I
chanted viciously. "Immolation and devastation, golden globe of the Heavens, scorch all who
spurn your glory! Burn the flesh from their bones and the evil from their hearts! Hado #48:
Kongoubaku (Adamantine Blast)!"
At the tip of Zangetsu, a burst of spherical red flaming energy formed. I reared back, and
lashed forth, casting it towards the raft at all speed, the blast doubling in size as it left my
sword.
It should have been more than enough, but it seemed Blackbeard was on the ball today, as he
gathered a roiling mass of darkness in his hand. "Dark Matter!" he roared, thrusting his arm
forward to meet my attack. He clearly meant to throw the attack, but he had no time.
Kongoubaku clashed with his attack, and both sides struggled for superiority.
Teach roared in pain as my Kido scorched his hand and arm, the blazing blast seeming to
shear apart as it ground against the darkness. With one last cry of effort, Teach pushed, and
the blast flew off to the side and into the ocean, detonating harmlessly beneath the waves.
Clutching his burned hand, he looked back up at me, and gave me a… frighteningly intrigued
look. "Interesting!" he called out, grinning wildly.
'Fuck… Why do I feel like I just made myself a bigger target?'
Luckily, the water beneath us began to bulge upwards, signifying that we were as good as
gone. "Everyone, hold onto something!" Cross bellowed, slowly winding a rope 'round his
arm. "This is going to be crazier than Reverse Mountain! Now then, allow me to explain
what's about to happen, viewers! Currently, our ship is stationed over the exact center of an
oceanic event in the Grand Line known as the Knock-Up Stream! Think of it as a titanic,

mid-ocean geyser, if you will!"
Teach grew ever closer, and the ocean bulged ever upwards as he continued. "The Knock-Up
Stream is a massively powerful event, capable of flinging ships this way or that, and even
annihilating them in a single massive blast! Usually, that would mean certain death!" The
ocean continued to mimic a balloon fit to burst, even as the Navy Warships advanced on us,
gunners lining up their shots.
"Were it not for the fact that dead above us is a singularly massive cloud formation known as
the Cumuloregalis! It is capable of blotting out the sun because, unlikely as it may sound, the
clouds that compose it… are solid! And thus, our escape route. With enemies on all sides,
and no means of escape on the high seas, we take the only option we have available to us!"
"And heeere weee… GO." I uttered.
"WE TURN OUR PROW UPWARDS! WE SAIL INTO THE SKY ITSELF!"
Then suddenly, and without with minimal warning, the ocean exploded.
*KA-BLOOOOSH*
"PFFFHAHAHAHAHAHAAAA!" Cross cackled madly, roaring with laughter over the
screams of several other crewmates as we soared upwards.
It was positively incredible, an explosion unlike anything we'd experienced to date, heat,
wind and air shoving us up to the skies at what I was certain was escape velocity. Perilous?
Oh yes. Maddening? Almost certainly. But once Nami, that brilliant, amazing navigator, got
used to the new axis, she had us flying. The Going Merry, an East Blue caravel,
absolutely flying into the sky. I think she was right, Cross' madness is infectious, because,
well…
"BAH-HAHAHAHAHAAA!" I cackled with equal fervor, hanging from the rigging. "I
BELIEVE I CAN FLYYY~! I BELIEVE I CAN TOUCH THE SKYYY~! I THINK ABOUT IT
EV'RY NIGHT AND DAY~! SPREAD MY WINGS AND FLY AWAAAY~!"
…Yeah, that. Unbelievably, I wasn't alone. I know I heard Reiju laughing too, and
even Robin, if only for a moment.
"PFFHAHAHAHAHA! I LOVE YOU GUYS! I LOVE THIS CREW! PFHAHAHAHAA!"
"COWABUNGA, DUDES!" Soundbite cackled in agreement.
"PFFHAHAHA! YOU HEAR IT HERE FIRST, FOLKS!" Cross roared into his mic, finger
jabbed straight up to the fast-approaching clouds. "WE, THE STRAW HAT PIRATES, ARE
SAILING INTO THE SKIES! WHAT ADVENTURES AWAIT US? WHAT LANDS WILL
WE SEE? WILL I STILL BE ABLE TO BROADCAST FROM THE SKY?! TUNE IN
NEXT TIME TO FIND OUT ALL THIS AND MORE! BUT FOR NOW, THIS IS
JEREMIAH CROSS!"

"AND SOUNDBITE!"
"OF THE SBS, SIGNING OFF!"
With that, we continued to soar ever upwards, closer and closer to the clouds, the White Seas,
and the Land of 'God'. We were on our way… to our next great adventure!

Chapter End Notes

Fun fact: When I rolled for that Kongoubaku, I decided to change it up a bit, and rolled
for a Save for Teach.
Motherfucker rolled a 16. Damned Will of D bullshit luck...
LLaP

Chapter 30: Heaven Is A Place On Blue Star
After bursting through several dozen meters of semi-liquid cloud cover, an ordeal that left us
all sopping wet and exhausted, we finally emerged onto the White Sea. Now, the Sakura
Kingdom's cherry blossoms when we left were absolutely beautiful, no question. But this?
This was… ethereal. Like experiencing a waking dream. Being on the sea itself was like
being on an airplane that had just broken through the clouds… well, I assume. I hadn't been
on an airplane since I was very little, and I can't quite remember it.
This was better, though. No barrier between me and the clouds. Touching some of it felt
like… like seafoam, only more solid.
"...Goda-sensei…" Cross breathed in awe. "...you may be the greatest manga author who ever
lived… but the world you envisioned is beyond even your unearthly artistic abilities."
"Word…" I replied simply.
Writer though I was, I supposed I could save all the flowery language description for the
Chronicle. Simply put, the whole thing was positively breathtaking.
"Gh… GRK!"
More so for others! Cross futilely grasped his throat, mouth working as he tried and failed to
breath the marginally thinner air. I rushed forward, grabbing hold of the man before he
collapsed.
"He needs air! NOW!" I barked.
"HELP! WE NEED A DOC-! WAIT! I AM A DOCTOR! Lay Cross out on his back and hold
him steady! I'm going to need a sterile blade, a straw-! *CLONK* OW! Thank you, Reiju."
"Anytime, Chopper."
Luckily, Sanji had made sure to keep several of the Krieg Pirates' gas masks from their siege
way back when, and provided one to Cross to help him breathe. Of course, he and the other
Monster Trio men found they weren't so lucky with the thinner air either. I resolved to keep
from any strenuous activity until my body fully acclimates to the atmosphere.
Then suddenly, because of course he had to, Usopp resolved to become 'the first' to swim in
the White Sea. Cross stopped him long enough to get him to tie himself to the Merry, but
didn't warn him about the sky sealife, or more importantly, the lack of a floor to this sea.
Luckily, he was pulled back aboard without injury (unless you count his pride and nerves).
The impromptu discussion into marine life adaptation that followed was interrupted by a
sudden explosion just off the Merry's bow.

The source wasn't hard to find, as the cloud-skating berserker was approaching our ship fast.
I saw Cross agonizing out of the corner of my eye, likely worrying over trying to interfere. I
decided to wait and see before I got involved in some BS. We could at least keep from
making bad impressions, at any rate. As Wyper boarded and began to attack, the Monster
Trio managed to begin fending him off far easier than they would have, forewarned about the
thinner air.
"Lassoo! Cani-Slick!" Cross ordered.
The mutt glanced at his wielder quizzically, then nodded, shifting into hybrid form before
spraying Wyper with a concentration of octopus ink as an effective oil slick. The warrior's
skates lost all traction, and he went right on his ass. Unfortunately, and amusingly, our own
crewmen followed suit.
"WHAT'S THE BIG IDEA, CROSS?!" the Monster Trio chorused angrily.
"WHAT VILE SUBSTANCE IS THIS?!" Wyper snarled in return, trying and failing to get
back to his feet. The TDWS took full advantage of the distraction, more than capable of
working with the slick. Raphey and Leo took up positions on either side of him, Donny
standing behind, and Mikey in front, all weapons drawn and trained on him. Wyper glowered.
"Insolent Blue Sea Dwellers. I will eliminate-"
"Can it, cloud-skater." Cross cut in. "We don't want any trouble with you, so why did you
attack us?"
Wyper glared defiantly and began shifting around. Cross snapped toward Lasso, and he went
padding forwards, growling viciously with hackles raised.
"One wrong move, and the next thing he shoots will be a bomb. Point-blank range. How high
do you think your odds are? Just answer the question; we won't attack if you won't."
Wyper glowered again before scoffing. "I'll answer your question with one of my own: why
did you come here? What business do you have here?"
"Our idiot Captain." Cross deadpanned, pointing at the rubber idiot in question, flailing about
on the oil slick. "The second he heard about an island in the sky, he didn't care what we had
to do, he only cared that we got up here, period. Much to our detriment…" he muttered the
last bit darkly.
"EXPRESS ROUTE, BA-BY!" Soundbite whooped eagerly.
Wyper glanced at Cross' shoulder. "What-"
"Devil Fruit." came a litany of deadpan voices.
"Right…" Wyper trailed off slowly before tensing as he processed what Soundbite just said.
"Wait, 'express'-! You took the Knock-Up Stream?!"

"Eeyu-ACK!" Cross began to nod before Nami cut him off by grabbing his collar and hauling
him a foot off the deck.
"THERE WERE OTHER OPTIONS?!" she shrieked, teeth appearing like fangs.
"So, I take it you didn't enjoy the ri- SHITSHITSHITWAITNO-!"
*SPLASH*
I watched as Nami levered the Commie overboard in moments, smirking in amusement.
Cross got back to the surface, and hacked and wheezed up a lungful of fluffy cloud.
"OVERREACT, MUCH?"
"GO DROWN, JACKASS!"
"LATER! FOR NOW, THROW ME A LINE ALREADY!"
As Reiju complied with his request, I couldn't help but snicker like crazy at Cross'
comeuppance for his flippance. Uuuntil Nami grabbed me by the collar too. "Ohhh, don't
think you're off the hook either, you knew too!" she growled.
I sighed explosively, looking her dead in the eyes. "Nami, Sengoku's task force was on our
asses, we had no time to even try to look for the other ways up. The ones we don't know
anything about, excepting that they're even more dangerous! The Knock-Up Stream was an
all-or-nothing gambit, but the other ways have a guaranteed mortality rate. Understand?"
Nami held her harsh look a little longer then grumbled cutely, letting me go and looking
away, knowing I was right but couldn't just say so.
Cross, now returned and somewhat dried off, looked over to Wyper, whose smug look you
could feel through the mask. "What the hell are you so smug about, ass-!"
"Robin?"
*THWACK*
"Ack!" Cross wheezed, sinking to his knees and massaging his throat that Robin had remotely
smacked.
Vivi spared a nod to Robin as she stepped past the Commie and adopted a far more serene
expression. "I apologize for Cross, Mister… um…"
"I am part of the Shandian tribe. That will do." he said firmly.
"Mister Shandian, then. Cross has a habit of making enemies as often, if not moreso, than he
makes friends. He enjoys agitating us all. Allow me to make some introductions: I am
Nefertari Vivi, and these are my friends. We are the Straw Hat Pirates. It is an honor to be

here on the seas of your home." Vivi capped the whole thing off with a bow. Impressive, I
think we have a crew Diplomat in the making.
'Heh, so long as she cleans up her airhead act.'
Wyper stared at her silently for a moment before crossing his arms. "Why did you come here
to the White Sea?" he grunted.
Vivi held up her hands in a show of surrender. "As Cross was saying, we're just here to take
in the sights; a voyage of curiosity, nothing more. We don't want any trouble. Heck we don't
even cause any trouble normally."
"She's… got a point there. We've never been the ones to throw the first punch." Nami hedged,
pointedly not averting her eyes from the berzerker.
Wyper slowly swept his eyes over the deck, taking in everyone. Finally, he grunted and
nodded slowly. "You might be telling the truth."
Most would've let themselves relax at that, but several of us heard the unspoken words in his
tone. "But?" Vivi asked, frowning and tensing up cautiously.
"But you might not be…" Wyper jerked his Burn Bazooka up, pointing it straight down at
Merry's deck. "And I'm not willing to take that chance."
"Even if it means dying with us?" Cross snapped. "Fair warning, you touch our ship, we kick
your ass! Don't you have anyone back home who'd miss you, or who'd need your strength? Is
the risk worth that much to you?"
Wyper stayed still for a moment before chuckling darkly. "That's not a good question to ask
me, Blue Sea Dweller, and let me tell you why. Up here, I'm known-"
"Let me guess… as The Berserker?" I asked rhetorically, raising my palm toward him.
"Bakudo #63: Sajō Sabaku!" I closed my fist, and called forth yellow energy in the form of
very thick ropes. They surrounded Wyper, and bound his upper body tightly, causing the
warrior to drop his Bazooka and his mask.
"Wh-What?!" he exclaimed. "RELEASE ME!"
"How about no." I replied dryly. "Like this, you won't be destroying our ship, and no harm
will come to you since we have no quarrel with you. I refuse to believe the Shandians are
uncivilised, so we're gonna keep having a nice conversation like civilised beings. Okay?"
"NEVER!" Wyper roared, struggling with all his might. "Talk all you want, these bonds won't
hold me forever, Blue Sea Dweller! You'll be the first I kill! You hear me?!"
I looked closely in his eyes… and unfortunately, I saw no lies. He truly meant what he said,
there would be no getting through to him. A shame, I was really hoping I could talk him
down and get an alliance with the Shandians more smoothly. Clearly, that would be pointless.

I sighed frustratedly. "Fine, have it your way. Just fuck off back home before I whup your
ass!" I called an end of the Sajō Sabaku into my hand, then grasped it with both, pulling
Wyper into the air, spinning him about for a few moments, then threw him into the distance,
where he vanished from view. Lucky for him, the Kido would undo within a minute, and if he
were smart, he'd do as I said.
Vivi frowned miserably and bowed her head as she crossed her arms. "I… I thought I was
getting through to him…" she muttered dejectedly.
"Do not blame yourself, young lady!" a voice rang out, precluding a large bird landing gently
on the deck, a heavily armored old man astride it. "Wyper is indeed a berserker, the chances
of reasoning with him were slim to none at best." He gave me a look, and nodded. "Quick
thinking to restrain him, young man. I thought I'd need to intervene myself."
"I suppose we'll take your word for it." Boss grunted. "But who are you? A friend of his?"
"Friend?" Gan Fall mused, shaking his head with a sigh. "Oh no, far from it; we have a
common enemy, but we have never considered each other as allies against him. No." He
pounded his fist against his chest confidently. I am the Sky Knight, a soldier for hire. My
name is Gan Fall, and this is my partner, Pierre."
"Bienvenue!" the bird saluted before recoiling at the snooty-AF French Waiter accent he'd
squawked in. "Sapristi! What ze 'ell-?"
"Could you get any more stereotypical? Cross deadpanned.
Soundbite sighed euphorically. "One day…"
"Ah…?"
"The Straw Hat Translation Service, brought to you by our resident Noise-Noise Fruitempowered jackass of a snail, Soundbite." Lasso yawned. "Live it, hate it, dream of mauling
him one day."
"Hey, you don't see any of us complaining." Mikey piped up.
"YEAH!" Terry agreed exuberantly. "SOME OF US ACTUALLY APPRECIATE THE
SKILL NEEDED TO TRANSLATE THE VOCABULARY OF SOMEONE
AS POWERFUL AS ME!"
"I haf to admit, my voice is stawting to gwow on me." Carue reluctantly admitted.
"Aye do believe zat I could get used to zees as well…" Pierre mused before raising his wing
and going through some bars. "La-la-la-La-!"
"Sky Knight or no, aren't knights known for riding on horses?" Raphey asked, tilting her
head.

Gan Fall chuckled. "As a matter of fact, Pierre is no ordinary bird; for you see, he too has
eaten a most unique Devil Fruit! He has partaken of the Horse-Horse Fruit, enabling him to
transform into-"
"A PEGASUS?! OH, this is too good!" Soundbite cackled.
"La-la-LA! Hey, what the-?!" Pierre squawked in protest as his voice went from Frenchy to…
heh, pony.
I snorted in amusement. "Soundbite, you do realize that Twilight is a unicorn-slash-alicorn,
not a pegasus right? You'll be wanting Rainbow Dash in this case."
"...huh, good point. Aw well, too late!"
Cross shot me a bemused expression. "You watched MLP?" he asked.
"Watched, not really. But I know enough. Besides, you couldn't make me care. It's no
different than liking Bluey."
"...what the hell is 'Bluey'?"
I started in surprise. "Oh yeah, that was after you left. I'll explain later."
"So, a soldier-for-hire, huh?" Reiju questioned. "So if you had actually gotten involved,
would we owe you money for your help?"
"Oh no, I would've given you a freebie then." Gan Fall waved off. "But I need to make a
living too, you know; if you ever need me, it will cost 5 million Extol."
"FIVE MILLI- wait, what's Extol?" Nami asked curiously, before returning to viciousness.
"AND THAT'S STILL TOO MUCH!"
"You don't even know the exchange rate, sweetheart." I sighed. "It's… errr… Cross?"
The Commie considered this for a few moments. "...10,000 Extol to a Beri, if I recall
correctly."
"Right, so… no more than a 500 Beri coin!" I figured out triumphantly. I quickly reached out
and grabbed Nami's chin, turning her to face me. "Do NOT call the price of a soda a ripoff, I
swear to Goda."
"But Darling~" she whined.
"NO."
"Ah, wait, wait!" Gan Fall waved his hands hastily, trying to keep up. "You-You mean to say
that you do not have any Extol? But how is that possible? Surely you should have picked

some up on the previous islands on your way here, no?"
Nami crossed her arms with a snort. "We were in a bit of a rush back down at Sea Level, so
we took the only way up we had. We just got here a few minutes ago."
"My word…" Gan Fall breathed in awe as he stared at us, his eyes wide with disbelief. So
there are still people brave enough to ride the Knock-Up Stream. I didn't think there was
anyone else left in the world who was that bold! You must be navigators of exceptional
bravery and skill."
"O-Oh, well now…" Nami paused in a taken-aback manner, luminescent blush painting her
cheeks. "T-That's very nice of you to say, and I appreciate the compliment…"
I hugged Nami to my side. "Thaaat's right! You're looking at the future cartographer of the
World Atlas, after all! Nobody navigates better than Nami."
"Oh, stop it, you!"
"Indeed. At any rate, here." The knight dug a whistle out of his things and tossed it to Vivi,
who nearly fumbled it in surprise. "Blow that whistle, and I shall come to your aid wherever
you might be, free of charge. But only once. I gift it to you in honor of your immense
bravery!"
Gan Fall then slung his leg over Pierre's back, who glared daggers at Soundbite and was
careful to stay silent. The giga-bird began to morph, transforming into… ergh… a rather
unimpressive pegasus form. "FARE THEE WELL, BRAVE TRAVELERS!" he called out.
But before his partner carried them off into the sky, Isaiah flew over and perched himself
upon Pierre's head. "I'm on a horse." he stated smugly.
*THUNK-THUNK-THUNK-THUNK*
Cross promptly started ramming his head into Merry's mainmast, to the crew's amusement.
"...am I missing something?" Gan Fall asked.
"Inside joke, pay it no nevermind." I muttered through my snorting.
Gan Fall shrugged in acceptance, and he and his now-silent partner flew off into the distance.
Cross sighed. "Ugh, whatever. At any rate…" he turned and addressed the whole crew. "Now,
everyone, listen up. This is extremely important." That got him everyone's undivided
attention. "Once we reach the White-White Sea - the upper layer of the Cumuloregalis about
3000 meters above us- Evan and I won't be able to talk freely about what we know. Sensitive
matters and all that. Everything will be fine for the immediate future, and we can tell you
about the rough stuff when the rough gets going. But until the day after tomorrow, don't go
asking us anything we shouldn't know. Otherwise… well, let's just say that failure up here is
not an option for anyone with a conscience. Got it?"

He received a round of nods and affirmatives, both shaky and confident alike, from the
others.
"Good. Now then, if you'll excuse me, I'm taking Evan so we can get writing down what's
going to happen so we don't need to speak it aloud later. Robin, care to help us out?"
"Me?" she asked in surprise.
"Her?" several others concurred.
"We could use the nearly-unlimited extra sets of hands to make copies, and I'm sure she's the
only one of us who has any decent amount of experience in keeping her mouth shut knowing
that any slip-ups could get her dead."
"Excuse me?" Vivi snapped indignantly, only to wilt under glares from Zoro, Nami,
Soundbite and Cross. "...one slip of the tongue one time, and you just can't let it go, can
you?"
"NO."
"Plus, she'd just use her powers to peek anyway." Cross grinned cheekily. "This way, I
imagine she'll enjoy helping us figure out how to properly mess with you all."
Robin blinked curiously, before grinning with equal cheekiness and slinking past the Commie
toward the lounge. "You know me so well, Mister Jeremiah." she crooned.
Cross stiffened, then rammed his knuckles into a thigh to calm down, pinning her with a cold
glare. "Move along."
'Christ On Ice, Robin…' I thought to myself as she obeyed with an airy chuckle.
"By the way, Usopp," Cross continued. "I'm gonna want to talk to you once I'm done. And
bring your tools; you're gonna have to work fast."
"Does that involve me, too?" Lasso asked cautiously.
"It could if you want it to." he offered, before pausing in thought. "It could also involve a
discussion with Chopper about Rumble Balls…?"
Lassoo snorted and waved his paw. "Pass. I'm a gun that can turn into a god, I'm badass
enough already. I let those two dig around in me before, and it was a miracle that the only
thing to go wrong was the oil, I'm not letting them go for round two."
"HEY!" the aforementioned yelled in offense.
"Cross shrugged indifferently. "Fair enough. Anyway, let's get sailing, people. Set sail for that
cloudfall over yonder!" He indicated the horizon before heading up towards the cabin.

As I followed, Boss heaved out a heavy sigh. "Is anyone else starting to get tired of their
cryptic ass Sea King shite?"
"Give it time, Boss. It'll become clear one day…" I spoke over my shoulder.
Benefits to being this high in the atmosphere, the White Sea (and assumedly the White-White
Sea, too) lacked the insane weather patterns of the Grand Line. We haven't sailed waters this
calm since East Blue. This led to most of the crew relaxing for once, even Nami. A clear
landmark and mild weather make navigation child's play to her, naturally.
Meanwhile, with Robin's help, Cross and I got plenty of copies of the notes detailing
anything relevant about the Skypiea Arc. Eneru, his priests and enforcers, an outline of the
war. Notes on the named Shandians, which ones were reasonable and how to get them on our
side, and of course, emphasis on the need to Strategically Transfer Equipment to Alternative
Locations for any and all Dials whenever possible.
"Are you sure that we don't need more than this?" Robin asked quietly.
"Nah, we've got enough." Cross shook his head, double-checking what we got down. "One
copy each for you, Zoro, Nami, Usopp, Sanji, Reiju, Chopper, Vivi, Boss, and for the TDWS
to split. Luffy wouldn't want one, and really, he doesn't need it."
"I was actually referring to the fact that you've only given the most basic details regarding
events that, if left unchanged, would destroy an entire island and thousands of lives." she
replied warily, looking through her own copy with unease. "I assume you can both
understand why that bothers me."
"Oh, I'm sure." I nodded in understanding. "Still, if there's anything we've learned thus far, it's
that fate possesses an auto-correct." I recalled the jackasses that nearly waylaid Reiju and I,
while Cross rubbed his shoulder. "If everyone relies too much on details that may-or-may-not
happen, things could go way worse than anticipated."
"Exactly." Cross agreed, sliding the other notes into his messenger bag. "And the absolute last
thing we need is anything going… 'Nine Minutes' brand of worse." Both of us shuddered
heavily at the reminder of that story.
"...'Nine Minutes'?"
"DON'T ASK." we spoke in stereo, in a tone that brokered no argument. Cross shook his
head. "At least this way, there's a chance that if all goes well, we can save Angel Island. If
not… we'll at least cut down on how many people die or, at minimum, fry. If that's all we can
do, then we'll have to be satisfied with it." I nodded in agreement.
Robin looked at us each with an appraising, curious expression. "If I can't ask how you two
know all of this-"
Cross jabbed a thumb over his shoulder. "Crew's right out there, I'm certain they'll be all ears

for your story." he deadpanned.
Robin twitched slightly, and moved on. "-then may I ask why you follow the path that your
knowledge lays out for you, knowing all of the difficulties and dangers along the way? I
never had a choice, but as you, Cross, have no bounty… for now, I can only assume that you
choose this path willingly, even knowing how much things could go wrong. So, why did you
do it?"
Cross blinked in surprise before chuckling darkly. "Well, believe me, it wasn't my choice at
first; suffice to say, I got a bit mouthy, one thing led to another, and I wound up in the East
Blue. After that, I got lucky enough to run into Luffy and the crew at the time, which was
everyone from Sanji and Reiju down and…well…" he trailed off, recalling that day in
particular. "I'll be honest… I'd originally planned on joining the Straw Hats for the same
reason as you: survival. I knew they were strong, I knew they were… relatively morally
upstanding, and while their journey was never going to be safe, at least I'd be with the people
who'd ultimately pull through."
"But something happened." Robin divined.
Cross' eyes glazed over slightly, then he grinned warmly at a memory. "Yeah, something
happened alright: the force of nature that is Monkey D. Luffy. The guy is hopeless in a
number of ways. He can't swing a sword with a damn, or cook, or navigate, or lie… no
medical skills I'd ever let him try on me, he's a bottomless pit, and as far as intelligence he's-"
"A GOOFBALL! A wingnut! A KNUCKLEHEAD MCSPAZATRON!" Soundbite eagerly
provided.
Cross cocked an eyebrow at the snail. "Didn't you use that one back when we first met the
crew?"
"HEY, YOU'RE NOT the only one reminiscing! Talking about back then SPARKED
MY- say, did we EVER PAY LUFFY BACK FOR KNOCKING US OUTTA THAT TREE?"
Cross frowned. "You know what, I don't think we ever did…"
"Your point, Mister Jeremiah. About our Captain's many faults?" Robin asked, though her
smile said that she didn't mind the delay.
"As I was saying, for all of Luffy's flaws, making fast friends isn't one of them. I planned to
join this crew for my own benefit, but…" he chuckled, shrugging helplessly. "Instead I got
ensnared and drawn into this life hook, line, sinker and rod. I tried to keep it intellectual, to
play it safe, but they had other ideas. Simply put… I intended to sail with the Straw Hats, but
instead, at some point or another, I became a Straw Hat. To be honest, I wasn't exactly
protesting too much."
"Intriguing, truly, but I'm not sure that it answers my original question."
Cross shrugged. "95% of our knowledge is centered around the Straw Hat Pirates, their lives,

their journey. I originally joined them so I could use that knowledge and stay safe."
Robin cocked an eyebrow at the man's tone of voice. "But no longer, I take it?"
Cross smiled wistfully, nodding in agreement. "I'm no longer content with just 'knowing' the
journey, Robin. Now… now I want to be a part of it."
Robin processed this before glancing back at her notes. "And despite everything, the lifethreatening situations, the abuse at the hands of your fellow crewmates-"
"Hey, it's not like they're actively aiming to hurt-hurt me! There's a world of emotional pain
between getting clocked over the head by a closed fist and getting a slap from an open hand.
Besides, I used to be a lot more squishy. It's actually kinda nice to be able to take hits and
keep on rolling without worry!"
Robin took this in with several moments worth of pondering. Then, she turned to me. "And
what of you, Mister Seidler? Is any of this familiar to your own perspective?"
I chuckled. "First of all, Mister Seidler was my father, so stop that. Second of all… sort of. I
started out with similarly no choice, but I lucked out far more than Cross on several levels. In
the end, I sought out the Straw Hat Pirates not for survival, but because of the adventure. The
prospect of turning the world on its head. Doing all sorts of good all over. I've got these
powers of mine, and I'm gonna make damn sure I put them to good use."
Robin nodded. "That aside, with all of that as well as how little you imply that you're capable
of changing the outcome, you both still believe that following the path your knowledge leads
you down has more good than bad?"
"Let me put it this way, Robin: you remember getting filled in about the events on Drum
Island? Well, the problem is, Mushuru wasn't meant to be there. Same with the Mister Six
Team in Alubarna. Hiccups in the events that we know, fate throwing curveballs for fun."
"It's hard at times, and I'll admit that certain events could shatter all the confidence either of
us have, but I know we're still on the right path." Cross concluded. "When all is said and
done, I have confidence in following my dreams."
Robin sighed. "Then I hope you're prepared for the disappointment that will come one day."
The sheer brokenness in her voice made me wince hard. I thought of what to say, but Cross
beat me to it. "Tommorow, when we set out again… do your best to find your way to
Shandora."
Robin glanced up curiously. "And the reason for this prompting is…?"
Cross spread his hands helplessly. "Because while it will be a hard and perilous journey,
those are often the most rewarding of all."
The archeologist pondered his words, before smiling and nodding slightly, hints of hope in

her expression. "Very well, then. I'll just have to trust you… Cross. Evan."

~BtWwG~​

Not terribly long after, we finally reached our land- er, cloudmark. The cloud-fall that
reached into the heavens looked huge from a distance. Up close? Positively titanic. Indeed,
Heaven's Gate was an awe-inspiring sight.
"That name does not fill me with confidence…" Usopp swallowed nervously at the signage.
"Oh, so dat ain't just me?" Carue quacked in agreement.
"Oh, calm down!" Boss scoffed with a wave of his hand. "Ya bunch of pussies. I, for one,
think this to be exciting! For to storm the very gates of Heaven itse- ERK!" The dugong froze
as a certain cyan rod tapped itself atop his shell.
"Not the ti-" Nami began frigidly.
"Is it not A MAN'S ROMANCE?!" I interrupted gleefully, concluding his words with a fist in
the air.
"GO, EVAN, GO!" the TDWS cheered.
"Yooouuu…" Nami seethed, pointing the clima-tact at me.
"Heheheheheheh…" I giggled like a gremlin.
"Woohoo!" Luffy cheered eagerly. "Heaven, heaven, we're all going to heaven!"
"This is going to be quite the experience…" Robin mused.
"Never expected to get up here in any sense of the word, did ya?" Cross grinned cheekily,
only to grimace as a hand smacked the back of his head. "Okay, bad taste, my mistake."
"Anything we should look out for, boys?" Vivi asked, examining the gateway.

I saw a door opening up, and pointed it out. "Ahoy, over yonder."
"Pardon me," Amazon called out, actively taking our pictures with a Vision Dial. "But are
you here as tourists, or as invaders?" She continued before anyone could respond. "Either
way, it doesn't matter. If you wish to ascend to the White-White Sea, the price is One Billion
Extol per person. That is the law."
Sanji paled in horror as he took in the gatekeeper. "Please tell me that not all angels look that
old up here…" he whimpered pitifully.
"Don't worry, Simp King, you'll be fine." Cross muttered with a roll of the eyes.
"THANK GOD!"
'Oof, very poor choice of words…' I internally winced.
Nami began making some mental calculations, and raised her hand curiously. "Ah, pardon
me, but do animals count towards the total tally?"
"It doesn't matter either way," Amazon shrugged noncommittally. "As it is not necessary to
pay the toll to pass."
"SERIOUSLY?!" Usopp, Carue and Chopper yelped in shock.
"WOOHOO!" Nami cheered eagerly. "That means we don't have to pay over a million Beri
in entry fees!"
Vivi, meanwhile, was far more cautious. "We really don't need to pay?" she asked skeptically.
"Not one single Extol?"
"Of course not." Amazon nodded solemnly. "The choice on whether to pay or not is entirely
yours. I am neither a guardian nor an enforcer, I neither can nor will stop you. My purpose
here is merely to observe and record."
Vivi's eyes narrowed accusingly. "So that you can relay who does and doesn't pay to the local
authorities."
Those on the crew that understood tensed up as Amazon smirked. "You would be surprised at
how few read between the lines…" she chuckled knowingly.
Zoro glanced cautiously at the Commie. "Cross-?"
He gave the swordsman a flat look. "Do you seriously think we'd be able to go ten
minutes without breaking any laws even if we did pay?"
"THUG LIFE! Yippee-kai-YAY!" Soundbite whooped ecstatically.
"Besides, how likely is it that Nami would ever consider handing over that much money for

something so… 'Trivial'?"
"None at all!" I exclaimed, lugging a sack of cash onto the deck in front of me. "That's
why I'll be fronting the fees for this venture!"
Cross cocked an eyebrow at me. "You sure? Like I said, no more than ten minutes."
I shrugged. "Eh, why not. What's the use of having 'fuck you' money if I don't actually use it?
Plus, it may buy us more time." I reached into the sack for stacks of bills, only to pause and
turn back to Amazon. "Do the animals count in the tally?"
Amazon shrugged. "They do now."
I rolled my eyes. "Of course. So, 10,000 Extol to the Beri, that's… 100,000 Beri per person,
so…" I fished out all the needed Beri bundles. "1.8 Million Beri for the fee." I quickly
Shunpo'd over to hand off the money.
"Thank you, young man." Amazon nodded.
"Pleasure doing business with you." I saluted, promptly returning to the Merry.
The elderly gatekeeper set the fee aside, and dug through her robes. She withdrew and
activated a Tone Dial. This signal called a pair of big-ass claws to burst from the river
beneath us, latching onto the remains of Merry's wings.
"This is the Lobster Express of the White Sea." Amazon called out. "Hold on tight, and enjoy
the ride."
Just like that, for a second time, Merry accelerated to speeds that no caravel had ever
achieved before, throwing us off our feet and leaving us grasping at whatever we could grab
as we wound our way up the Milky Road to the White-White Sea. The thrilling ride didn't
last, and concluded with us shooting up and out of the clouds to behold a veritable tropical
paradise right before us.
Trees all over, giant chains of plant matter supporting the massive Milky Roads that stretched
to and fro. The buildings looked somewhat normal, if heavy on staircases. But the impossible
bit about Angel Island? How it seemed to be built on entirely different layers of clouds.
Astounding, really.
"Do your best, and if that's all you can do, be satisfied with it." Robin said softly to Cross and
I, a ghost of a smile upon her lips.
"That's the spirit, Robin." I grinned.
We reached the shore of Angel Beach, and Luffy, Chopper and Usopp leaped ashore with
eager cries of joy, running about like maniacs. Our saner crew members did not follow suit,
but to a one, we were staring in awe at the situation. Even Soundbite and Zoro weren't
immune.

"So, what are you two gonna do now?" Cross asked the two South Birds, who had yet to bail
on us.
"Hmm," Isaiah nodded to him. "I will readily admit that I was initially unprepared to
accompany your crew on this journey. However… apart from the fact that I'm interested in
learning more about these 'Shandians' that Wyper fellow mentioned, the magnificent suavity
of the voice I now have is a treasure that I don't intend to give up so easily."
"For once, I agree with him," Terry said calmly… before going right back to loud. "I'M NOT
READY TO GIVE UP BEING ABLE TO SPEAK WITH A VOICE THAT SO PERFECTLY
MATCHES MY POWEEEEEER!"
I had to fight back some snickering. These two were a riot.
"Alright, have it your way." Cross rolled his eyes. "But behave yourselves, got it?" Both birds
nodded in response.
"So, Cross," Vivi asked, slowly sliding up near him. "What kind of trouble would we be in hell, might still be, even- if Evan hadn't paid the entry fee?"
He chuckled, shaking his head placatingly as he knelt down to unfasten his gauntlets and
greaves. "Don't worry, don't worry, it's fine. I'll tell you, I swear! I just need to do one thing
first."
Vivi perked up. "And that would be-?"
"WOOHOO, SKY ISLAND!" Cross crowed, vaulting over the edge of the Merry and
running toward the beach.
"DAMMIT, CROSS!" Vivi screamed after him.
"DON'T CARE, HAVING TOO MUCH FUN!"
"Aw, c'mon, Vivi, live a little!" Nami prompted with a chuckle, patting her friend's shoulder.
"I mean, he's not wrong! Look around!" She waved an arm at the surrounding area. "We're in
the sky, Vivi! We are stepping where no man-!"
"Where few Blue Sea Dwellers, have gone before." I corrected and finished.
"...alright, that takes a lot of the steam out of me, but…" Nami leaped into the surf and
stretched her arms with a euphoric groan. "Come on, it's a beach! In the sky! The Navy can't
reach us here… can they?"
I Shunpo'd down to join her. "If it were that easy to get up here, the World Government
would've claimed or conquered some territory already. There's a hell of a lot more sky islands
out there, and they'd need to find just the right Knock-Up Stream. We could stay here for a
year, and never be bothered by the whitehats."

"Eeeheehee, then that means I can finally take some time to cut loose and relax on an actual
beach!" Nami giggled. "I haven't taken the time to relax on one since before I met Luffy!"
"Heheh, ye- hey, wait, me neither!" Cross sat up from where he was rolling around on the
beach with Chopper. "The only beach I've been to since I left home was the one on the island
I was marooned on, and that sort of took any possible enjoyment out of it! Damn, this
adventure has been hectic so far!"
"But I must admit that it has its advantages…" Robin mused, moving towards the railing.
"Until now I never stopped to think of any of this as adventurous. Perhaps I should reconsider
my stance." And with that, she too jumped into the clouds.
"You heard the scary-ass assassin lady!" Boss whooped from the tree he was hanging out of.
"Boys, I have but one order for you! Cu~t loo~se!"
"Aye-aye, Boss!" the four students cheered, spreading out to enjoy the scenery.
"C'mon, Vivi!" Carue called. "Twy to have fun! We can wowwy about whatevah twouble we
get into when it happens, but wight now, this is fweaking amazing!"
"Hey Carue, check this out!"
*CLONK*
"QUAGH! WATCH IT, LUFFY!"
Vivi chewed her lip for a moment before ultimately sighing, allowing a smile to come over
her face. "Why do I even try to be sensible around a crew like this? I just can't stay worried."
she reflected fondly.
"That's the spirit! Now, do me a favor, would you?"
"What is it, Cro-?"
*SPLAT*
Cross grinned, having nailed the Princess with a slushy cloudball. "Did that feel like a
snowball to you or should I pack it tighter-?"
"GET BACK HERE SO THAT I CAN DROWN YOU, CROSS!"
"PFHAHAHA! CATCH ME FIRST, WEAK-WIMP!"
"PREPARE TO DIE, CROSS!" Sanji roared, in hot pursuit.
"LOOK OUT, wild cook ON THE LOOSE!"

"PFFHAHAHAHAHAAAA!!"
Nami chuckled at our crewmates' antics, turned to me, and promptly froze. "No." she spoke
firmly, pointing at me and my vulpine grin. "No… no… STO-"
*SPLAT*
"That's odd. I'm so used to hearing the exact opposite from you." My grin widened. "All the
time, really."
"Oh, that is it! GET OVER HERE, DARLING! PREPARE TO EAT IT!"
"Don't I always?! BAH-HAHAHAHAAAHAHA!!"
For the next few minutes, everyone had some measure of fun, and mine and Nami's merry
chase ended with us playfully rolling about on the beach, trying to pin each other down. We
only ended up pausing when the air became filled with beautiful music.
The source, of course, was a harp being played by a lovely young lady on a hill of cloud
several meters away. She was damn good, too. "It's an angel." Sanji breathed in shock.
"Indeed she is. Now, if you'll excuse me." Cross grinned, getting away from the formerlyenraged love cook. He waited until she stopped playing, then called out to her. "Heso!"
Conis started in shock before smiling kindly and waving back. "Heso! Are you from the Blue
Sea?"
"Yeah, we flew up here in our ship." Luffy nodded in his usual devil-may-care manner. "Do
you live up here?"
"Indeed I do." Conis nodded, striding up to us. "Welcome to Skypeia's Angel Beach, my
home." She noticed the (kek) giant nuts Luffy carried and giggled in amusement. "I see
you're eager to try some Conash, hm? You won't have any luck that way, though. The outside
of the shell is hard as steel; you need to cut through the underside." She promptly
demonstrated with a switchblade she pulled from… 'wait a minute, what…?'
Cross was just as befuddled, trying and failing to find pockets in examining her dress. "Ah…
where exactly did you-?"
Conis grinned cheekily, returning the knife to wherever she pulled it from, then picking up
her pet. "My name is Conis, and this is my pet cloud fox, Su."
"Su-so! It's nice to meet you- what in the name of the great lightning bast- MMPH?!"
Conis hastily clamped her hand over Su's muzzle with a mildly panicked expression. After a
moment to confirm that Earlobe Eminem wasn't gonna smite us, Cross gave Soundbite a
quizzical look. "Should I recognize that one?" he asked, referring to the voice.

"You didn't watch POKEMON?" Soundbite asked in honest surprise, tilting his head.
"BUT you mentioned Greninja back in ALABASTA."
"I did watch it… to Diamond and Pearl, anyway." he mused, shaking his head. "And anyway,
they didn't use… Vulpix, isn't it?" Soundbite nodded. "Yeah, didn't show up again past…
Ruby and Sapphire series, maybe? Besides, she never said anything besides 'Vulpix'."
"FAIR 'NOUGH."
"Um, excuse me, but… you're responsible for Su talking?" Conis asked shakily.
"He is." Cross pointed to Soundbite with a flat look. "Yeah, our ship is pretty chock-full of
Devil Fruit users. Soundbite is one of the least-!" *CHOMP* "YEOWCH! Ok, ok,
withdrawn!" Cross yelped, tugging at the snail gnawing on his neck.
"Ah, getting back to my talking cloud fox, please?" Conis used her free hand to point at the
struggling Su.
"Noise-Noise Fruit, one of the many uses he's come up with for it is for him to act as a
translator for animals. Sorry?"
Su stopped struggling for a moment before nodding in agreement. "Heso? Heso? Holy goatsack ass-biters! I can actually talk!"
"Su, what did I just say?!"
"What?! I didn't say anything about him!"
I cackled along with Soundbite at Su's revealed personality. Nothing like her mistress, but
considering the situation they're all in, It's not surprising. I'd be a pissed off little shit, too.
"INCOMING sea-scooter." Soundbite suddenly announced.
"Oh, the klutz is back!" Su perked up happily.
"SU!"
"The charm wears off fast, don't it?" Cross snickered.
Conis fumed silently for a moment before looking out to sea, smiling fondly. "Well, it looks
like my father's back from fishing! Heso, father!"
"Conis, Heso!" Pagaya waved back, making him shake badly on the waver.
"What the heck does 'Heso' mean?!" Luffy questioned in confusion.
"Local greeting, Luffy." I responded immediately.

"Oohh, okay!"
"Say, what's he riding?" Nami asked, gazing curiously at the fast-approaching Pagaya.
"It looks cool!" Chopper squealed eagerly.
Pagaya began swerving a bit as he got closer. "Pardon me. I'm coming ashore!"
'Yeah, at ramming speed, maybe!' I thought in panic, taking a stance.
With Soundbite's cry of "DOOOODGE!", Cross threw himself to the side to avoid.
Pointlessly, as I reached out and grabbed the runaway waver, the impact making me skid
backward a few meters. I set the transport down gently, letting Pagaya clamber out.
"Thank you very much." he stated gratefully. "You're not hurt, are you?"
"Nope! Tough as nails, me." I replied, beating a fist to my chest.
"Darling, is that a fully-functional version of that thing we salvaged from the Saint Briss?"
Nami asked.
"Damn right. They're called Wavers. The one we found has at least twice the horsepower due
to a rare Dial, though."
Conis gave me a surprised look. "Wait, you know about Wavers, too? And you have one?"
"Eh, yes and no." Cross wavered his hand. "That one's the first we've seen in person, the one
we have is sky-based, too. We only have it because we found it in a two-century-old
shipwreck that fell on top of us yesterday."
"I… see…" Conis hedged uneasily, processing this new information.
"Oh, hello there." Pagaya waved in greeting. "I take it you must be from the Blue Sea?"
"Yup yup yup!" Soundbite piped up.
"Devil Fruit." Cross said before Pagaya could ask.
"Ah. Well, I see you've met my daughter. My name is Pagaya, it's a pleasure to meet you."
"Jeremiah Cross and Soundbite, same to you. And this is Evan. I don't suppose you know
anyone good with Wavers? The one we found needs some serious repair work; the Dial
engines looked intact, but besides that-"
"You guys sure do know a lot. Have you been to a Sky Island before?" Conis asked
wonderingly.
"No, but Evan and I have both read a very detailed story about a crew that did travel to one."

Cross answered mostly-truthfully. Then he facepalmed, grimacing. "Damn, I forgot to bring
vearth."
"Yeah, you did." I smirked. "I, on the other hand, filled up a couple of barrels before we left."
"Oh, is that why we have barrels of dirt on board?" Zoro asked.
"I got a jar o' di~rt, I got a jar o' di~rt, I got a jar o' di~rt, and guess what's inside it?"
Soundbite sang.
"What could a most beautiful angel of the heavens," Sanji simped dreamily before snapping
back to affronted, "What with dirt?"
"Q-Quite a bit, actually!" Conis jumped in shock. "You see, Island Cloud -that is to say, the
cloud we are standing on now- is capable of sustaining plant life, but it cannot cause it to
sprout. To grow our crops, those of us who inhabit the sky need vearth. As such, it is a highly
sacred substance to us. Two whole barrel-fuls, that would be beyond beneficial to us!"
"Perfect! Any chance we could trade some for any spare Dials you have and a good
repairman for the fossil-waver we have?" Cross asked the potential trade-ees.
"P-Pardon me, but I'm a Dial-engineer myself. I'll gladly take a look at it, and we have a
small collection of spare Dials in our house." Pagaya said, both shocked and happy. "I'd say a
few jar-fulls would be more than a fair trade. Thank you."
"Yay!" Su cheered happily. "We can grow our own foxnip now!"
Conis winced uncomfortably. "Su, the last time you got foxnip, you made your way through
the town six times before we managed to catch you!"
The cloud fox's response was to giggle and wave her tail happily. "I know! Why do you think
I want to try it again?"
"You're MY KIND of fox, GIRLY!" Soundbite cackled.
"Thanks! You're pretty cool yourself, greaseball!"
Cross slapped a hand on Soundbite's shell with a grimace. "Talking animal companions. Can't
live with 'em, can barely live without them, am I right?"
"I'm starting to get the picture…" Conis concurred morosely.
While Zoro retrieved the waver and Sanji went to get some soil from my barrels, a round of
introductions and conversation followed as Conis and Pagaya learned of the unfamiliar
species of Supersonic Ducks, Kung-Fu Dugongs, etc. Once the vearth was handed off to our
overjoyed hosts, Nami took Pagaya's Waver out for a spin after we kept Luffy away from it.
Neither Cross nor I informed her that it was meant to take ten years to get Waver-riding
down. That would result in more gloating than even I could stand.

Even so, watching her zipping about so effortlessly on that rise… woof. She was always
beautiful, but seeing her out there, Waver-riding like a pro, made me sigh in contentment.
Forget whoever has the Lucky-Lucky Fruit, I'm the luckiest being on any part of this planet.
Either way, Pagaya told us he'd be able to repair the Jet Waver once he got back to his house,
and invited the crew to dinner, so we got Nami called back to the beach.
On the walk to Pagaya and Conis' place, we passed the cloud quarry, which prompted him to
explain the formation of the island cloud. Something about cloud density increasing from
volcanic eruptions sending up pyrobloin. Honestly, I was only half-listening. Everything was
way too cool. Upon arrival, Sanji, Reiju and Pagaya went straight to the kitchen, and Conis
retrieved a box full of Dials. We ended up with a couple of new Water Dials, Flavor Dial and
a Vision Dial that we were taught how it worked. Shortly after, we began to enjoy a meal of
some seriously sweet lobster and a selection of island fruit.
"Lobster tail…" Cross moaned euphorically around some of the delicious meat. "Mother of
Oceans, I haven't eaten lobster in so long…"
"Didn't know you were that big a fan of the shelled meats, Cross." Sanji chuckled.
"Lobster tail, bisque or shrimp, Sanji…" Cross chuckled eagerly. "Either or, I couldn't give a
damn. Just gimme some and it'll be nice and gone!"
"Is it cannibalism, you ask?" Soundbite mused around the claw he was gnawing on before
annihilating it and swallowing it whole. "MAYBE! BUT IT'S TOO DELICIOUS FOR ME
TO CARE!"
"We'll need to keep that in mind when we next have some, won't we, little brother?" Reiju
giggled at the Commies' enthusiasm. Sanji nodded in agreement.
"So, Pagaya," Robin began. "While we may be somewhat familiar with the culture of Sky
Islands in general, I'm curious as to how your day-to-day lives go on this island. Would you
mind telling us more about your culture?"
That little query got our Skypeian hosts to have minute full-body clenches, and even Su's tail
fluffed out in agitation. Several of the crew also took notice. However, Pagaya and Conis
remained otherwise fully composed.
"Well, pardon me if I'm not all that detailed in my recollections, but as you said, you want to
hear the day-to-day affairs, and those tend to blur together." Pagaya mused thoughtfully.
"Typically, I spend my day either making any Dial-devices that are commissioned from me
by clients or repairing any broken appliances that I'm asked to. It's not really all that
fascinating, to be honest. Dial-engineering is quite straightforward once you've learned it.
Apart from that, it's mostly just fishing trips for food and for sale."
"I spend most of my time walking the beach or practicing my harpistry." Conis added. "I
sometimes go to Lovely Street, to shop for more Dials for father or to get other ingredients,
either for dinner or the snacks I like to make for the local children." Her smile took on a

slightly saddened tint. "We're also something like unofficial lifeguards around here. I watch
over the children when they go swimming and…" Her smile trembled, ever so slightly. "I
welcome any Blue Sea Dwellers who come to visit. It's not uncommon, and I don't think I
ever get tired of explaining the way things work up here and seeing their surprise." She then
chuckled, her mood lightening up significantly. "But I have to admit, it was a pleasant
surprise when I heard you say 'Heso', Cross; it's the first time I've met a Blue Sea Dweller
familiar with our culture."
"Well, I just knew the stories," Cross replied, sheepishly grinning and scratching his head.
"At the time, I didn't think I'd ever actually end up with anyone crazy enough to prove them
true. But I'm glad I did; if our crew ever retires, I say we should come back here and live out
our lives."
"Seconded!" most of the crew called out, and Robin's honest smile told that she agreed as
well. But the smile Conis gave in response was noticeably strained.
Vivi's smile vanished completely, morphing into a serious frown as she leaned forward,
scrutinizing the angel intently. "Conis." she began in a very business-like tone. "Seeing as
you're so familiar with the ins and outs of Skypeian immigration, there's something I've been
meaning to ask."
Conis blinked in confusion before smiling invitingly. "Sure thing, what is it, Vivi?"
"What exactly would be the consequences of entering Skypeia without paying the necessary
toll at Heaven's Gate?"
Conis blinked in surprise, then she and Pagaya all but froze up. "A-Are you saying-?"
"Oh, no, I paid our way up!" I assured them quickly. "Vivi is asking simply out of curiosity,
really."
"Oh. W-Well, that would've made you illegal entrants, m-meaning that the island's law
enforcement, the White Berets, would most likely arrive to arrest you quite quickly." Conis
said with a little worry. In spite of the assurances, her knuckles were white as they bunched
up her dress.
"Though that would only be a minor crime." Pagaya continued. "Which would be easily
resolved by paying the fine. Ten times the entry fee, as I recall."
"And if one didn't pay that?" Nami asked, eyes narrowing.
Pagaya swallowed heavily, slightly averting his gaze. "Pardon me, but we would have
suggested to those criminals that it would be best to leave as soon as possible." Conis, on the
other hand, averted her gaze much more overtly, refusing to meet any of our eyes as she bit
into her lower lip. Su likewise had sunk her fangs into her tail-tip and glared daggers at
nothing.
"Why are you hesitating so much?" Nami asked, breaking the minute-long silence. "It's not

like we'll repeat anything you tell us that could get you in trouble."
At that point, all three natives winced visibly, Pagaya and Conis in fear and Su in rapidly
mounting fury.
"P-Pardon our reaction, it's just-!" Pagaya started to hedge before Conis cut in.
"W-We can't say anything." Conis grit out reluctantly, fear coating her voice. "God can hear
us everywhere, and if he hears us-!"
"Conis!" Pagaya interrupted, cold sweat on her brow.
"God?" Zoro asked, raising an eyebrow, but Soundbite cut in before he could say anything
else.
"THERE'S ONLY ONE omniscient eavesdropper in the world, AND THAT'S ME!" he spat
out viciously before gritting his teeth. "Gastro-SCRAMBLE!"
Suddenly, the sound of white noise filled the air, like a thousand untuned old-style TVs.
"Soundbite..." Cross tensed. "What did you just do?"
"I TUNED OUT any unwanted visitors!" Soundbite ground out darkly. "Anyone tries to
LISTEN IN, they ain't hearing JACK!"
"Y-You what?!" Conis yelped, eyes wide with panic. "Nononono, Soundbite, you can't! I-If
God Eneru notices-!"
"GOD?!" Usopp and Carue yelped fearfully.
"Soundbite, Conis is right, that was not the best decision to make." Robin nodded in concern,
having moved to the window where she could keep a careful eye on the surroundings. "If this
'God' individual really was listening to us, then the sudden loss of input will be as damning as
anything we could actually say."
"Yeah, but now the great lightning bastard can't hear us anymore, right?"
"SU!" Conis shrieked in panic.
"No, Conis!" Su snarled, arching her back with her fur fluffed in outrage. "I've been silent my
entire life, I've been docile, but now that I have a chance to speak and he can't hear anything,
I'm going to say the exact thing that you and everyone on Angel Beach has been thinking for
the past six years: Eneru is an evil, selfish, raging BASTARD!"
The room's mood intsantly jumped from tense to electric… but not literally, thank fuck. We
waited, and we listened, but besides the two Skypeian's looking to be on the verge of heart
attack, nothing happened.
'Jesus H. Tapdancing Christ on a Pogo Stick…' I exhaled in relief. 'Thank fuck for

Soundbite's skillz…'
"Well, now that that's settled," Su snorted, leaping onto the table to stare straight at Luffy.
"You! I saw the emblem on your flag: a skull and crossbones; a Jolly Roger. And combined
with that…" She moved her gaze upwards slightly, glancing at Luffy's hat for a moment
before refocusing. "You guys are all pirates, right?"
Luffy blinked in surprise before grinning eagerly. "Yup! And I'm the man who's going to be
the King of the Pirates!"
"Su, please-!" Conis started.
"If he could still hear us, we'd already be dead." the fox said dryly without ever shifting her
attention from Luffy. "And you. I'm assuming that little claim of yours means that you're
all strong pirates, right?"
I shrugged. "Anyone who went and crossed us has been beaten severely. Most recently, we
dealt with an enemy who was actually good enough to beat us. World-Class, even. But we
damn well got him in the end."
"World-Class?" Luffy asked, frowning. "If Crocodile's as strong as they're going to get-"
"Pff, you wish." Cross cut off flatly. "Granted, you guys beating him was likely in part due to
him underestimating you as rookies, and his own pride butting in. But managing to beat him
at any level is still damn impressive." He turned back to Su. "We're very strong."
Su was silent for a moment, then nodding firmly. "Then in that case, I have a request to make,
and it's a big one."
"Su, p-pardon me, but you can't-" Pagaya started.
"Watch me." Su shot back before pouncing to a position where she could look at all of us at
once. "This is going to sound dangerously insane, but at this point, I don't see any other
options." Su spread her limbs and bowed her head solemnly. "Please, help overthrow God
Eneru and free us from his tyranny!"
The words sunk in for a moment, and then we reacted appropriately.
"EEEEEHHHHH?!"
"SU!" Conis burst out in horror, jumping to her feet. "Y-You can't just ask anyone who comes
to us to die for our sake!"
"No, that's where you're wrong, Conis!" Su shot back, leaping forwards and glaring up at her
owner. "What I can't do is just stay silent and not do anything I can after watching you and
your dad suffer for six years! Six years, Conis! Six years I've been unable to say anything,
where I've been forced to watch as person after person came through this beach and died!
Well, now I can finally speak, and I'm taking the opportunity to do the one thing nobody has

dared to do in a long time, despite how much they've wanted to: ask for help!"
Conis was trembling, visibly conflicted. "I… I'm not-"
"Why would you want us to overthrow your 'God', and exactly what tyranny?" Robin asked.
"Some context would be nice." Reiju agreed. "I mean, when you call this Eneru guy 'God'-?"
"He's not actually a god!" Su interrupted hotly. "That's just the title the people here use for
their ruler, but it went straight to Eneru's head when he took over!" She snapped her gaze to
Pagaya. "Come on, klutzy, tell them! If he could actually hear us, we'd have fried ten times
over, so we're in the clear!"
Pagaya visibly hesitated for a moment, then sighed and hung his head in defeat. "Six years
ago, God Eneru and his so-called 'Priests' invaded our land of Skypeia." he recited sadly.
"Eneru and his acolytes defeated the army of the former God and banished him before taking
his place. Since then… Eneru has ruled over Skypeia with an iron fist."
Conis desperately swapped her gaze between her father and Su for a moment before the
energy seemed to flow out of her, sinking into her seat with her face buried in her hands. "He
can always hear us, no matter where we are." she croaked miserably. "He makes us guide all
criminals we find to God's Land, Upper Yard, where they are then hunted and killed for his
amusement by his priests. And… should anyone say anything or try to protest in any
manner…" Conis choked back a sob. "Then they are… put to death!" With that, Conis broke
down, sobbing miserably in spite of Pagaya doing his best to comfort her.
"I've had to watch this for six years." Su said, turning back to us. "Watch as this bastard made
the closest friend I have in life send people off to die with a smile. And I can't watch it for a
second longer. Unless something is done…" Su bowed her head solemnly. "Over twenty
years ago, another pirate crew came here, a fantastically strong one, whose leader
was righteous. I didn't see him, but my parents and all the other animals who were alive then
still speak of him to this day. We animals are the only ones brave enough to say anything
because Eneru has never paid direct attention to us, and this is the only chance I'll have to say
anything at all.
Tears, previously hidden by her pure white fur, dripped to the tabletop. "You're… You're our
last chance. So please… Help us…"
It should come to no surprise that the entire crew was pissed. Usopp and Carue, through their
shaking legs, held dark expressions. Sanji looked ready to explode into Diable Jambe several
arcs early. Reiju was crushing the metal spoon in her hands to a ball. Vivi was furious, clearly
affected at hearing how a ruler, no matter how despotic, could treat his people so cruelly.
Fuck, she might just spontaneously combust if she heard even a fifth of what the Celestial
Fuckshits have done.
My own rage was barely kept in check, the reiatsu blanketing everyone at a minimum due to
Nami squeezing my hand. She, on the other hand, seemed to be flashing back to the Arlong
days, her other hand unconsciously reaching for the clima-tact. And Luffy, well…

"Guys, I've decided." he said, getting to his feet and dropping the piece of meat he'd been
holding, hat shadowing his blazing eyes. "We're going to kick this god-guy's ass."
"Not that I'm objecting, Mister Captain, but what made you decide that? If I recall, despite
the tragedies in Alabasta, your only motivation was the Princess." Robin said, earning a glare
from Vivi that died upon seeing the fire in Robin's own eyes.
"Because she's our friend." Cross interrupted. "She greeted us warmly, invited us into her
home, let us eat her food. This may not seem like a lot, but Conis is our friend, and
personally, if I willingly left a friend in these kinds of conditions without doing
something, anything to help?" He shot a firm warning look at Robin. "Then I honestly
wouldn't be able to live with myself."
"What Cross said." Luffy growled, steam shooting out his nostrils.
"Well, looks like the Captain has made up his mind." Zoro remarked, grinning menacingly.
"So, Conis, how do we get to this 'Upper Yard' place?"
"W-What?!" Conis yelped desperately. "N-No, no! Please, I know what Su said, but-!"
"Conis." Vivi cut in, a hand on the angel's shoulder even as she visibly wrestled with her
temper. "Trust me, trying to fight this is a wholly futile endeavor. We are trying and doing it
because we want to. Rather than opposing us, you should be helping us find the best way to
reach 'God'."
"Besides," Nami drawled, absentmindedly spinning a segment of her staff. "This isn't the first
experience we've had like this; whenever Luffy sets his mind to something, no amount of
reasoning can make him abandon that course of action. The difference this time, however-"
She suddenly clenched the segment in a vein-popping death grip. "Is that we're all in
agreement. She then looked at Conis with a softer gaze. "So, please. How do we do this?"
Conis chewed her lip hesitantly as she weighed our words, looking down at where Su had
laid her paw on her knee. "Tell them, Conis." Su whispered. "Please."
Conis hiccuped as she looked at Su, before finally sighing and digging through her shirt and
withdrawing a shell-shaped whistle. "...There are three ways to get there, and considering that
you're wanted criminals already, two of them are immediately accessible, and both guarantee
that Eneru won't immediately strike you down…"
"Heso!" Came a chorus of voices from outside.
"The hell-?" Nami started, glancing towards the door.
"The White Berets?!" Conis yelped in surprise.
"Wait, but why are they here?" Reiju questioned irritably. "We didn't enter Skypeia illegally."

I rolled my eyes. "They're here to find any reason to declare us high-level criminals. Even if
it's a bunch of technicality bullshit."
The voice of who I assumed was Captain McKinley continued. "We've received word that a
crew of Blue Sea Dwellers have arrived at Angel Beach, and are here to-"
"Gastro-Phony." Cross bit out. The voice of McKinley fell silent, and he looked about with a
slightly desperate expression. "Alright, let's make this fast, before they clean themselves up
and return with reinforcements."
"C-Clean-? What did you-?"
"Let's just say you're going to need to wipe your front… everywhere, and leave it at that."
I leveled a flat look at the Commie. "Dude. I specifically paid the entry fee to, as I said, buy
time. We could have handled this gently!"
"I wasn't really willing to take chances, that's all.
I sighed. "Fine, whatever, it's done anyway." I placed a hand on Cross' shoulder. "You still
owe me 1.8 Million Beri, now."
"WHAT?!" / "HeeheeHooHooHAHAHA!!"

~BtWwG~​

Some time later, everything was in place. The Expeditionary Team, consisting of Nami, Zoro,
Vivi, Carue, Robin, Reiju, Chopper, Usopp, Boss, Raphey, Mikey, and myself (also Terry, but
whatever) would return to the Merry to be sent to the Sacrificial Altar, after which several of
us could go ashore and explore. Find some ruins, etc.
The Direct Route Team, consisting of Luffy, Cross and Soundbite, Sanji, Leo, and Donny
(also Isaiah, but whatever) would go on the path expected of them, where they would be
faced with the Ordeal Selection (Ordeal of Balls, in this case), and face at least one of the
Priests, and whatever else on their way to the Altar. Luckily, with the extra vearth I brought
up, this team would have the benefit of taking the big badass Bull Dial Boat rather than the

Crow one.
Cross breathed out a heavy sigh over Soundbite's voice-casting, Gastro-Scramble still in
effect, mind you. "Alright, we're ready on our end, as far as we can be. You guys?"
"Not exactly pleased about riding the all-too-literal express route twice in the same day, but
other than that?" Nami gave a nod. "We're ready."
"These pricks have been living in Heaven for some time." I uttered. "Let's give 'em some
Hell. Bonne chance, mes amis."
"You too, guys." he muttered, the line cutting off afterward. Moments later, the sea clouds of
the White-White Sea started churning, then*SPLOOSH*
They erupted, revealing a gi-huge-ic shrimp that snatched the Merry in its claws, only to turn
and start tear-assing through the waters. We watched the giant sky fish, chasing us to ensure
we didn't jump overboard, as the Express Shrimp took us to the Altar of Upper Yard. The
Punishment of Heaven had begun.
And we rode forth to meet it head-on.

Chapter 31: The War In Heaven
"You pain in the ass!" Boss yelled, punching a sky shark out of the sea clouds. He swam back
to us and got back up the altar to the ship. "Well, as good a workout as it may be, I guess you
landlubbers can't just swim to shore." Due to an absence of Soundbite, Chopper was
translating for our english-impaired friends.
"Yeah, no shit!" Nami yelled irritably. "The water is teeming with those damn sky sharks!"
"Grrr…" Zoro growled in annoyance. "I can't believe that overgrown
crustacean actually dropped us in the middle of nowhere.
As expected, the Going Merry had been deposited atop a large Altar in the middle of a lake of
sea clouds. The altar itself was made of stone, with a face of some kind carved into the sides
and back. Similar to those on one of the statues I'd noticed back on Angel Island. A flight of
stairs led to the cloud lake, and some gigantic trees grew from the dirt surrounding the lake.
However, there was no easy way over without taking a swim.
"Well, one thing's for certain." Nami replied. "We're somewhere in the middle of Upper
Yard."
"More like nearly the opposite side of the island, given how long that thing carried us for." I
added.
"Hmmm... I wonder if Heaven's Punishment is starving to death on this altar?" Robin mused
morbidly.
"It better fucking not be." Reiju growled. "Once was bad enough…"
"As if this 'God' would be so merciful." Zoro scoffed.
"Uh-oh, the hull is in pretty rough shape." Chopper noticed worriedly, seeing the damage
from the claws that carried us.
Nami sighed heavily. "If we want to be sailing anywhere, we need this repaired as best we
can up here."
"Hey, if we make this spot our base of operations, then all we need to do is get into the forest
to make the supplies from these trees." Zoro pointed out, indicating the titanic trees around
us. "We have more wood than we could ever need."
"You realize wood needs to be treated first before it can be lumber for a ship, yes?" Usopp
spoke up dryly.
"Eh, I'll leave that to you guys." Zoro waved off. "That 'God' guy is somewhere around here,

right? I think I'll go and have a talk with him."
"Zoro, come on, you know our plans." I protested. "You wanna throw down with the big dog,
you'll have to wait. I don't care how much you don't believe in him."
As Zoro grumbled, Robin studiously examined the altar's designs. "Look at these
markings…" she breathed. "I'd say this altar is close to a thousand years old. If that's the case,
then this land may very well be filled with such relics."
Vivi raised an eyebrow. "Are you thinking of an archaeological expedition in the middle of
all this?"
Robin shrugged with a smile on her face. "What can I say? I tingle all over when I come
across historical relics like this. Plus, there might even be some valuable treasures and jewels
to find, too."
"Archeological Expedition!" Nami cheered, Beri signs in her eyes. "Let's go looking for some
history!"
"Yes, Dear." I chuckled fondly.
Thusly, we split the party in two. Zoro, Robin, Nami, Vivi, Carue, Reiju, and I would go into
the forest on our little expedition. Usopp and Chopper would stay behind, looking after and
fixing up Merry as best they can. Boss, Raphey, and Mikey were staying back to look
after them, and help out as they can. Now we just needed a way across.
"That vine looks pretty sturdy." Zoro observed, staring up at a particular vine wrapped around
a massive branch high above us.
An arm sprouted out of the branch and pulled the vine away from it, letting it drop down to
the Merry. "Is that good enough for you?" Robin asked."
"That's perfect." Zoro replied, grabbing hold of it. He stepped up onto the edge and cleared
his throat. Then he pushed off, and let out his best Tarzan impression "AAAAH-EEH-AHEEH-AAAAAAH-EEH-AH-EEH-AAAAAH!" Zoro swung over and landed safely on the
other side.
"It's official." Nami muttered. "He's lost his mind."
I snorted. "Nah, he's just having fun with it." I watched Robin catch the vine as Zoro sent it
back and swung over too. Naturally, she was far too dignified for a Tarzan Yell. I caught the
vine on the throwback, and handed it to Reiju. "You'd rather not take such a scary and
dangerous method, right?" I asked Nami.
"Yeah, I guess." Nami shrugged. "But what else-?"
"Aaand scoop!" I snatched up Nami in a princess carry, then jumped over the edge. Then,
before I'd descended past apogee, I bounded off a reishi platform to reach the other side. I set

Nami down gently. "How's that, then?"
Nami smiled back at me warmly. "I love you…"
"And I, you, sweetheart."
Reiju landed right beside us and sent the vine back, then gave an adorable pout. "What, don't
I get to be carried too?" she asked in a half-joking tone.
I sighed exasperatedly. "Next time, Rei. Next time."
Vivi swung over next, and while she also was too dignified for a Tarzan Yell, she was not too
dignified to let out a whoop of excitement. The Dugongs helped Carue out by tying him onto
the vine, and sending him over, in spite of protesting quacks. Robin used her powers to catch
him, and release him from his bonds, the loyal Duck grumbling as he moved to serve as
Vivi's mount once again.
"This forest is even bigger than I thought." Robin observed, staring up towards the tops of the
super-trees. She had a point. It was one thing to see them as you sped past on the
Lobster/Shrimp/Whatever Express. Standing directly below one? Waaay different
perspective.
"Alright, guys, we're leaving the ship to you!" I called back to Usopp, Chopper and the
Dugongs.
"Please take care!" Reiju added.
"We'll be back soon!" Nami waved.
"Don't worry!" Usopp waved back. "We'll get Merry ship-shape in no time!"
"Everyone, be careful!" Chopper called out. "Don't take too long!" Boss and his two students
saluted, barking out a farewell.

~BtWwG~​

Some time later, we found ourselves next to one of the massive trees in the forest where
Robin was studying a ruin she spotted. On our way there, from nearby milky roads and cloud
rivers, sky sharks had repeatedly attempted to attack us. Attack Nami, specifically, for some
odd reason. After the fifth time we stopped them, I got fed up, and slammed a heavy burst of
reiatsu onto them, and that seemed to make them fuck off at last.
At one point, I noticed a whistle sound out. I worried for all of a second, but with the addition
of Usopp, Boss and half of the TDWS, and now Gan Fall, the defenders could easily deal
with Shura and Fuza. They'd be fine.
Robin was kneeling over a well that was almost buried under one of the tree's massive roots.
She used a chain of arms to gather a sample of wet soil from the bottom of the well, passing
it up so she could examine it.
"Is that damned well really so significant?" Zoro questioned impatiently, standing nearby.
"It is…" Robin answered. "Don't you think it strange that a well would be buried underneath
a tree? There is no sense of balance between nature and civilization here."
"Even I have to admit, this is fairly odd." Vivi concurred. "It's almost like… the people who
made it didn't think the tree would get so big."
"Indeed. I've never seen anything like it."
"Either way, we're nowhere near where we want to be, and we're as good as stuck in this
forest unless we find some way to cross that damned cloud-river." Zoro looked up the tree.
"OI, NAMI, REIJU! SEE ANYTHING FROM UP THERE?!"
High up overhead, Nami and Reiju were sat atop the treebranch, scanning around with
binoculars. They spoke animatedly for a few moments, then Reiju scooped up the navigator
in a princess carry, and safely descended back to ground level. Nami got down, shaking off a
blush on her cheeks and running up to me.
"Darling, you need to tell me…" she demanded, grabbing my arms. "You have to know what
I just saw! Am I going crazy, or is it for real?!"
I stared at her for a few moments, then broke out into a cocksure grin. "Spoilers~" I
responded gleefully. "You wanna find out for sure, then we'd better get going to see it!"
She pouted for a bit, to see if I would relent, but after I beat the staredown, she nodded.
"Alright, everyone, let's move! To the coast!" She pointed off in the direction she saw earlier,
and began leading the way.
"Hold on, what was it you two saw?" Vivi asked urgently.
"You'll see soon, Vivi! Let's go!" Reiju replied excitedly, following Nami.
"Hey, Nami! C'mon, just what are we even looking for?" Zoro demanded as we continued

following her through the forest.
"Just be quiet and follow me!" Nami yelled back at him. "We have to get to the seaside!"
"So you'll tell us what you saw once we reach the shore?" Robin questioned, following along
curiously.
"Yes. I have to verify this up close." Nami replied, forging ahead through the massive forest
in the direction she'd spotted. "Because I cannot believe what I just saw."
"You know, this seems a little crazy, even for Nami." Vivi commented.
"Just wait, Vivi." Reiju grinned. "If what we saw is right, it's gonna be mind-blowing."
Our group continued through the forest, mostly in a straight line, Nami's unerring sense of
direction keeping us on track. I kept one eye on Zoro, to make absolutely sure his
unerring nonsense of direction didn't separate him from us. Once we made it to the clearing
where Nami had spotted the object, the others' eyes went wide as saucers.
"Hah… hah… take a look." Nami panted, walking over to the structure, a half building eerily
similar to Cricket's house, and placing a hand upon the stone. "Doesn't it look familiar?"
"What the… what's going on?" Zoro stared in confusion. "How can something that we saw
on the ground be up here?" He then immediately turned an accusatory look my way. "You.
Knows things. Explain."
"I don't think so, mosshead." I taunted. "Perhaps we should let ourselves figure this out
manually, no?" The flat look he shot told me exactly what he thought of that.
"Unbelievable…" Robin mused, already inspecting every bit of the structure top to bottom,
getting closer to be more thorough. "This… it's the other half of the one we saw on the
ground." Like Nami, she also placed her hand upon the structure. "It also explains why this
island isn't made of cloud like the other ones."
"I knew something was odd about Cricket's place…" Nami recalled. "How it had a second
floor, but no staircase. And there was no reason to build a house on a seaside cliff like that."
She turned to the rest of us. "Because that was no natural cliff… the island was ripped apart.
This is the landmass that was torn away. This floating island is a part of Jaya!"
"So, ages ago, the island of Jaya was split apart… somehow, and this piece ended up here."
Reiju summarized.
"Not 'somehow'." I added helpfully. "The Knock-Up Stream. They can get powerful enough
that even islands get lifted and moved."
Nami jerked in shock. "So the Grand Line's geography really is as feeble as Cross said it
was… spectacular."

"This means that the City of Gold that Montblanc Noland found…" Vivi breathed in awe.
"It didn't sink to the bottom of the sea 400 years ago. All this time… it's been in the sky!"
"WOOHOO!" Nami cheered loudly. "Thank you, Goda! We struggled getting to Sky Island,
and it turns out this is where the City of Gold was all along! I must have
done something good to deserve this!"
I chuckled fondly. "Yeah yeah, we'll get you your gold. Don't you even worry about that."
"At any rate, we'd better get back to the ship." Vivi proposed. "Make sure the others are
alright, and wait for Luffy's group to meet up so we can discuss all this."
"I'm afraid none of you are going anywhere." An unfamiliar woman's voice rang out. We all
tensed, then turned to see the source of the voice land before us. She was… huh… actually,
she looked remarkably like Ramlethal Valentine from Guilty Gear. Except her
cloak/coat/whatever didn't have that fleshy, organic part. Also, her hair was white instead of
just pale blonde. There was also the pair of big black wings… on her… back…
…
'Oh dear sweet Jesus, please be a mistake…'
"Alright, just who the hell are you?" Zoro demanded, drawing his swords. Likewise,
everyone else drew weapons and took up combat ready stances.
The woman put a hand to her chest. "I am Vishanti, one of God Eneru's Priests. Greetings,
criminals from the Blue Sea."
Nami looked at me with an unsure, nervous expression. "Can't say I've heard of her.
Have you, Darling?"
I slowly shook my head no. "Not at all, Sweetheart. Not. At. All."
She paled. "Dammit." The others got more tense, as they quickly understood the implications.
Vishanti looked at us with her head cocked to the side. "Of course you have not heard of me,
if you are from the Blue Sea. What an odd thing to say."
"I have a question for you, Priest Vishanti." I spoke up. "Not as a means to judge you, mind,
but as a means of determining how screwed we are if we fought you."
Vishanti hummed curiously. "Very well. Proceed."
I gulped nervously. "You're a Lunarian, aren't you?"
The woman's eyes went wide in shock. "...how very astute. I didn't think Blue Sea Dwellers
even remembered Lunarians anymore."

"It… sounds familiar." Vivi said uncertainly. "Some kind of legend or myth of some sort, I
think."
"What are Lunarians, exactly?" Reiju asked curiously.
I looked back at Vishanti, who nodded at me. "After you, Blue Sea Dweller. Let's see what
you know."
I hesitated, then shrugged. "Alright. Lunarians are a race of people that once lived atop the
Red Line. Some people called them the 'God Tribe'. Of course, that was before the original 19
monarchs who made the World Government decided to 'ascend', and make the Red Line their
home. Somehow, I'm not sure how, the Lunarians were effectively rendered extinct. Which
must've been hard, given they have enhanced strength, incredible durability, as well as the
ability to 'ignite', producing and controlling flames."
"That's incredible…" Nami marveled. "But… if the Lunarians are extinct, how are you even
here?"
Vishanti hesitated for a few moments, eyeing us one by one. Then she sighed. "Very well, I
suppose there's no harm in telling you, at this point. Not every Lunarian was killed off. Some
tribes survived, by doing a sort of 'ascending' of their own. In the North Blue, there is a
perpetual stormfront that hovers over part of it. That specific Cumuloregalis once held the
sky nation known as Brahmapura. That is where the last of the Lunarians ended up. Many
who lived there called it the Divine Land." She scoffed. "I suppose they were high up, as
Brahmapura was heavily influenced by a caste system."
I winced. "Shit. I'm gonna hazard a guess and say the Lunarians were low-caste?"
Vishanti nodded solemnly. "Indeed. The other races who lived there, the Devas and
Ashurans, looked down upon our people greatly. Mudskins, they used to call us."
"Hold on…" Reiju interjected. "You keep talking about Brahmapura in the past tense. Does
that mean…?"
Vishanti nodded. "Around twenty years ago, months before I was born, a great calamity came
down from the heavens. A demonic beast, one they called Vritra. It began to destroy all it
touched, and was hell-bent on reaching the Eternal Arbor, the divine tree that towered over
the capital city of Vimana. It sought to drain the light of the tree to sate its hunger. Everyone
fought to stop it. Even the rebellious and bandit factions, like the Sons of Bakasura and the
Eclipse, put aside differences to stop the beast. But it wasn't enough.
"My mother was lucky. My father, one of the Triarchs in fact, managed to help her escape
Brahmapura in a sky vessel. This normally would have been impossible, but the chaos sown
by Vritra's destruction meant everyone else had better things to do. As far as I know, nobody
has ever come from or been to Brahmapura since. As far as I know… both Vritra and the
nation died back then."
The mood was terribly solemn. An entire sky nation, wiped out by some demon-creature

from… space? Unbelievable…
"After that, my mother would find her way to one of the sky islands over the Grand Line,
Bamba. Situated between here, and where Birka once stood. Luckily, the people there were
accepting enough to pay no mind to our heritage. It was there I was raised, and where mother
told me all the sordid tales of Brahmapura, and managed to help me begin to grasp my latent
abilities. She was no fighter herself, so it was difficult."
The Lunarian woman's gaze tightened. "Even then, it seemed our peaceful life was not to last.
Over six years ago, Bamba came under attack from a crew of brutal and powerful Blue Sea
Dwellers. Several with their own unique powers. The island's defenders were no match… and
neither was I. Mother… perished in a massive explosion. The bastards caught me, and one of
them recognized my heritage. Said they were going to take me with them, until they went
back down to the Blue Sea, sell me to the Government. Naturally, they were planning to
'make use of me' the whole way, and take their time getting back.
"That's when God Eneru arrived, he and the other priests were drawn in by all the
commotion. He made short work of them all, completely untouchable." Her eyes had a hint of
awe in them. "He turned to me, noticed my unique heritage, and asked if I would join him,
that with time I could train to become what I am today, one of his Priests. They helped me get
stronger, and taught me Mantra. In spite of anything they've done, I am incredibly grateful to
God Eneru, for he saved my life that day, and gave me strength."
I let out a heavy breath. "Well now, that sure explains how you got here, how you have such
devotion to Eneru."
"I-I'm so sorry you had to go through all this." Vivi sniffed, wiping her eyes.
"Your sympathy is appreciated." Vishanti sighed. "Well, now that we've got simple
pleasantries out of the way, I believe it's time for your Ordeal."
"Dammit," Reiju groaned. "Of course we couldn't have it so easy."
"Unlike the other Priests, who have certain rules to follow, God Eneru has allowed me a little
more freedom. Unlike Ohm, for example, I have no given territory. I employ what is called
'The Ordeal of Mercy'."
I blinked in surprise. "Ordeal of Mercy? That doesn't sound like an Ordeal 'God' Eneru would
issue."
"Again, my uniqueness has allowed me some freedoms. The Ordeal of Mercy is where I
descend upon the criminals in question, and allow them the chance to defend themselves in
explanation. If I find their case sufficient, then I allow them to go, to give them a chance to
try and leave Upper Yard as best they can. If found insufficient, or they are lying, I then slay
them in the name of God Eneru. Survival of this ordeal is at 50%."
I sighed. "Well, that's better odds than we normally get, at least." I turned to our resident
Princess. "Vivi, care to try your hand at negotiation again for this?"

Vivi blinked a couple of times, then gave me a determined nod. "Priest Vishanti, we only
came to Skypeia for the sake of adventure. Our Log Pose locked on to this place instead of
any island on the Blue Sea, and once our Captain knew there was an island in the sky at all,
he just had to go see it. However, upon arrival, when discovering all of what your God has
done to the people here… we just couldn't stand by and do nothing.
"Conis and her father invited us in warmly, sharing food and the like, thus we consider them
friends. In that regard, how could we allow their suffering, and that of their people, to
continue? That is our case, our raison d'etre for being here. Well… that, and the prospect of
finding treasures in the sky, but that's secondary." Wisely, Nami said absolutely nothing.
Vishanti stared us all down, assumedly using her Mantra to get a read on us. Eventually, she
nodded. "You are indeed telling the truth."
Vivi's expression brightened. "Then… we can go?"
Vishanti sighed, shaking her head. "I'm afraid not."
"Wha— B-But why?! I was nothing but honest, you said so yourself!"
"Honesty alone does not guarantee survival." Vishanti corrected. "You stand against God
Eneru, and thus I'm afraid I must deal with you." She then frowned deeply. "No matter how
much I sympathize."
"Wait, what?" Reiju blurted in confusion. "You sympathize?"
"Indeed. Much of what God Eneru has done here in the six years since our arrival, it reminds
me of the stories my mother told me about life in Brahmapura." Her eyes crinkled in
frustration. "I despise it. However, my opinions and feelings on the matter are irrelevant. I
owe God Eneru my very life, and I am incapable of standing up to him besides." She drew
her weapon, which upon closer inspection, resembled the Mythril Saber, only the blade was
about half-again as long.
In response, the lot of us readied our own weapons and took stances. Zoro even tied his
bandana around his head. Nami began spinning her Clima-Tact, preparing her future attacks.
"I'm very sorry, but I must strike you down in the name of God Eneru." she intoned.
"Fighting back will make it more difficult, but I promise to do my utmost to make your
deaths as painless as possible."
"How comforting…" Nami spat irately.
I sighed. "This is gonna suck. Oh well. Cleave the Eternal Heavens Asunder, Zangetsu!" My
Shikai took form as I called him out.
"Woah! Did your sword just frickin transform?!" Vishanti squealed, stars in her eyes.
"That's amazing!"

The lot of us blinked at this, as she froze, and then quickly tried to compose herself; shaking
her head, coughing with a blush as she looked away.
'I guess she still has a sense of wonder after all…'
Recovering from her slip, Vishanti cleared her throat. "If you insist on fighting, you'll only
have yourselves to blame if your suffering is prolonged." Her expression grew fierce and
suddenly, flames burst into being behind her, the sword likewise igniting. "Prepare
yourselves!"
Nami immediately issued a Mirage Tempo that hid both her and Robin from view. Vivi had
Carue take off, beginning a circle of the battlefield at all speed to await their moment to
strike, and Reiju likewise took off into the trees to await the right moment to strike. Zoro and
I surged forward instantly, lashing out with a simultaneous strike. Vishanti guarded against it
easily, and pushed us off, a flame burst following us.
"Getsuga Tenshou!" I called, unleashing the energy wave. Vishanti skillfully dodged it with
a beat of her wings taking her above it, and followed up with a swipe of her sword, sending a
similar arc of flame at me. I dodged quickly with a Shunpo.
"Three-Sword Style: Kogarashi!" Zoro attempted to capitalize on her airborne position with
a spinning slash upward, appearing similar to a combo of his Tatsumaki and Sai Kuru
techniques. Sadly, Vishanti was able to dodge at the last second, returning to solid ground.
"Maki no Uchi!" Zoro followed up by tumbling down swords-first, intent on slamming the
Lunarian into the ground. This failed, as she easily caught the attack, then swiped her sword
to send him flying into one of the trees.
Reiju emerged from the treeline rapidly, hands positively glowing with her poison abilities.
Sadly, our opponent was ready, and deftly dodged her attack, following it with a vicious
backhand. Reiju let out a cry of pain, flying back into the trees, but left a parting gift as she'd
tried to block the blow with her hands, meaning she accomplished her goal regardless. Not
that it showed, as Vishanti rapidly flew towards me, and prepared a downward swing.
"Getsuga Tengo!" I yelled quickly, the shield technique just barely catching the flaming
sword and holding it back. The shield burst, causing Vishanti to recoil, but she recovered
quickly and went for another strike.
"Veinte Fleur: Hold!" Suddenly, twenty interconnected arms bloomed on her wings, and the
black-feathered appendages were held down, causing her to lose control of her flight. I
quickly placed Zangetsu on my back and clenched both fists.
"Raioken (Thunder King Fist)!" I landed a strong strike on Vishanti in her confusion, and
followed up with a flurry of blows as we descended back to the ground, not dissimilar to
Vegeta's Niagara Drop move from the Dragon Ball series.
"Adolla Pulse!" Vishanti cried out, a huge burst of flames erupting from her person,
throwing me back with a few actively-healing burns. She was looking quite annoyed with us.

"Clever of you, Blue Sea Dwellers, but not eno-!"
"THUNDERBOLT TEMPO!" Nami cried out, reappearing and casting a Shock Ball into
the fuckhuge thundercloud high above us. Vishanti tried to move, but was half a second too
slow as a huge bolt of lightning struck her hard, eliciting a scream of pain. Vivi upon Carue
chose that very moment to cease circling and come tear-assing towards Vishanti.
"Imperial Talons!" she shouted, her Lion Cutters extended and cutting into the Lunarian
woman as she passed, along with one of Carue's wing-armor blades. Zoro came speeding
back from his tree-crater, swords at the ready. "Oni Giri!" Not quite fast enough, as Vishanti
seemed to recover just in time to twist around the attack, and deflect Zoro into a completely
different tree.
I charged up Zangetsu for another attack, held high over my head. "Getsuga Ten—!"
"Adolla Nirmiti: Garuda (Adolla Creation: Eagle)!" Flying up and out of the way,
Vishanti lashed out with her sword, now roiling with flames, and called forth a large eaglelooking flame construct. It surged forth and rammed into me hard, carrying me to the ground
and exploding, right next to where Nami had been hiding under a mirage, which sent her
flying back with a yelp.
I picked myself up, and to my horror, I saw Vishanti come to a landing right in front of Nami.
She lashed down, and Nami proved herself as dexterous as ever, managing to dodge the
strike. Then Nami, taking advantage of Vishanti's surprise, jumped up and slugged the
Lunarian in the gut, the super-strength from the Bull Talisman managing to make her recoil in
pain.
But as Nami went for another punch, Vishanti caught her fist, squeezing as she lifted the
redhead into the air, screaming in pain.
"Surprisingly strong for a young woman of your size." Vishanti commented curiously,
ignoring Nami's attempts to get free. "However, it won't save you." She drew back her sword
again. "May you find peace in the next life. Farewell."
Before she could strike Nami down, I rammed into her at breakneck speeds, and clutched
onto her, ensuring I grabbed bare skin. "LET GO OF HER, NOW!!" I screamed, activating
the Shroud at the same time.
"You…!" Vishanti started, only to begin to wilt as I drained her vitality. It was a lot. Her
flame even began sputtering. "What the… hell are you…? Stop this…!"
Robin's arms bloomed on the arm that held Nami, and Clutched it, forcing Vishanti to let our
navigator go. "Treinta Fleur!" Numerous arms appeared all over Vishanti, getting ready to
snap her clear in half. "CLU—!"
The Lunarian screamed out a war cry, and her flames burst out in an even stronger version of
her earlier technique. Robin let out a cry of pain, her arms badly burned as she fell to the
ground. Zoro, who recovered from his latest impact, had attempted to attack again along with

Vivi and Carue, and got launched into a third and fourth fucking tree. I got thrown back too,
the Shroud working overtime to heal the severe burns I got. Thankfully, Vishanti was still
affected, dropping to her knees in exhaustion, flame even smaller than before, but beginning
to recover fast. Impressive, given the damage she's taken and the poison in her system.
I rushed forward, and began applying my Hakuda skills. Vishanti, still recovering and
disoriented enough to lose concentration on Mantra, began taking the full force of my attacks,
one after another after another, all enhanced with her own strength. It seemed to be working,
but she got her bearings back and lashed out with a mule kick that sent me reeling, almost
demolishing the ancient half-house in the process.
"I am sick and tired of being thrown into god-damn trees!" Zoro yelled, descending from
above. "Three-Sword Style: Kaiten (Heavenly Rotation)!" The swordsman then began
utilizing a sort of 'Levi Spin' with his three swords, a move he came up with after I told him
about my fight against Miss Mother's Day.
Vishanti brought her sword up to defend against it, letting Zoro spin himself out, causing him
to push off and back to recover. As he began to charge in again, Reiju re-emerged from the
trees to charge right beside him.
"Adolla Nirmiti: Nandi (Sacred Bull)!" Slashing down with her flaming sword, she
released a fire construct in the shape of a huge, powerful-looking bull, which charged toward
my crewmates. The two tried to backpedal, but the bull-construct was fast, and was upon
them in no time.
They blocked the fiery horns as it tried to gore them, but the bull continued charging…
directly toward another tree. "OH, YOU'VE GOTTA BE KIDDING M—!" Zoro screamed
before getting bodily rammed into the wood, the bull exploding for good measure.
'Alright, this needs to fucking end, now.' I bucked up, and charged in with feeling. Vishanti,
her Mantra sensing me coming, turned and launched a thrust at me with her sword. She may
have expected me to dodge or block it.
I didn't.
*SHUNK*
Vishanti gave me a surprised look as she managed to impale me to the hilt upon her sword.
"EVAN, NO!" Nami screamed in anguish from the sidelines.
"I'm sorry it had to come to this…" Vishanti sighed in resignation. "But at the very least, you
went out like a warrior. You can take pride in that." She started when I reached out with my
left hand and grabbed her sword-arm by the wrist in an iron grip. "Please don't struggle.
You'll only prolong—"
"Bakudo #4: Hainawa…" I groaned out, casting the crackling yellow reishi rope from my
now-empty right hand at her… which ended up draped uselessly over her shoulders, instead

of tightly binding her.
"...are you done?" she asked in a deadpan tone.
I chuckled, coughing up a little blood in the process. "I'm… just getting started. Carriage of
thunder, bridge of a spinning wheel. With light, divide this into six. Bakudo #61:
Rikujōkōrō (Six Rods Prison of Light)!"
Almost immediately, the light of Hainawa changed form, and turned into six thin, wide
beams of light that slammed into Vishanti's midsection well befre she could move aside. The
woman's eyes shot wide open as she struggled and failed to move a muscle. "My body…
won't move! What did you…?!"
"Next on the agenda… Hado #30: Suishoha!" Like with Sandile, my cheeks puffed up, and I
unleashed a wave of water to wash over Vishanti, thoroughly soaking her… and more
importantly, putting out her flame.
"What… was that?" Vishanti asked dryly, not noticing.
I quirked an eyebrow. "You're not melting…? Like, it worked in the Wizard of Oz…"
"You have me trapped, but you are still impaled upon my sword. And you are… making
some kind of joke?!"
"Eh, more catching my breath. Cause now you're all set up for my next spell. Sprinkled on
the bones of the beast! Sharp tower, red crystal, steel ring. Move and become the wind, stop
and become the calm. The sound of warring spears fills the empty castle!"
As I recited the incantation, Vishanti's eyes went wide again, as her Mantra picked up what I
was about to do. She struggled harder against the hold of Rikujōkōrō, and I actually saw one
or two of the rods begin to crack. Too late, as the orb of yellow lightning formed above the
palm of my hand.
"Hado #63: Raikōhō (Thunder Roar Sear)!" I called out, re-grasping my opponent's arm.
Normally, the spell would be fired as a ranged lightning strike. Instead, it was channeled
directly into Vishanti via her arm, ensuring her well-soaked body took the entire attack in full
force. As she screamed in pain, I almost joined her, as the attack fed back into me slightly via
her sword. Soon, it came to an end, and she collapsed to her hands and knees with the
dissolution of the Bakudo spell.
I grit my teeth and yanked her sword out of me, allowing the Shroud to begin repairing my
body. Unfortunately, it seems this wasn't quite enough, as Vishanti was trying to get her
bearings back. With his chain wrapped around my arm, I called Zangetsu back to my hand.
"Zoro, together!" I called out. To his credit, the somewhat flame-broiled swordsman leapt
into action, landing behind Vishanti, spinning two of his swords as he prepared his currentbest technique.
"Getsuga!" The blade of my sword became engulfed in my signature technique, and as the

Lunarian woman began to stand once again, we both charged forward.
"Three-Sword Style: Secret Move - Three-Thousand Worlds!"
In an instant of movement, before Vishanti could concentrate enough to use Mantra again, we
struck. As we stood on the opposite sides of our opponent from where we began, numerous
cuts opened up on her body. Finally, the woman collapsed like a string-cut puppet, blood
seeping out onto the ground. This battle... was over.
"Finally!" Zoro proclaimed after a few seconds, sheathing his katana. "And here I thought
you and I were tough…"
"Lunarian durability is no joke, huh?" Reiju commented, ambling over to us.
"Neither is getting impaled…" I heard growled behind me. I flinched just as I felt myself get
clocked over the skull with a super strength fist. "YOU IDIOT! WHAT THE HELL WERE
YOU THINKING?!"
I turned round to address my thoroughly-pissed lover. "I was thinking that I had to get her to
hold still to bypass her Mantra and take her down for good. And I'm the only one that would
have worked on." Before she could resist, I drew her into a comforting embrace. "I'm sorry
for worrying you like that, okay?"
Nami stayed tense for a few seconds more, then relaxed and returned the hug.
"Okay… moron."
"Your moron."
"Robin, are you going to be okay?" Vivi asked worriedly, taking note of the burns on her
arms.
"I'll be fine, Princess." Robin assured her, grimacing. "So long as I can get treatment from
Mister Doctor…"
"Or me." I spoke up, withdrawing the White Phial from my cloak. "A round of Phial Healing
Solution, on me! Pass it on." I handed it to Nami first (so I'm biased, fight me), who sighed in
relief as her injuries, her hand in particular, healed up. The useful little bottle that was one of
the first items I'd ever received got passed around to everyone else, fixing them right back up.
"You know, in hindsight, you should probably give this to Chopper." Reiju noted, rolling her
neck. "He could probably improve it or something."
I nodded in agreement… then froze as I thought about it further. "Maaaybe I'll hold off on
that. Before, it wouldn't even be a question, but with Chopper's new 'Spark of Madness', I'd
rather not take chances until we're certain he can control himself." A round of agreeing noises
followed.
After that, though, there was a groaning on the ground, as Vishanti seemed to get

consciousness back. "W-Well done…" she spoke shakily, a small smile on her face. "You've
defeated me, the first outsiders to ever do so. How odd… I find myself rather relieved that
you will live. Ngh… with these wounds… I don't believe I can say the same for myself…"
Zoro huffed. "Good riddance. Someone as powerful as you is too dangerous to be left alive
anyway."
"Zoro!" Vivi exclaimed, smacking his arm. "That's a bit much, and a bit hypocritical, don't
you think?!"
The swordsman thought about it, then flinched. "Yeah, that's fair…"
Vishanti chuckled darkly. "On… on the contrary… I believe that your World Government
must've thought the same, way back when."
Zoro flinched harder. "That just makes it worse."
I stood there, the gears in my mind turning, and I soon came to a conclusion. "Reiju? Think
you can exude a poison that puts someone of her resilience in a temporary coma for a day or
two?"
"Huh?" she responded in confusion. "Yes, I believe so, but why—?"
I held up the Phial. "I'm gonna heal her, so I want you to be ready to knock her out."
"Say what?!" Vivi shouted in shock. "Why in the world would you help one of our
enemies?!"
"Said the girl who was our enemy when we first met." I replied with a smirk. Vivi opened her
mouth, and quickly shut it again.
Nami sighed. "You're not Luffy on one of his whims, and you're at least taking precautions,
so I'll trust you here." Reiju nodded, and Zoro and Robin just shrugged, the latter likewise
unable to comment.
I approached and knelt down next to the Lunarian woman, pouring just a bit of solution into
her mouth. Her wounds knit themselves up just a little, enough to keep her from death.
"W-Why?" Vishanti asked, "What purpose could you possibly—?" She stopped as I pressed a
finger to her lips.
"Because you have the capacity to be a good person, Vishanti." I explained. "I can tell. I want
to give you the chance to change. We plan to deal with 'God' Eneru soon enough. Once that's
done, you're free to choose what to do with your life. Alright?"
Vishanti looked at me with an awestruck gaze, then her face relaxed into a weak smile. "I see.
I'm glad that you were the ones to fight me today. Especially you… Evan. You have such a
good heart…"

Once I confirmed Reiju was ready, I gave the Lunarian woman the rest of the potion she
needed, and her body was fixed up rather quickly. Reiju immediately applied her poison
effect, causing Vishanti to slip easily into unconsciousness.
With that, we gathered ourselves up and made our way back to the Merry. When we arrived,
we were surprised to find a growing pile of Sky Sharks next to the altar, the doing of Boss.
Likewise, we noticed some scorching and blackened areas, but it didn't seem too bad. The
sail the others were taking down was burned, but thankfully we had a spare ready for just
such an occasion.
From what our crewmates told us, Shura and Fuza showing up went as well as it could.
Between Boss' martial arts skillz straining Shura's Mantra, backup from his students, Usopp's
miraculous sniping (especially with Kithara), and Chopper's new Cherry Blossom Blasts,
they were this close to making the bastard fuck off.
Until he decided to attack the one crewmate who couldn't fight back: Merry. Eventually, Boss
had blown the Sky Knight Whistle himself, who arrived in only minutes. Gan Fall and Pierre,
providing much needed combat prowess and mobility, had Mr. Sky Rider clearly on the
ropes. The only reason that he didn't get defeated outright was because the Priest had pulled
out his damned String Dials. Gan Fall took a pretty bad wound from the Burn Lance, Boss
took a blow far less life-threatening, but coupled with a 60-meter drop, got him stunned
enough to get tangled up with the Sky Sharks out for some vengeance. Thankfully, the
Shandians had decided to invade a little earlier, and Shura took off in response. They
managed to get themselves out of danger after that.
We began helping out with Merry repairs, making some good headway, until the last of our
missing crew arrived. Apparently, when Eneru tried smiting Conis, she wound up in the
team's boat, and just ended up on a ride-along. From there, they managed to defeat Satori
early, which is what actually prompted the Shandian's to move up their timetable, but they
also ended up in Ohm's territory next. They managed to fend him off, with Sanji
unconsciously breaking into Diable Jambe and Sky Walk several arcs early when Ohm
injured Conis. When several Shandians came cloud-skating in, the Priest decided to bail and
let his Iron Cloud traps kill everyone. It didn't work, and Cross managed to reach out a hand
to Kamakiri before they parted ways.
Cross was rather surprised when we told him about Vishanti, but chalked it up to my presence
causing butterflies and/or BROB fucking around for shits and giggles. Most likely the latter,
really, but who the hell knows.
From there, everyone fell into normal patterns. The injured trained as if they were invincible,
the lazy slacked off as though they could get away with it, and the rest of us did whatever we
liked to pass time between chores. I decided to update the Chronicle as much as I could,
while also making plans for the future concerning bringing Earth fiction to the people of Blue
Star.
Eventually, we enjoyed yet another spectacle of Sanji's cooking, and when we were about
finished with our meals, the Shandians showed up. All the usual suspects… and Aisa as well,

likely to act as a sort of living lie detector, but mostly because she talked Laki and Kamakiri
into it. We spoke with Wyper, confirming our involvement with the ancestor of Montblanc
Noland, and managed to get an alliance settled between us all.
Almost immediately, the Shandians settled in as if they belonged, partaking of some of
Sanji's soup, integrating companionably with the others, and in no time flat, we had a wholeass party going. A massive bonfire around which the Kiddie Trio, Carue and the TDWS
danced along with the sky wolves that showed up; a drinking contest between Nami, Zoro,
Wyper and Boss; Vivi, Reiju, Laki and Conis setting up an impromptu catwalk (and the Simp
King rejoiced!). I noticed Robin on the fringes, electing to distantly take part, and I wasn't
having it. As Soundbite played music throughout the whole affair, he ended up playing the
tracks from Titanic's 'Party in Third Class'. Thus I sought to semi-reenact the scene from the
movie (just without the romantic undertones), and pulled Robin into dancing with me. She
was a bit reluctant at first, but by the end of it, I had her genuinely laughing and enjoying the
night's festivities.
Later, when the party began winding down, Cross and Soundbite put together a 'scary
campfire tale' telling all about Davy Jones. When it was done, he scared damn
near everybody by putting a convincing costume together and pretending to be Jones himself.
In hindsight, it was hilarious. Many of the others thought so, but the ones who
did not proceeded to layeth the smacketh down on Cross' jabroni candy ass, leaving him laid
up aboard the Merry. A brilliant maneuver, 'cause now he'd be able to speak with Merry's
klabauterman. I considered joining him, but I honestly didn't see if I could do or say much
that he wouldn't already be able to.
Before we all turned in for the night, I got another roll alert.
ping!

You have earned an item roll!

1. Zambak (Devil May Cry)​
2. The Altair II (Assassin's Creed)​
3. Bongseon (God of Highschool)​
4. Praetor Armour Eternal (DOOM)​
5. Auriel's Bow (Elder Scrolls)​
6. Selune's Spear of Night (DnD)​
7. Chopper (Star Wars)​
8. Technokinesis (Ben 10)​
9. Rhongomyniad (Nasuverse)​
10. Soultaker Sword (DC)​
11. Hook & Darling (RWBY)​
12. Veritaserum (Harry Potter)​

13. Cortical Stack Technology (Altered Carbon)​
14. Power Pole (Dragon Ball)​
15. Scorpio's Key (Fairy Tail)​
16. Fruit of the Tree of Might (Dragon Ball)​
17. Casseur de Logistille (Nasuverse)​
18. UNSC Grizzly-class Supertank (Halo)​
19. Gwen's Spell Book (Ben 10)​
20. Goldbrand/Eltonbrand (Elder Scrolls)

Wow. That's a fair number of good things to acquire. I went with adding two extra dice to my
roll, and cast them forward. I got results of 15, 2 and 13.

Scorpio's Key (Fairy Tail)​

Scorpio… he's the one with the Sand Magic, right? So he'd basically be like a summonable
version of Crocodile. Maybe even stronger.

The Altair II (Assassin's Creed)​

That's the naval trawler in service to the Assassin Brotherhood, the one they use as a mobile
headquarters. If I got this near the start, I might've taken it. But the last one is…

Cortical Stack Technology (Altered Carbon)

Cortical Stacks, composed of a non-terrestrial material left behind by an ancient alien
civilization (along with astrogation charts mapping several habitable worlds), they were
originally developed as a means of interstellar travel to reach these planets. By
downloading the human consciousness, they were able to transmit it to a waiting body
or "Sleeve" on a distant planet. This method of transmitting consciousness off-world,
called Needlecasting, allowed instant travel to anywhere in the Settled Worlds that
otherwise would take centuries to reach by traditional means. You now have a very
large stockpile of the materials needed to make them, along with exacting blueprints for
all variants of the technology.​

Hey, yeah, I remember that! I was planning on giving that series a binge-watch at some point,
and looked up some of the lore in preparation. Cortical Stacks can basically save a full copy
of a person's… very mind…
…

'...HOLY SHIT.'
This… this could be the key. This could be just what I need to save Kuma from being erased!
The RNG is most definitely on my side today!
I just need to figure out how to use it that way. Typically, Cortical Stacks only work when
they're implanted into someone (typically at a year old, but semantics for a cyborg). I may
need to study them further, or, if I'm as lucky as now, get that Technokinesis I saw in the
lineup. Long odds, but if they work…
Bah! I can worry myself stupid over this later. I accepted, quickly thanking RNGesus that
what I got was auto-stored aboard the Fortress, and resigned myself to get some sleep. We
had a long day ahead.

~BtWwG~​

The next day, everyone was in their places. Team Escape Plan (Nami, Usopp, Sanji, Leo,

Raphey, Isaiah, Gan Fall, Pierre and Aisa) were navigating the Going Merry out of Upper
Yard and to safer waters, so that she wouldn't be at risk. Team El Dorado (Luffy, Chopper,
Zoro, Terry, Reiju and Robin) were headed toward Shandora, on a beeline to throw down
with Eneru. Team Evacuation (Cross and Soundbite and Lassoo, Conis and Su, and Vivi and
Carue) were booking it to Angel Island to try and convince the inhabitants to evacuate, at
least until the fat lady sings. Or the fish jumps, whichever comes first.
Lastly, Team Warband (The Shandians, Boss, Mikey, Donny, and myself) went to regroup
with the main invasion force, and begin attacking Eneru's forces head-on. Boss
in particular wanted his rematch with Shura. Once ready, we all took off, splitting up into
battle-groups. I managed to easily keep pace with the cloud-skaters via my Shunpo.
"Baa-a-a-a~"
One of the Shandian's started in shock. "Did I hear what I think I just heard?" he asked.
I reached out with my Reikaku, and instantly looked at the direction the enemy was
approaching from. "Incoming, 10 o'clock!"
"BAAA-A-A-A~!"
From out of the trees, came a small contingent of the goat-like Divine Soldiers.
"Getsuga Tenshou!" I cried out, lashing the attack out at the ex-Birkans. The attack exploded
right at their feet, sending many of them flying. "Get going and find the Priests! I've got
this!"
"Right!" The Shandians nodded, taking off on their cloud-skates.
The remaining Divine Soldiers managed to hold me off for a little while, at least. Sky
Warfare is no joke, but my own unique abilities were more than enough to overcome them. It
took some time, but every single one found themselves flat on the ground.
"Ahh, nothing like a good warm-up to start the day!" I groaned, stretching myself out. "Still,
maybe I should go deal with one of the other Priests. Ohm would be the best matchup, but I
don't wanna take that from Zoro. Definitely don't wanna get in Boss' way. But I'm not sure I
wanna fight Gedatsu of all people. So—"
My thoughts were interrupted by the ringing of the Satellite Phone. There's only one who can
call it, so I answered quickly. "Go for Seidler."
"EVAN!" Vivi yelled over the line. "This is bad! It's Cross, he's in serious trouble!"
A feeling of dread settled in the pit of my stomach. "What's happened?!"
"It was Eneru!" Conis spoke up. "Soundbite's Scramble-thing wasn't actually doing anything!
He could hear us the whole time! He-He just showed up, attacked us, a-a-and when Cross
wouldn't repent, he…"

"He blasted him with A HUNDRED MILLION volts! CROSS is seriously fucked up right
now!" Soundbite keened
"We've gone looking for Chopper," Vivi continued. "But we figured we'd call you since you
might be able to help faster, with the Phial or the Shroud! Please, hurry! I think Cross
might die like this!!"
"I'm on my way!" I replied urgently. "I'll get there as fast as I can!" I quickly hung up and
stored the phone. "Dammit, Bigmouth, what have you gotten into this time?!"
"The same kind of trouble you're in, mongrel."
I froze hard, and looked left as the bastard himself, the Almighty Earlobe Eminem, Eneru,
appeared in a flash.
"You!" I aimed Zangetsu right at him. "What have you done?!"
"As I please, naturally." he replied, exuding the most smug I've seen in forever. "Still, I
noticed you healed the wounds of my youngest Priest yesterday. How generous of you!
However, I cannot allow you to go bringing any players back into my game. So, I'm afraid I
have to remove you from the board myself."
I wasted no more breath, and went into the fastest Shunpo I've done to date, appearing behind
him with Zangetsu already swinging. Before I could land the strike, Eneru vanished in a bolt.
I cast my Reikaku around, but… it felt like he was… everywhere!
"Two Million… Four Million… Eight Million…" his voice echoed around the area, seeming
to come from one direction, then another and another. He was moving constantly so I couldn't
track him. "Sixteen Million… Thirty-Two Million… Sixty-Four Million… One-Hundred
Twenty-Eight Million…"
"Oh, come on!" I complained loudly. "What's next, Style Three-Hundred Sixty-One?!" I kept
turning this way and that, trying to anticipate where the fucker was coming from. Just as I
turned one last time, I felt a hand placed right on my front.
Eneru leaned down, cocksure grin right in my face as sparks skittered all over his form.
"MAX Two-Hundred Million Volt Vari!"
In that moment, I only had one move left to me.
"FUU—!" I managed to scream.
Then there was light and pain, followed by darkness…

~BtWwG~​

My return to the waking world was slow, rough, and heralded by the sound of a massive
explosion. I practically coughed up a lung, then opened my eyes to view a truly terrifying
sight. A roiling array of dark stormclouds, stretching out far over the island, bolts of lightning
raining down repeatedly. Eneru's Mamaragran attack was underway.
"Evan!" Robin exclaimed, coming over to me, kneeling down. "You're awake, finally. Are
you still hurt?"
I groaned a bit. "Ugh, still sore as hell. Don't know why, the Shroud should've cleared that up
by now…"
Robin flinched, then gave me a sad look. "Evan… about your Shroud…"
"Huh? What do you mean, what's—?" As I looked down, I saw what she meant.
The Shroud of Eden was no longer tied around me as my sword-sash. It was barely hanging
on to me, but more importantly… it was ruined. Almost half of it was gone, the edge where it
ended blackened. The typical glow in the Shroud's patterns was also gone.
My Shroud of Eden… was dead.
As I stared, the pieces started coming together in my head. When Eneru touched me to use
his Vari attack, he'd also touched where the Shroud was on my body. It took a fair majority of
the attack and was damaged. The only reason I was still in any shape to fight at all, must be
because it still managed to heal me before it finally shorted out.
I took the ruined cloth in my hands, still in a bit of shock. One of the first items the Gacha
ever gave me, one that's kept me alive and helped me out after all this time… just, gone. My
fists clenched. "Gods fucking damn it…"
I looked up, noticing where we were. The base of Giant Jack, with the Ark Maxim high
above us. Several of our crew and allies lay around, unconscious and in varying states of
injury. Only Gan Fall, Zoro, Usopp, Wyper, Aisa, and Robin next to me, were awake.
I started hard as I remembered a very important detail. "Cross!" I shouted desperately. "What
happened, is he…?!"
Robin pointed. "Alive, but still in a bad way. Chopper apparently operated on him to save his

life. He got moved around a lot, too."
I looked, and my fingers drew furrows in the ground at my fellow Earthling's state. His limbs
practically mummified, along with his chest. Still breathing, but it was clear he was in worse
shape than he's ever been before.
Then suddenly, and without warning, something broke through. Part of my stolen memories
of 'This Bites' returned, reminding me that this was how events had meant to play out. Cross'
semi-debilitating electrocution, his limbs losing most of the skin, all of it. There was only one
reason I'd remember those bits and those alone.
B.R.O.B. was taunting me. 'LOL, guess you couldn't change this either, eh dipshit?!
LOLOLOL!'
I decided to turn my growing anger on the one being I could actually do something against.
"That's it…" I growled irately. "Eneru just made this shit real personal." I looked back at
Robin. "I heard a huge explosion when I started waking up. The Raigo?"
She nodded. "I'm afraid that Angel Island has been destroyed. We're fairly certain it was
evacuated in time, though."
Which meant that the next Raigo was almost imminent. As I got up, I called out, "Wyper!
You got a spare belt or bandoleer?!"
To his credit, the Shandian warrior didn't question me. He did raise an eyebrow, but he undid
the one he had on him, and tossed it to me. Once he did, I withdrew an important item from
my cloak. Bezel's Charm of Electrokinesis.
In my panic at Cross' critical condition, in my panic at Eneru's sudden arrival, I'd forgotten
about it. If he had taken time to taunt me a while longer, I might've had the wherewithal to
grab and use it. I attached the Charm to the bandoleier, and put it around my waist like a belt,
making sure to have the charm on the rear of it, hidden by my cloak. Then I cricked my neck
back and forth.
"Alright, you guys. I'll be right back… gonna go beat the absolute shit out of God."
"What?!" Aisa exclaimed. "No way, Mister Evan! Only Mister Luffy can ignore his
lightning! Y-You can't!"
I glared up at the Ark Maxim. "Fucking watch me." With that, I cracked the ground as I
launched myself high into the sky, and when I began slowing down, I kicked off a reishi
platform to continue flying ever higher.
As I rose, my anger continued to mount with me. How dare that bastard destroy one of my
precious artifacts. How dare that bastard destroy these peoples' lives! And how dare that
bastard hurt MY FRIENDS! In the back of my mind, I barely acknowledged passing both
Luffy and Nami, who were at the top of Giant Jack.

"Yaaaa-hahahaha!" Eneru chortled merrily, standing before the great Golden Bell.
"Magnificent! So this is the great Bellfry, Pride of the Legendary City of Shandora! The Bell
that ushered in four-hundred years of warfare… Splendid! As God, I shall take this with me
on my ascent to Fairy Vearth!"
Suddenly, Eneru flinched as he sensed something, and turned as I landed on the small patch
of Island Cloud the bell sat upon.
"I lived, bitch." I intoned.
"You… interesting. I thought I sensed a voice ascending this way fast, seems I was right. So
you can fly, can you?"
"Do you actually give a fuck?" I asked dryly.
Eneru blinked, then smirked smugly. "Perhaps not. Still, I am a generous God. I will make
you the same offer I did your allies. Repent your sins and pledge yourself to me, and I will
take you with me to Fairy Vearth. If you like, I'll even give you time to retrieve that redhead
woman you like so much. Maybe even dear Vishanti too, she may still be of use, after all."
I just stared at him, then sighed explosively. "You just don't see it, do you?" I asked.
"How weak you truly are…"
Eneru's smug look turned into a glare. "Come again? How could I be weak? I am God! I am
—!"
"Lightning Itself, yes, I know." I replied exasperatedly. "And yet, down on the Blue Sea, there
are people who are Sand Itself. Fire Itself. Ice Itself. Magma Itself. Fucking Light Itself." I
spread my arms. "If some of those last were up here, you'd be a dead man already, and they'd
be walking away with your Devil Fruit to give to another bastard subordinate. Same result if
you deigned to 'grace the Blue Seas with your presence', and tried to kill off the Celestial
Dickweeds who call themselves Gods too, out of some blasphemy or other. Down there, an
overconfident Logia like you would get chew—!"
"You know what, I grow bored of this…" Eneru groaned, raising his arms. "Begone,
mongrel. El Kratia!" With a spin, a large electric dragon, similar to his Julungul technique,
launched forward, swirling through the air unpredictably until it reached me. I raised an arm,
and the lighting attack slammed into it, uselessly petering out.
Eneru blinked in surprise several times. "Very well then… El Thor!" A beam of lightning
erupted from an outstretched hand toward me, and without moving a muscle, it crashed
against the same hand as the previous attack. The Charm rendered it harmless once again. I
grinned at the increasing distress on the bastard's face.
"No…" he growled. "No! Not again! There are not two of you! RAIHO (Thunder Roar)!"
With both hands this time, he cast a lightning beam at least twice as large as the El Thor
attack. I even let my arm fall to my side this time, the attack washing over me harmlessly.
"Impossible… Impossible!!"

"You know what they say, Eneru." I taunted, grinning widely. "'That which doesn't kill me…
can only make me stronger. You failed to kill me with your lightning, now you never will."
With that, I charged forward, Zangetsu ready to strike. As I saw Eneru tense, ready to zap
away from me, I willed the Charm's power, and with shock in his eyes, he froze up, leaving
me to slash him unimpeded.
It partially phased through him, but it bit deeper than it did with Crocodile this time, sending
him skidding back with a fairly big cut in his torso. As he put a hand to it, as if disbelieving
that the wound was there, his face… his… his face, pffft…
"Bah-hahahahahaaa!!" I guffawed, unable to help myself before the might of
EneruMemeFace, the Sequel. "BAAAH-HAHAHAHAHAAAHAHA! Your face! YOUR
GLORIOUS FUCKING FACE! BAH-HAHAHAHAAA!"
Dear fucking GODA, this is amazing! One of those idiots better have gotten a photo of this
face, or Imma be real fucking pissed!
As I laughed at him, Eneru seemed to snap out of his funk. "How…" he demanded angrily.
"How did you just cut me like that?! How did you manage to make me hold still?! TELL
ME!"
"Ah, yes!" I replied airily. "Let me just take the time to explain to you all about how my
powers work, and give you the chance to find a way to counter it. NOT."
This, of course, set Eneru off. He used his Gloam Paddling to reforge his staff into a trident,
then instantly zapped behind me to stab me. Sad for him, I saw it coming, and turned to
deflect and counterattack. However, when I went to freeze him again, it held only for half a
second before he seemed to power through it and dodge.
Unfortunately, I couldn't just fully manipulate his body, and with the appropriate amount of
willpower, he could just resist my makeshift paralysis effect. As we continued to clash
weapons back and forth, it was evident that while he was concentrating on countering my
'control' effect, it broke his concentration on Mantra. And if he tried to concentrate on using
Mantra to counter my moves, he couldn't stop me freezing him up. Conclusion: he
was fucked.
Eventually, he disengaged, and tried retreating back to the Ark Maxim, but I followed him to
the roof. "What's wrong, 'God'?" I asked mockingly. "Loosing your nerve?"
Eneru gave me a nasty look, then grinned maliciously. "Fufufufufu." he chuckled darkly.
"Yaaaa-hahahaha! You seem to be good at defending yourself from my lightning, mongrel…
but what about all your little friends down below?!" He then pointed upward… at
the fuckhuge, angry black sphere of death!
'Shit! He was still able to form the second Raigo over time!' I reached out with the Charm's
powers... and found I could barely keep the fucking thing from moving!

"HERE I COME… ENERUUU!!!" came the voice of my glorious Captain with
his incredible timing, flying into the sky thanks to Nami and her waver. Still trailing an orb of
Gold, naturally. "GIMME THAT GOLDEN BELL!"
"Tch… some people just can't take a hint." Eneru complained. "I'm done waiting, it's more
than big enough for the likes of you! All of you… along with Skypeia…
DISAPPEAR! RAIGOOO!"
The giant storm bomb started crackling, and began its descent. I reached out again with the
Charm's power, pushing it as hard as I could. It slowed down, but was still inching down bit
by bit.
Luckily, Luffy was on the case, as he sent himself on a direct course for the Raigo itself,
letting out a warcry as he vanished into it.
"YAAA-HAHAHAHAHAA!" Eneru cackled madly. "What can you do in the face of such
absolute power… Mr. Rubberman?!"
"GUM-GUM FIREWORKS: GOLDEN… PEONY!" Luffy called out, while in my mind's
eye, I could just about see him flinging the gold orb about like a madman. "We tried super
hard to get to Sky Island! I won't let your stupid ball destroy it! YOU THUNDER FREAK!"
"Of course…" Eneru spoke in realization. "The gold I melded to his arm is a conductor…"
He grit his teeth. "So what? I just have to drop it before he can finish discharging the
electricity within!"
With that he began to push harder to make it drop. I pushed back, harder and harder, Magic
Bullshit firmly at war with Devil Fruit Bullshit.
To my despair, it was a war I lost. As I felt heat coming off the charm belted to me, Eneru let
out a yell of effort, willing the bomb to move. Following that, a crack like a gunshot went off,
coming from within my cloak, and my connection to electricity as a whole cut off all at once.
I didn't even need to look to confirm: the Charm of Electrokinesis just broke. FUCK.
Luckily, I'd bought enough time, as the sphere began vibrating violently. "LET THE
SUN SHINE!" Luffy yelled, the Raigo bursting apart, scattering the rest of the storm in its
wake.
"Yeeeaaah! Alright, Luffy!" I cheered.
"Here I come, Eneru!" Luffy announced, winding up his gold-clad arm. "I'm gonna ring that
bell, and you right along with it!"
"How dare you destroy my Raigo…" Eneru hissed in rage. "You damned Blue Sea monkey!
Now you have truly angered God! MAX Two-Hundred Million Volt Amaru!" Within
moments, he wreathed himself in electricity, and grew in size to become a giant, potbellied,
Rajin-esque lightning figure. "Ring the Golden Bell, will you?" he snarled. "Because of the
legend that its very sound will bring an end to the war?! Are you truly so naive as to—?!"

"Bakudo #20: Mokusatsu Shibari!" With that shout, my fist smashed into the wooden roof,
which then erupted with multiple wooden branches, all wrapping around Eneru's Amaru
form, binding him in place.
"Damn you…" Eneru seethed. "You think this is enough to hold me?! I AM GOD! I AM—!"
"A pain in my ass!" I retorted as I leapt high into the air. "But just in case you're
right… Bakudo #62: Hyapporankan!" I generated a blue-white glowing rod of energy in
my hand, then I threw it like a javelin, directly at Eneru. As it went, it multiplied into a
hundred more rods, then rained down on the bastard, pinning him to the surface of Ark
Maxim's roof and binding him further. "Now! Luffy! DO IIIT!"
Luffy immediately stretched his gold-bearing arm way the hell back, twisting it as it went. "A
shitty 'God' like you… is better off gone!"
"Insolent heathen mongrel…!" Eneru bit out, struggling fruitlessly against his bonds.
"GUUUM-GUUUM… GOLDEN RIFLE!!" In moments, the gold-clad arm shot back
across the sky at ridiculous speed. Incapable of dodging or countering, Eneru took the attack
dead-on. It not only knocked the Great Lightning Bastard out of his Amaru form, the force of
it also barreled through and destroyed both Bakudo spells, and began carrying Eneru
backwards, towards the belfry.

~BtWwG~​

"People of the world…" Cross breathed numbly, only having started the SBS moments
ago. "My Captain has a message he'd like to share with you all. Soundbite? Broadcast him."
"RIGHT!"
"Thank goodness young Mr. Cross is alright." Herring sighed in relief. "Especially after
that horrific broadcast earlier…"
"I still feel a bit sick after that…" Medaka groaned, looking a little pale. Zios grumbled in
agreement.

"HEY! OLD MAN CRICKET!" Luffy shouted out. "CAN YOU HEAR IT?! WE FOUND THE
CITY OF GOLD! FOR THE LAST FOUR-HUNDRED YEARS, THE CITY OF GOLD… WAS
IN THE SKYYYYY!!!"
CLAAAANG!
Medaka, Herring, Zios, and indeed the rest of Firaaku Island's many inhabitants, joined the
rest of the SBS listeners as they stood in awe at the sound of the Fire of Shandora ringing.
"So pretty…" Medaka marvelled, tearing up.
Zios let out a loud bellow of joy.

-o-​

Elsewhere around the world… on Jaya, Montblanc Cricket rejoiced as his ancestor was
vindicated, and Bellamy 'The Hyena' fainted as his worldview was well and truly shattered.
On the islet of Greenbit just off of Dressrosa, the native Tontattas celebrated their hero's
vindication and cheered for the Straw Hat Pirates. In the North Blue, the tale of 'Noland the
Liar' would rapidly see a change in title, to the tale of 'Noland the Adventurer'.

-o-​

"I have seen the face of God…" Soundbite breathed, slackjawed.
The snail's visage showed Cross nodding in agreement. "Well, looks like that's that. This
whole thing put us through the wringer, and it was crazy. But, well, we won. Simple as that.
Good thing too, because—" He yawned tiredly. "Yep, I'm at the end of my rope. I'll see you all
later, within a day. But until then, this is Jeremiah Cross—"
"AND SOUNDBITE!"

"Signing off. G'night." And with that, the SBS ended once again.
Medaka continued to stand there in awe. 'It's official. I definitely have to get stronger… so I
can get out there and experience these incredible things for myself!'

~BtWwG~​

CLAAAANG!
I couldn't help myself. The unerringly beautiful sound of that damn glorious bell brought me
to tears. Never have I heard a more beautiful sound in either world. It didn't seem possible to
exist. Yet there it was.
'God Bless this wacky-ass world…' I grinned, continuing to descend to the solid cloud below.

A/N: Boom, there it is. I had planned on doing a cliffhanger and saving the finale with
Eneru for next chapter... but I decided, 'fuck it'.
Vishanti as a character is mine, but Brahmapura and its associated worldbuilding
belong to Zaru, in his MHA/One Piece Crossover, 'Heroes of the New World'. I implore
you to go read it if you haven't already. My writing is alright, but Zaru and his
support... *chef's kiss*.
I also struggled with visualizing the battle with Vishanti for a good amount of time, and
while he didn't provide as much help, I'd like to thank Gravityfunns for his advice
regardless. He has a One Piece fanfic of his own, Math.Random. It uses a Gacha system
I had no idea existed before I read his story, The Chaos Gacha. It's nice, but it doesn't
have a lot of the stuff my Master List does. Either way, give this a read too, if you
haven't.
Next chapter, the semi-boring aftermath stuff. Smell ya later!
LLaP

Chapter 32: On Island Cloud Nine
Some time later, Cross and I were able to collate what we needed to find out all we missed
during our involuntary naps. To cover the highlights: Gedatsu, Yama, Shura, and Hotori and
Kotori were defeated much easier than canon, Zoro's newfound 'friendly rivalry' with Braham
inspired his air-slash Cannon attacks, and Eneru enthusiastically crashing the Survival Game,
giving no fucks over whom he did or didn't fry. After he got Cross and I, of course.
In the end, the number of people who survived to make it to Shandora -sans Luffy, Aisa and
Pierre, being stuck in Nola- was seven. The canon five, plus Boss and Braham, with Carue
and Chopper joining the fray after arriving with Cross and myself (picked up on the way) in
tow. As Eneru explained his twisted plans, Gan Fall had charged in a furious rage and fell
easily. Thanks to some forewarning, Robin didn't say a word about the bell, and observed as
Wyper made a successful assault on the lightning-man, contributing further by breaking his
limbs and neck as well.
Unfortunately, Logia powers are absolute bullshit sometimes. He used his own lightning to
puppet his nerves along with restarting his heart. Thus, they and Braham all fell to his power.
Even with Wyper's seastone skate, Zoro, Boss, Carue and Chopper went down too, leaving
Nami and Cross as the last. Nami fast-talked Eneru into not finishing off Cross and instead
letting him try to repent at seeing more of his power, thus they all went to the Ark Maxim.
Once there, they bore witness to Luffy's arrival and subsequent no-selling of Eneru's attacks,
causing the first meme-face moment. Afterward, they escaped the Maxim and Nami moved
them back to Shandora, where Sanji and Usopp joined her shortly after. In spite of Luffy's
increased rage, he wasn't able to cope with the ball of gold, and wasn't far behind.
From there, things went as they did. We lost Angel Island, as Robin said, but thanks to Cross'
first broadcast, other Transponders in the Skypeians' possession led to Captain McKinley
beginning the evacuation early, thus nobody died. Well, except for Pagaya… at least,
everyone thought so. Until he showed up again, not even bothering to explain how he made
it.
As for Cross… sad to say, his limbs were still melted and shit. We tried giving him the Phial's
healing potion, but all it did was relieve the pain. He wasn't healing any more than he already
had or was. And while the potion wouldn't make old scars go away, this was different. We
heavily suspected this was B.R.O.B.'s doing, again. Asshole.
Cross shrugged. "...Anyway, how's everyone else doing?"
"A few bruises and burns, but nothing as bad as yours." Boss grumbled, slamming fist to
palm. "And I'm lucky about that; those notes of yours were a little too accurate for my tastes,
though you forgot to include where the hell the bastard went when all was said and done!
Believe me, if I'd gotten my hands on 'im after Luffy an Evan were through with him, Eneru
would be sky shark chum right now!"

"Actually, that was by design." Cross admitted, to much incredulity. "Don't get me wrong, I
want him dead as much as you do, but this was the only way I could think of that guaranteed
the Rumble-Rumble Fruit would have little to no chance of crossing our path again; if a Devil
Fruit user dies, their power is reincarnated into the nearest appropriate fruit, and there's no
guarantee that it would be native to Skypiea, or any sky island. The last thing we need is for
it to fall into another enemy's hands, or God forbid, the Navy's."
"Then what's gonna happen to Enewu now?" Caure asked. "That fwying ship of his quashed
somewhere faw away when Luffy beat him."
"That's right, but dickhead Eneru may be, he's also a hell of an engineer. The crash didn't
damage the ship enough to keep him down. But unless we pissed him off more than expected,
he's running like hell, taking his power to—"
"To the one place that hasn't been corrupted by capitalism!" Soundbite interrupted, a
maddened Tim Curry grin on his face. "SPACE!!"
As I failed to contain my snorts, Cross gave the meme-lord snail a dry look, then turned back
to us. "Yeah, that."
Nami paled in shock. "W-Wait, you mean that his ship…?!"
I placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. "Right now, Ark Maxim is on an express route to
Fairy Vearth. AKA, the Moon."
Nami stared in blank horror for a moment before collapsing to her knees. "NOOOOO!!" she
howled, shaking her fists at the sky in despair. "MY GOLD! ALL OF MY BEAUTIFUL
GOLD, GONE!" She hunched over and began beating the ground. "CURSE YOU, ENERU!
CUUURSE YOOOUUU!!"
"Pffft… just like Sanji back in Drum…" Cross smirked.
"Ah, so that's why it SEEMED FAMILIAR."
"There there, Nami, it's not all bad…" Vivi rubbed her back kindly.
"Yeah, she's right!" Cross concurred promptly. "As a matter of fact, there's even more gold
waiting for us, gold that he didn't take, ripe for the picking."
"WHAT?!"
Only my quick reflexes saved Cross from being bodily tackled by my lover, my arms
wrapped beneath hers, and she was still struggling in my firm grip, practically foaming at the
mouth. "Where is it, man, where is it?!" she demanded frantically.
"Holy shit, woman, just calm the hell down." Cross then pointed toward Nola, who had been
gleefully slithering through the ruins of Shandora since waking up. "See that giant snake over

there?"
"Yeah?" Usopp asked uncomfortably.
"We need to get it black-out drunk."
"Wha—get the snake dru—?" Nami sputtered, before her eyes widened in realization. "All of
that wreckage… of course."
"Yeah, and you know, the best place to get a lot of alcohol is a good party, and considering
how we've just put an end to six years of tyranny and a four-hundred year war—"
"VICTORY PARTY!"
I blinked away the shock from that loud proclamation, and Nami was already long gone.
"That was louuud…" Cross moaned, knocking a hand against his ear.
"TELL ME about it…" Soundbite agreed, eyes spinning. And this is him talking.
"So… is it usually like this for you guys?" Aisa asked, eyeing the dust trail Nami left behind.
"I can still smell adrenaline in the air, and I'm pretty certain that she must be a mile into the
jungle by now." Su deadpanned. "What the heck do you think?"
"Alright, anyway, before we get started with the party, I have something else to take care of."
Cross said, reaching for the transceiver. "Aisa, how's Wyper doing right now?"
"He's conscious, thanks to Chopper, but doctor's orders are that he doesn't do anything more
strenuous than speaking right now." the girl replied.
"Alright, lead me to him, I think he'll want to be the one to do this. Meanwhile, I think it's
high time we found out what else this thing is capable of…"
As I followed along behind them, I thanked my lucky stars that I was able to keep a straight
face. Unknown to Cross, before he'd made his plans to 'exile' the lightning Logia Fruit, I'd
made some of my own.

-o-​

When I found the right moment, I had slipped away and gone back to the Merry as fast as I
was able, retrieved an item of importance, then equally quickly made for my true destination.

Where the Ark Maxim came to rest, floating idly in the cloudsea.
Onboard, still unconscious and laid out unceremoniously on the deck… was Eneru. I stood
there, giving the bastard who was the next best thing the Sky Islands had to a Celestial
Dragon a Death Glare. Next to me was what I made tracks to Merry for: a particularly large
and well-wrapped fruit basket, containing at least one of every possible fruit from around the
world.
A Funeral Bouquet. Evidently, a Grand Line tradition, one meant to keep Devil Fruits from
being totally random. I saw it back in Mock Town, and when I found out about it, I knew it'd
be better to have it than not. For just this occasion.
I drew Zangetsu from his sheathe, inverted the blade, and raised it up… but I paused as I
brought it down, stopping before the tip pierced his throat.
This… didn't feel right. It wasn't like Mushuru, who was more than ready to come back and
wipe out Sakura Kingdom if left alone. Eneru was actively about to leave, fucking off to the
Moon of all places. On top of that was something else that crossed my mind…
Oda. Never. Forgets.
Unless we're talking about giving moments to Usopp, as even my addled memories seemed to
recall that he hadn't done anything truly epic and/or creative (especially with his pop greens)
since Dressrosa. I mean, I couldn't be sure, but there's gotta be a reason I have that opinion,
right? But either way…
There is a non-zero chance that Eneru is somehow going to return and play some pivotal part
in future events. If I ruin that here… FUCK. I thought I'd grown beyond my indecisiveness
from my old life, dammit.
"...this is probably a stupid-ass decision." I muttered to myself. "But it's mine to make." I
promptly re-sheathed Zangetsu, and turned away. "Swear to Goda, you'd better make
yourself useful in the future, asshole. Or I'm coming to the moon to take that damn fruit
personally."
Before I left, I decided to make dear old Earlobe Eminem worry, by leaving the basket where
I dropped it, but with a note. 'I'll be watching you…' with an evil grin and a small drawing of
Zangetsu's Shikai.

-o-​

'I sure as hell hope I made the right choice here.' I worried to myself.
As our group made our way to where Wyper was resting, Cross started the SBS back up, and
began toying around with it. He discovered the call-in number that people could use to…
well, call in to be on the SBS. We almost had Doffy-boy make a cameo, but Cross found the
blacklist function to keep it from ever happening. He also found the dreaded Fog-Horn
Button. Truly, I pray that its amusement outweighs its annoyance in future.
After, came the advent of the 'Soundbite's Music Corner' segment with 'All for Me Grog' by
The Dubliners, before we found Wyper and finally gave him the chance to tell his side of the
Noland tale and speak with Cricket over the SBS. Once that was finished and Cross signed
off, he got a call on Soundbite's personal line from 'Roar of the Seas' Scratchman Apoo
himself. After a brief exchange, the two agreed to a hilarious fake Radio Rivalry, something I
absolutely looked forward to.
Almost immediately after, we got pulled into a meeting with MI3… or should I say, MI4.
Last night, Cross had a brief call with our Marine allies over whom to recruit next after their
next target they went for today: Captain T-Bone. The ghastly man had been thoroughly
convinced to join the cause after listening to Cross stand up to Eneru. He also confirmed
what Cross had warned our allies, about Vergo being a bitch-ass deep-cover plant for the
Flamingo Fuck.
After that, we joined in on the traditional Straw Hat Victory Party. Bottomless booze, overthe-top antics, former enemies coming together… and occasionally, one crewmate trying to
wallop another into next week. Only the best, as usual.
The next day, with the party wound down and a good night's rest in us, Nami and Luffy
roused the crew to salvage as much gold as we could from Nola's guts. Cross wormed his
way out via Doctor's Orders, but the rest of us dealt with the giant snake variant of
spelunking. As we finished up and emerged with sack-fulls of treasure, I noticed Cross
chatting with Conis, apparently regaling her with tales of our exploits. Come on, that's
technically supposed to be my job. Kind of.
Things went a little crazy when the Skypeians showed up with Robin, carrying one of the
belfry's golden pillars that broke off. A brief panic ensued, until we reassured Nami that this
was simply us fulfilling the promise from the night we left Drum. THAT set her off in the
complete opposite emotional direction, as she instantly tackled me to the ground and made
out with me… then ran off to make out with Robin. Which… well… yep. Nami then
proceeded to nearly annihilate our ears with a squeal-scream of absolute joy that may just
become a new Soundbite attack.
While most of the crew marvelled at our new riches, a brief aside with Robin, who got the
most out of her archeological studies yesterday and acquired rubbings from the Belfry
Poneglyph and Roger's message, we got a shock when Soundbite unknowingly revealed he
can hear the Voice of All Things! Devil Fruit Bullshit, I swear…

After that, of course, came the all-important task of dividing the plunder.
"COME ON, NAMI!" Luffy yelled. "WE'VE GOT ALL THAT GOLD, DON'T BE
STINGY! THIS IS FRAUD, DAMN IT!"
"STINGY?! I'M LETTING THE CREW HAVE TEN PERCENT OF ALL THE GOLD
WE'VE FOUND!" Nami snarled irately. "THAT'S NOT STINGY, THAT'S GENEROUS
BEYOND ALL BELIEF!"
"I don't know what's scarier, the fact that I think she believes that, or the fact that when it
comes to her, it's actually true." Donny muttered under his breath before hastily ducking
under a kick from Sanji.
"THAT'S NOT EVEN ENOUGH FOR HALF OF MY MEAT SUPPLY! WE NEED AT
LEAST EIGHTY PERCENT!"
"Ugh, you and that stupid appetite… FINE, TWELVE PERCENT!"
"NINETY PERCENT!"
"YOU'RE GOING THE WRONG WAY, DUMBASS!"
"I'm just following your modus operandi!" Luffy retorted.
"Ah…" Nami paused. "Alright, that's fair…" Then she frowned in confusion. "Wait, modus
—?"
"Anyway, maybe we can compromise with a hundred and five percent?"
"I WILL CUT YOU!" Nami snarled, brandishing a very familiar sword as she prepared to
draw it.
"Wha— KITETSU?! GIVE ME BACK MY SWORD, WOMAN!"
"Oh please." I scoffed. "That hell-blade probably feels right at home in the hands of someone
in Nami's current state."
"...withdrawn." Zoro conceded semi-reluctantly.
"Alright! Two-Hundred Percent, that's my final offer!" Luffy declared.
With an unholy screech that scared even me, Nami ripped the blade from its sheath and—
"DOUBLE FIVE SQUARED PERCENT!"
"DEAL!" she whooped, swinging the blade around to point it at—
"Vivi?!" Most of the crew blurted in confusion.

"Put it there." the Princess said, extending her hand with a winning smile.
"Heeheeheehee! Sucker!" Nami squealed ecstatically, grabbing her friend's hand and shaking
vigorously. "Now I have—!"
"Fifty percent of the gold, yes." Vivi confirmed calmly.
"Fifty— WHAT?!" Nami screamed in shock, releasing Vivi's hand as if it burned her. "BuBut-But that's not what you said, you said five per—!"
"No, I said double five squared percent." Vivi corrected, unfazed.
Nami promptly dropped Sandai Kitetsu (to Zoro's ire), and counted on her fingers, muttering
under her breath in a manic tone. Suddenly, she froze and slowly looked up with a haunted
look. "What just happened?" she whispered in horror.
"Vivi just proved why she's our new Negotiator." I answered with a grin. "Hell, if she can
make you agree to a fifty-fifty split, imagine what she can do for anyone else."
Several of the others began clapping for Vivi, which she answered with a small curtsy.
"So, was that good, Vivi?" Luffy asked with a grin.
"You did very well, Luffy." she smiled, patting him on the back. "You'll be getting a full five
percent of that for your diet."
"WOO!" Luffy pumped his fists in the air. "That's four percent more than what I usually get!"
"Alright, alright," Cross interrupted. "As amusing as this is, I need to insist on ninety percent
of what we get from the pillar being set aside for no—AGH!" He stopped as Nami hauled
him a full three feet in the air by his collar.
"Say that again, Cross, I dare you…" Nami snarled demonically. She almost turned that look
on me as I put my hand on her shoulder comfortingly.
"Nami, sweetheart, this isn't for something inane." I explained with an air of seriousness. "It's
for a need, for the whole crew."
Her expression softened slightly, and she set Cross back down. As the Commie patted
himself down, he turned to our Sniper. "Usopp. Tell them what's at stake here."
Usopp sighed. "Well, I did want to explain this myself…" he muttered, expression hardening.
"Guys, you need to know this. Remember how the Merry was repaired back to its original
state before the Survival Game started?"
The crew all looked between one another in confusion. "Uh, yeah?" Vivi finally nodded
slowly in agreement. "We were all really impressed by how well you and Cross did, what

about it?"
"That's just the thing… Fact is, Cross didn't do a lot that night, and I wasn't part of the repairs
until midway through. Someone else repaired the Merry, and restored her to her original
state."
"So what, you're saying we owe them money for that?" Nami began angrily. "Because I'm not
giving—"
"Shut up, Nami." Usopp, Soundbite and Cross cut her off frigidly, the tone even
making Sanji freeze.
"Look…" Usopp continued. "We don't owe the person who repaired Merry anything except
our utmost gratitude, because… because…" the sniper bit his lip to try keeping his emotions
under control.
Cross sighed heavily, arms crossed and head bowed. "It was the Merry." he revealed. "She
manifested a body and repaired herself. And before anyone says anything, take the last 73
hours into account."
The others rolled through a myriad of emotions; confusion, understanding, contemplation,
then dumbfoundedness. "...she actually manifested a Klabautermann, didn't she?" Sanji
whispered in awe.
Cross nodded gravely. "It was the whole reason I pulled the ghost story stunt, to have a valid
reason to be aboard her that night. I hoped to feign not knowing she would manifest, and it
worked." He grimaced. "I… I met her. I talked to her, I helped her. A-And—tsk…" He
snapped his teeth shut miserably as his voice broke. He collapsed, beginning to sob. "...even
after everything I've tried… she's one step away from the point of no return. She's dying."
I didn't blame him. I was barely holding it together as-is. The thought of going through the
'Viking Funeral' scene… hells, Oda himself cried at that part, and he wrote it!
The crew all reacted as one; horror, defiance, but mostly shock all around. "D-Dying?"
Chopper asked, tearing up.
"No way, that's not possible!" Luffy denied firmly. "Merry's strong! She's great! She's—!"
"An East Blue Caravel, Luffy." I interrupted somberly. "You're right on all counts, but she
was created for pleasure cruises on an ocean not mired in insanity." My fists clenched.
"That's right." Reiju remarked sadly. "With people, we can heal injuries and grow stronger
from it. Not ships, though. The 'injuries' just… pile up, until they hit a breaking point."
"So then… Merry's nearing the end of her line…" Boss spoke quietly.
"But she's not there yet." Usopp snapped at his most serious. "We still have a chance to save
her. Sailing with us all this time, she got a dream of her own: to stay with us, to go on

adventures with us even with her… limitations. And Cross promised her that we'd find a way
to make it happen."
Cross jerked his head away. "It was a stupid promise that I really shouldn't have made,
Usopp." He stood back up, weathering the looks from the crew. "Oh, come off it, all of you. I
know it sounds bad, but facts are facts: I made a promise I can't guarantee to keep. I mean…"
He gripped his head miserably. "Believe me, I want to see Merry survive as much as anyone
of us, but realistically? Look at me." He spread his arms. "Look at my track record. I'm
making differences, sure, but in the long run, all I'm doing is a mere—"
"Shut it!" I barked, making Cross jump. "What you've done, what you're still doing, I can tell
is going to pay off in the long run. The SBS is the rock rolling downhill that will cause a
veritable landslide. Fate is playing games with us, sure, but we can make a difference. Look
at Alubarna. All the lives I saved with just two actions. I've… been hoping for something to
pop up in my Gacha by now. A Wood Logia, Fixit Felix's Hammer, anything I could use for
this. Hell, I'm still hoping…" I gave the Commie a look. "You have an idea for this already,
don't you?"
"Of course I do!" Cross snapped back. "And it's the best chance in the world that we're gonna
get, but—"
"Then that'll work." Usopp interrupted firmly, arms crossed. "We have a chance for it to
work, so we'll all make it work."
Cross stared silently for a moment, then sighed in defeat. "Well, shit. Hard to argue with that
attitude." He still gave the Great Sniper a firm glare. "But knowing Merry, I trust that she
already told you that if, IF this chance fails… you need to be prepared to let go, right?
Because if you hang on, if you go past the pale on this… we will never forget the
consequences."
Usopp tensed up at this, blood drops falling from his nails buried in his palms. "If we've
done everything we can…" Usopp finally replied. "Exhausted every option we've got, and it's
not enough… then I'll let go. But not any sooner than that."
A good bit of tension left me at that. As far as I'm concerned, that means Usopp won't turn on
Luffy and abandon the crew over the Merry. And Cross thinks he's barely making a
difference, the moron.
"My thoughts exactly." Cross nodded at Usopp, turning back to our navigator. "Nami, for the
chance I have in mind—"
"Cross, I might have something of an obsession, and I know that I might act like it
sometimes, but don't think that I'm actually heartless." Nami cut him off frigidly. "The whole
of the gold is for the Merry first. We'll split things 40/60—"
"Fifty/Fifty." Vivi interrupted flatly.
Nami grimaced, shuddering in revulsion. "That way with whatever's left. But first, we find

out how much of it Merry needs."
"Hang on…" Reiju raised a hand. "Evan, aren't you already rich as hell right now? From all
the cash you keep on your Fortress?"
I blinked stupidly for a moment. "Huh. In all the hubbub, I kinda forgot that…" I admitted.
"Still, better to prepare this way, as the Fortress has ended up inaccessible before, and we
don't want to be caught out again, do we?"
Cross nodded. "Point well made." He turned a contemplative look upon the pillar. "I suppose
the only question remaining is how much of this we'll be leaving behi—HRK!" He began
scrabbling at the iron grip of my beloved, one-handedly lifting him by the throat.
"I will feast on your entrails!" Nami hissed in a voice reminiscent of Demon Lords.
Soundbite layering in the latin chanting just added emphasis.
"Nami." Usopp cut in, still in serious mode. Which was shaken when her hellish gaze turned
upon him. "I-If we t-try taking that whole thing, Merry will sink as soon as we get back to the
Blue Sea. Heck, it'll probably drag us straight through the White Seas too!"
Nami stilled, slowly releasing Cross to fall on his ass. "Evan, Darling." she looked upon me
questioningly. "Now that Reiju mentioned it, we could just use your Fortress to keep all the
gold on to bring it with us, right?"
I shook my head. "Believe me, if I could, the portal would be open right now. But the damn
thing won't recognize Island Cloud as solid ground, and there's too much cloudstuff on and
around Upper Yard that's interfering. Otherwise we may have left Merry with the Saruyama
Alliance and came up here on our own." I shrugged. "I plan to try something to bypass that,
I'd very much like to return in the future, safely."
Nami nodded in understanding, but her expression quickly darkened. "...Usopp. Go and find
out exactly how much space we can spare that won't compromise Merry. If we miss a single
square inch that we can spare, then I give you my word… I will empty you out and use your
sorry hide as a sack. Understood?"
"Y-Y-Y-Yes, m-ma'am!" Usopp whimpered.
"THEN GET GOING!" she roared. Now I don't remember teaching Shunpo to Usopp, but he
mimicked it fairly well. Nami's rage then evaporated as she fell upon the pillar, embracing it
and quietly crying. "Oh, my dear, sweet gold… what can we do with the rest of you…?"
…you know, if I ever rolled a Power Ring, and picked Orange, Nami may just be one of the
most powerful Orange Lanterns in existence. Hell, she may even override the 'insanity' that
typically comes with them. Not that I was actually willing to risk it, mind. She wasn't exactly
Lantern Paul, after all.
"Am I the only one seeing her dry hump that thing?" Cross asked uneasily.

"Unfortunately, no." Lasso deadpanned. "Seriously, she's doing it better than most
of my kind…"
"Eh, not really." I said dismissively. "She can move way better than that."
"And how do y—" Cross stopped himself, then gave me a flat look. "Oh, right.
You would know, wouldn't you?"
I gave him a huge, cheeky grin. One that didn't leave my face as I dodged Sanji's salty
attempt to kick me, then in the same motion, firmly grasped the offending limp and
bodily yeeted him into a tree. When I failed to hear Zoro bark out a laugh, I turned and saw
him headed for the pillar, all three of his swords drawn. "Zoro?"
"Relax, I'm not after her." Zoro replied. "But I've been thinking about this move for a while,
and in all the craziness yesterday, I think I finally figured out how to pull it off." He grinned,
then dashed toward the center of the pillar, well away from Nami. "Three Sword Style
BURST: FIVE SENSE RAVAGER!"
He unleashed a very precise series of thin, flying slashes at the pillar, drawing Nami's
attention from her grief. She flew through a series of emotions before settling into outright
joy. The whole crew, Sanji included, gaped at the result. Zoro had just carved the Straw Hat
Jolly Roger into the pillar.
"Zoro…" Nami breathed numbly, tears glistening in her eyes. "It's… it's…"
"Mine."
"WHAT WAS THAT?" Nami rumbled viciously.
Zoro resheathed his blades, completely unfazed. "Nobody officially claimed this thing yet.
Not you, not Robin, not anyone. Up until this moment, this pillar was free gold. But now that
I've marked it, I've brought it into the crew myself. As such, it's my share entirely. And as my
share, I've decided to give it… to you." The swordsman grinned triumphantly. "I'd say that
about covers my debt, don't you?"
'Oh, that crafty little shit.' I smirked to myself. He actually found a way out of that stupid
debt, bringing a halt to the running gag. My smirk faded rather quickly as, after a minute of
Nami's disbelieving glances between the pillar and Zoro, mouth flapping uselessly… all the
muscles in her body tensed at once, her eyes rolled back, and she keeled over.
"SHIT!" I panicked, snatching up Chopper and Shunpo'ing to her in an instant, cradling her
shuddering form, her mouth foaming.
"Ahh…" Caure slowly raised a wing. "I'm confused… is she haffing a hawt attack, a stwoke,
owr an aneuwysm?"
Chopper used a penlight to shine in Nami's blank eyes. "Unless I miss my guess? All three at
once."

'Jesucristo, sweetheart…' I thought exasperatedly through my panic.
"Isn't any one of those potentially fatal, Mister Tony?" Robin asked uneasily.
Chopper began to nod, then proceeded to flip out. "AAAHHH! WE NEED A DOCTOR! WE
— NO, WAIT!" The little reindeer froze and whipped out a huge syringe, brandishing it with
a demented smile. "I AM A DOCTOR!"
*THWACK*
"OW! …thanks, Evan."
"Anytime. Now, saving Nami! HURRY!"
"O-ON IT!"

~BtWwG~​

Eventually, after Chopper got Nami back up, Usopp returned, having done a thorough survey
of the Merry's holding capacity. Every possible nook and cranny where it wouldn't get seen
and stolen was found and documented. The pillar was measured carefully, and Zoro went and
sliced off just the right amount. There was also extra time taken to make sure every bit of
'loose change' was salvaged from within Nola, thanks to Chopper cooking up an anesthetic
for her. Thus, our 'snake gold' hoard was doubled.
Between Zoro, Luffy, Sanji, Nami and myself, we got the hoard back to the Merry, where
Zoro and Leo began carving it up under Usopp's direction. The rest of us, however, were
distracted by an unexpected guest on deck, along with a slew of crates.
"So, I take it that you're leaving?" Conis smiled expectantly.
"Afraid so, Conis." Cross said, smiling wistfully. "We'd love to stay, but in the end, well…
we are pirates. It's time for us to set sail for the next great adventure on the Blue Sea. You
here to see us off?"

"Ohh, I'm so glad you did, Conis-dear!" Sanji swooned eagerly. "For what better way is there
to leave heaven than to be bid farewell by an angel?"
"Either way, it's been really great knowing you, Conis." Vivi smiled, holding the angel's
hands. "We know that things started up rough, but you've been a great friend. I doubt we
could have done even half as much as we did without your help."
Conis smiled back gratefully. "That's kind of you to say, Vivi, and you've all done incredible
things up here I doubt I can ever repay you for. But!" She stuck a finger up proudly. "I'd like
to think that I can at least start by giving you one final present before you go. I took the
liberty of looking over your ship, and I believe your weapons room has just enough space for
what I'm giving you."
"Oh? What would that be, then?" I asked curiously.
Conis' smile widened as she flipped the lid of one of the biggest crates. "A gunner."
Cross gazed into the box with awe. "Oh, holy shit."
Lasso abruptly appeared, panting eagerly. "I am suddenly very interested in these
developments!"
Within the crates was not just a bazooka, but a full-on Burn Bazooka, packed with straw like
you'd see in pop-culture gun deals. Opening the rest of them revealed an all-out weapons
arsenal. Even our pillar-carvers took notice. Pistols, rifles, shotguns… from typical Blue
Seas tech to dial-based, it was… dayumn!
Evidently, this was all the surplus from the Skypeian and Shandoran arsenals, no war means
they don't need this much anymore. Funny enough, she ended up trading away copies of the
embarrassing snapshot of Spongebob at the Christmas Party Eneru's Meme Face. HA! It even
set everyone off laughing at the delusional twit.
"Heheh, heee…" Cross wheezed out, wiping a tear away. "Well, anyway, thanks a lot for this
armory, Conis. It's probably going to take us a while to learn how to use it, but once we do
—!" He stopped when Conis hunched over in a renewed fit of giggling.
I cocked an eyebrow. "What could possibly be funny?" I asked curiously.
"Heheh…" Conis stood back up, her laughter back under control and hiding a smile behind
her hand. "Sorry about that, it's just… It seems you misheard me when I told you what my
gift was!"
"Huh?" Cross blinked in confusion. "What are you—?"
"SON OF A BITCH!" Soundbite roared without warning.
"What, what is it?"

Soundbite gaped at Conis in shock. "S-S-SHE didn't say she was giving us guns!"
I played back her earlier words in my head, and froze in shock. "Ooohhh…" I realized.
"She didn't say guns… she said 'a gunner'."
The beri dropped, and the crew's eyes bugged out as they realized. "Conis…" Vivi breathed
in disbelief. "What exactly are you trying to say?"
Conis smiled eagerly before snatching up a bazooka, slinging its strap around her body, and
flipping the gun over so that she was holding it in an upside-down underslung style. She
capped the whole display off by expertly cocking the weapon. "I'm saying that considering I
know how to use all of these weapons, I'd like to become your crew's gunner!" Conis
announced proudly… before shrinking in on herself, hands folded behind her back as she
scuffed at the floor with a sheepish smile. "I-If you'll have me, that is…"
Dead. Silence. It stretched on for what seemed like forever, until the crew finally reacted
appropriately. Half were in the 'WHAAAAT?!' category, the other half varied.
"OF COURSE, SWEET CONIS, WE'RE GLAD TO HAVE YOU!" Sanji simped.
"WOO, GIRL POWER!" Raphey exclaimed, pumping her fists.
"WhatHaveIDone, WhatHaveIDone, WhatHaveIDone…" Cross worried, mumbling on loop.
Usopp elbowed Zoro in the side, and held out his palm. "Pay up."
"Tsk." the swordsman snarled, digging out a wad of bills to hand to Usopp.
"Well, I suppose that fills up all the spare beds in the Women's cabin." Reiju tittered.
"Is it just me, or have all the new additions to the crew since me been people being pushy?"
Chopper muttered.
"There does seem to be a pattern, doesn't it?" I agreed. Inside, I was still in shock. We
inspired Conis, of all people, to join our crew. What a twist.
Boss managed to snap out of shock, and focus intently on the bemused Conis. "Ma'am…" he
began. "Didn't you say that you wanted to give us this gift to repay us? Cause Luffy's sorta
particular about that kind of thing."
Conis waved her hands with a panicked expression. "Oh, nonono! Nothing like that, I swear!
When I said that, I just meant that was why you all were my first choice! Well, that, and
because you're my friends, of course…" She was a bit sheepish for a moment before shaking
it off. "But even if you won't let me join you, then I'll just join the next crew who comes up
here, or… or even travel over Cloud's End myself! Either way…" She crossed her arms and
looked away sadly. "Either way, I'm going, and… and I'd really like nothing more than to go
with you all."

Luffy grinned eagerly. "Of course!"
"Luffy!" Nami cut in, glaring at our Captain. She then gave Conis a concerned expression.
"I… look, Conis, I'm not complaining about this, I swear, I know better than anyone what it's
like to make this kind of decision. And I doubt you reached your conclusion lightly, but…"
She spread her arms helplessly. "How did this happen? How did you do from the girl we met
playing her harp on the beach to, well… you?"
"Well…" Conis bit her lip hesitantly, then looked toward the Commie himself. "It's actually
because of Cross."
"Of course it is…" Nami, Zoro and Vivi chorused flatly, facepalming.
"Yeah, it was gonna be one of us two, wasn't it?" I smirked amusedly.
"Wait, ME?!" Cross bit incredulously. "Y-You mean what I said a few—?!"
"No, no, not that!" Conis shook her head hastily. "That was just to remove any doubts I had
left about wanting to do this, and you did that wonderfully. I… I meant earlier. When…" She
shuddered. "When Eneru attacked us."
Cross visibly winced, then gave her a look of confusion. "I—what?! How did that display
inspire you to go forth and venture?!"
"Because of what you said!" Conis exclaimed before sighing wistfully. "How you said that
the Blue Seas were bigger and more glorious than any of us could ever imagine, how you
said that there's so much we don't know. It just… your words resonated with me. And besides
that, well…" She smiled sadly. "I was impressed at how you had what I always lacked:
courage."
"Say what?!" Raphey scoffed. "Are you crazy, woman? You're currently carrying almost half
your bodyweight in gun! You're a badass!"
"No, I'm a person with training and discipline." Conis responded before wilting. "But until
now, I've never actually had the will to apply it. All these years, I've had the means with
which to fight against Eneru in at least some capacity, but fear stayed my hand…" She briefly
shuddered fearfully. "And yet you, a Blue Sea Dweller with far less combat ability, when
faced with Enerus wrath -head on, no less- stripped of any ability to fight back, facing certain
death, and you still had the courage to stand up to him without hesitating once."
She smiled, looking at the crew fondly. "And while that may be the biggest reason, your crew
as a whole made an impression on me, challenging Eneru and all of his disciples -and
winning- just because of someone you met that same day. And even in the middle of all of it,
you're still able to relax and celebrate as if nothing was amiss. Seeing what all of you could
do, I… well, for a brief moment, I wanted to be a part of it." Her smile then died and rotted
into a haunted look. "That… that feeling was one of the only reasons I managed to pull
through what happened only an hour later."

"Conis, your father didn't die!" Cross protested. "He's still alive!"
"But I didn't know that at the time!" she retorted tearfully. "I—look, I've never really had any
friends before you all, I don't have any other family…" She jugged herself desperately. "FFor as long as I can remember, it's always been my father, Su and I. They're the only family
I've ever known, and when I thought my father… d-d-died…, t-then the only true connection
I had left tying me to Skypeia died with him."
Vivi laid a consoling hand on Conis' shoulder, which she gripped with a grateful smile. She
took a calming breath and steeled her expression. "When that happened," she whispered
solemnly. "I made a promise to myself. I promised that if we survived this ordeal, if we all
lived, then I would leave Skypeia. I would leave the White Sea, and I would go out and
explore the glorious world that awaited me with no regrets."
I sighed sadly. "Then you found out Pagaya survived…"
Conis shuddered in anguish. "Yes, that… that created something of a conflict." She then
perked up with a hopeful, and slightly confused, look. "But I… I talked it over with my father
later that night, and he was… surprisingly encouraging. Sad, of course, but… but he was
understanding and he… he said that he approved."
"But of course."
I wasn't nearly as easy to jumpscare as in my previous life (thanks for passing that on to
me, Mom…), but I still jumped when Pagaya spoke up out of nowhere behind me. "Where
the hell did you come from?" I questioned.
"F-Father!" Conis stammered in shock, rushing toward Pagaya. "W-What are you doing
here?!"
Pagaya chuckled fondly, laying his hands on his daughter's shoulders. "What kind of father
would I be if I didn't see my daughter off? As for any confusion over my willingness to let
you leave, well…" he sighed warmly. "I suppose that I'm just of the opinion that it's not right
for one person to get in the way of another's dreams. If this is truly your dream, Conis, and I
believe that it is, then like your mother before you, I won't stand in your way."
Conis stiffened, tears welling in her eyes before she hugged Pagaya, burying her face in his
shoulder, sobbing joyously as he patted her back.
Cross cleared his throat, earning glares for breaking the moment. "Look, I'm sorry for ruining
the moment, but I adamantly refuse to believe I'm the only one who wants to hear the story of
Conis' mother."
Glares for a moment longer, then the crew murmured in agreement.
"It was about twenty-four years ago, before Conis was born."
"Wha—Su!" Conis gasped, turning to her longtime friend.

"I only heard about Serra from my parents," she continued. "But apparently she was always
something of a wanderer, ceaselessly exploring Upper Yard at every opportunity. She fell in
love with Pagaya over their shared love of Wavers, the freedom to see somewhere on the
horizon and just go there on a whim. But no matter how far she went, the White Seas were
always too small for her. Then one day, a pirate crew much like yours arrived, and she was
presented with an opportunity. A chance to leave, to see the world… a chance to live." Su
paused, hanging her head sadly. "It was with a heavy heart that she left her fiancée behind,
but her heart yearned for adventure, and she simply couldn't deny it."
Su sat back on her haunches. "After four years, she came back to Angel Island, and she and
Pagaya picked up where they left off; they finally married, and then had Conis a year later.
But Pagaya could see the euphoria she had whenever she talked about the wonders she'd
seen. He wanted her to do what made her happiest… so she used her experience to arm
herself with all the resources she could afford, and when Conis was four, she left again…"
Su then perked her head up, seeming to be smiling. "But not before leaving her daughter a
companion in the form of a cloud fox she'd found. My mother was a loyal companion for
Conis until her age caught up with her, and that's when I took over. I've never left her side
since. Well…" Su scurried over to Conis, clambering onto her shoulder and rubbing up
against her cheek. "Almost never. Sorry for running off like that, I had some things to take
care of."
Conis giggled happily, leaning into her companion. "Oh, Su…" she smiled
"I'm sorry that I don't seem sad that I didn't stop your mother from leaving all those years
ago, Conis." Pagaya… assumedly smiled behind his beard. "And I'm sorry that I don't seem
sad now, but the fact is that I find it quite impossible to be even the slightest but remorseful
over the fact that the two women I love most in my life are following their dreams. As sad as
I;ll be to watch you leave, I'd be even sadder if I made you suffer by forcing you to stay."
He cast a wistful gaze at the Going Merry. "In the end, I suppose we can only call it fate. Just
as it did over twenty years ago, the Knock-Up Stream has yet again brought pirates to our
land who will affect our family in fantastic ways. Ah, what a wondrous world we live in…"
…It took a moment, but I realized the implications of what Pagaya just fucking said. "De
quoi?" I uttered in shock.
"Oh my…" Robin whispered numbly, making the connection herself.
"Hoooly shit." Cross concurred.
"Ah… is something wrong, you guys?" Reiju asked in concern. "You know who they were?"
"Oh, I'd say so." I spoke with gravitas. "The crew Pagaya is talking about? It was the Roger
Pirates."
Twenty seconds, it took, for that revelation to sink in. The following collective yell of
"WHAAAAAAAT?!" sent the wildlife in the trees into a mass retreat. Luffy led Chopper,

Usopp and the TDWS in kowtowing before Conis chanting, "WE'RE NOT WORTHY!"
"Um, pardon me, but why are you all reacting like that?" Conis asked uncomfortably, a slight
blush on her face.
"The Roger Pirates are one of history's most infamous crews, the only ones to make it to the
Grand Line's final island." I began to explain "They disbanded twenty-two years ago after
Gol D. Roger was executed, but not before his final words sent countless souls to the seas.
For the promise of great treasure, the One Piece, for whomever could find it, setting off the
Great Pirate Era as many sought to inherit Roger's title: King of the Pirates. The quest for the
One Piece is what we and other crews like us set out for."
Conis and Pagaya both appeared shocked. "She joined with a crew of that strength?" Conis
asked eagerly.
"The captain was executed, you say?" Pagaya asked weakly. "I'm sorry, but the rest of the
crew…?"
I could see his concern, and spoke up again. "Just him. The rest of the crew scattered to
wherever else. I only know of two for certain, but as to Serra's whereabouts…" I shrugged
helplessly.
Pagaya relaxed, nodding in response. "So long as she's alive, that shall be enough for me."
"Ugh… I can't take much more of these surprises." Vivi groaned, sinking to her knees along
with a thoroughly agreeing Carue and Nami.
"Well, I can't make any promises, but I for one will at least try and keep the nonsense to a
min… minim… aaaHAHAHAHAHA!" Su suddenly threw her head back barking with
laughter. "NOPE! Couldn't say it with a straight face, you guys are screwed!"
"AH, LA FOLIE À DEUX. Dis gon' be FUN, HAHAHA!" Soundbite cackled ecstatically.
"Wha—wait, what?!" Conis snapped her head around to stare at Su in shock. "Su, you
are not coming with me! This voyage is going to be dangerous beyond belief, I can't possibly
put you at risk like that."
Su tilted her head at Conis. "Um, of course I'm coming? Why else do you think I've spent the
whole day saying goodbye to all of my animal friends?"
"Su, you are not—!"
"Conis?" I grabbed the angel's attention. "I'm fairly certain you know how stubborn she is
more than I, but from what I've seen? Give it up, and save yourself the energy."
Conis seemed like she would argue more anyway, then finally sighed. "...fine." she said,
clearly happy about it regardless.

Pagaya cleared his throat, looking at Luffy. "Captain, I stand by all I've said before. All I ask
is that like her mother before, I know that my little girl is venturing forth in the best company
she can possibly find, and quite honestly, I believe that to be you and your crew. So, as a
father, I am begging you…" He clasped his hands pleadingly. "Will you please take her with
you, and keep her as safe as you can?"
Luffy responded by grinning widely, rubbing beneath his nose. "Shishishishi! I've already
made that promise twice, why wouldn't I make it again?"
"Twice?" Vivi wondered curiously. "He made it for me, but who—?"
"Nami." I answered, grinning. "Genzo gave me an earful as well."
Nami facepalmed with an embarrassed groan. "I am going to kill that man when I see him
again…" She didn't even try to hide the smile she sported.
Conis, meanwhile, had an ecstatic grin slowly start to spread across her face. "So… so you
mean—?"
Luffy shot his fists into the air. "WE HAVE TWO NEW CREWMATES! HIP HIP!"
"HOORAY!" Usopp, Chopper and Carue leaped and crowed joyously.
"To see the ranks of one's companions bolstered, even marginally…" I spoke, turning to our
flak-jacketed Dugong. "Is it what I think it is, Boss?"
"Indeed, Evan!" he agreed, punching the air. "THIS IS THE PUREST OF MAN'S
ROMANCES!"
"GO, BOSS, GO!" his apprentices cheered.
"AN ANGEL HAS JOINED OUR CREW!" Sanji swooned in full love-mode. "I COULDN'T
BE HAPPIER!"
"And it looks like she could have some fight in her, too…" Zoro mused, fingering the hilts of
his swords.
*WHAM*
Which he then drew in an instant, to block Sanji's kick at his head. "I'LL CAVE YOUR
SKULL IN IF YOU EVEN THINK ABOUT TOUCHING HER, MOSSHEAD!" he raged
furiously.
Of course, this resulted in the latest in brawls between them. I wonder if Rayleigh and Gaban
ever got into fights like this often…?
As the rest of us welcomed Conis warmly, I noticed Nami and Cross having a GastroScrambled conversation nearby, but decided I didn't need to get involved. When they were

done, Nami marched up to drop her hand on Conis' shoulder.
"Welcome aboard, Conis. Now, as Second Mate, allow me to give you your first official order
as a Straw Hat Pirate." Nami announced. I winced as I saw her draw a deep breath.
"LOAD THE GOLD, RIGHT NOW!"
With that, efforts were made to finish dismantling what little of the golden pillar we could
take with us. Usopp even got a genius idea to mimic Eneru's Gloam Paddling with Heat and
Flame Dials, melding them into shapes that nobody could remove from the Merry if they
tried. Once Nami took inventory of our total haul, the total was a little over Two Billion Beri.
And that was the conservative estimate!
I also got another Gacha opportunity.

ping!
You have earned an Item Roll!

1. Eye of Venus (Eden Zero)​
2. Dragon's Claw (DC)​
3. Mace of Molage Bal (Elder Scrolls)​
4. Bansho Fan (Dragon Ball)​
5. Charms (Various) (Legend of Zelda)​
6. Dawnbreaker (Elder Scrolls)​
7. Doctors Coat (Doctor Who)​
8. Virgo's Key (Fairy Tail)​
9. Cornucopia (Percy Jackson)​
10. UNSC Pillar of Autumn II (Halo)​
11. Fury-Class Interceptor (Star Wars)​
12. Ace [Roger's Sword] (One Piece)​
13. Hextech Laser (Arcane)​
14. Madara's Gunbai (Naruto)​
15. Keldabe-Class Battleship (Star Wars)​
16. Rooster Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
17. Pisces' Key (Fairy Tail)​
18. Yocto-Bottoms (Akame ga Kiru)​
19. HI-Potion (Final Fantasy)​
20. Portal Gun (Portal)​

I didn't waste any time speculating on the contents of the list, and just tossed my D20. After
bouncing around a bit, it came to a rest on 10.

UNSC Pillar of Autumn II (Halo)
The new Autumn-Class Heavy Cruisers were commissioned after the Human-Covenant
War as a replacement for the Marathon-Class. Named after the original Pillar of
Autumn, a Halcyon-Class Cruiser which played a pivotal role in the events leading to
the War's conclusion, the Pillar of Autumn II is the first of her class. Equipped with an
impressive array of the UNSC's finest armaments, this ship is bound to make her
namesake proud, and break any foe who dares face her.​

…hot dawg! My first official starship! Looks like when I finally get the Factory going, I have
something for my glorious clanker army to crew. I accepted, and received the message, 'The
UNSC Pillar of Autumn II has been parked/docked next to your DOOM Fortress'.
Later, Pagaya presented us with his finished modification on Nami's Jet Waver, now a oneperson watercraft of pure awesomeness. Further, Cross called a review on the collection of
dials he insisted on during this debacle. Robin scavenged many Axe Dials from Yama and his
men; between Sanji, Usopp, Terry and Isaiah, and their bigger cousins, we got a slew of
Thunder Dials, Water Dials, and Jet Dials. All not counting what Usopp got from trades. Boss
ripped the Heat and Flame Dials from Shura and Fuza, Nami got the Dial collections from
Hotori and Kotori, and Chopper got a couple of Gedatsu's Milky Dials.
Most impressively, Zoro managed to retrieve Ohm's Eisen Whip after defeating him! Cross
got the bright idea to have Nami look it over, and I watched in awe as my lover quickly began
analyzing the controls, and in no time flat, she made it produce a cloud that she was able to
freely manipulate. This was going to be a massive upgrade for her! Even if it meant
triggering Cross' PTSD every now and again, as he insisted.
As Usopp braced himself to be busy in the future upgrading Cross' armor and baton, Nami's
Clima-Tact, ideas for Vivi and Carue, Boss' Rope Dart, and his own arsenal, Captain
McKinley and the White Berets showed up, as well as Laki and Wyper. McKinley and his
men saluted Conis, and he promoted her from Reserve Officer to Commander, of the 'Straw
Hat Division', giving her a beret of her own. Laki passed on her tinted combat goggles to her
'unofficial sister', and Wyper gifted her with something incredibly powerful: his Reject Dial.
No doubt that would find great use in times to come.
"Hey, Wyper, hang on a second!" Cross called to the Berzerker, as he turned to leave. Cross
approached, and lowered his voice. "It goes without saying that we want you to keep that

pillar safe for us. But if a certain…" He coughed to hide a chuckle. "'Spring-Heeled
Dickweasel' shows up here, tell him that he can have it as a loan from us. Assuming you get
into a fight with everyone who comes up here, and we both know you will—"
"Of course." Wyper flatly confirmed.
"Then you'll understand what I mean when you meet him."
The Shandian rolled his eyes before nodding. "Alright, 'Spring-Heeled Dickweasel', got it."
he muttered, turning and moving back to shore.
I rolled my eyes. Of course Cross found a long con, high-stakes gamble for the gold we
couldn't take with us. He needs at least one every other week to keep from snapping, or
something. Before we set off, Terry and Isaiah showed up, intent on coming back down with
us. Obviously, they knew that they had no game with their supersized cousins around.
"Alright, now we set sail!" Luffy cheered.
"HOLD IT!" Soundbite yelled.
"WHAT NOW?" the crew shouted in exasperation.
"I'M HEARING one heartbeat too many. SOMEONE ELSE is onboard." he said to the crew
quietly. He then jabbed an eyestalk at the storage room. As Cross went to check it out, I
reached out with my Reikaku and… wait, isn't that—?! Oh, that crafty little rascal.
Cross had Zoro grab up a medium-sized barrel, and then brought it out to toss it carelessly to
the crowd gathering on the shore to see us off. "HEADS UP, nascent rat INFESTATION
HEADING your way!" Soundbite called out. Genbo caught the barrel instinctively, but
Soundbite's call out had him about to toss it right in the water. Only for the top to shoot right
off first.
"GET-EM-OFF-GET-EM-OFF-GET-EM-OFF!" Aisa shrieked in panic, leaping out of the
barrel and flailing as she ran in a circle.
"Get what off?" Cross asked innocently. "We said we were getting rid of a rat, and that's just
what we did!"
Aisa promptly froze as she processed his words, then snarled and shook her fists at him.
"YOU TWO-TIMING SON OF A—!"
"Aisa."
The Shandian girl froze mid-rage, cold sweat beginning as she slowly turned to stare up at
Wyper, Kamakiri, and most importantly, Laki. All three adults glared down at her. Staying
frozen for a moment, Aisa tried to bolt for the Merry, but hardly made it a step before Laki
caught her by the back of her shirt and hoisted her into the air kicking and flailing.

"LEMME GO, LEMME GO!" the young pseudo-oracle shrieked. "I LISTENED TO WHAT
CROSS SAID ABOUT THE BLUE SEA AND IT SOUNDS AWESOME! I WANNA BE A
PIRATE AND GO ON ADVENTURES TOO!"
Vivi shot Cross a sidelong look. "What are you, Patient Zero for a new mutation of Roger's
Madness Wave?"
"Oi, don't go blaming me!" Cross protested, pointing at Luffy. "He's the one who infected me,
I just happen to be more contagious is all, both intentionally and not."
"Shishishi! I'm convectious!" Luffy snickered.
"That is neither a good thing nor the right word, Luffy." Nami deadpanned.
I'll be honest, if I had rolled one of the named Zanpakuto, or an Asauchi, I might have
actually spoken up in support of Aisa. Her natural Advanced Mantra would be a great boon,
to us and her. Plus, it would be nice to have an apprentice, of sorts. Alas, then I'd have to
make excuses to keep Medaka from calling in and demanding I come back for her, too.
Back on shore, Laki weathered Aisa's protests unaffected. "Aisa, you are thirteen years old.
Even if you weren't practically my younger sister, I'd still stop you! You are not going and
that's final!"
"But Conis' father is letting her go!" Aisa whined petulantly.
"Conis is twenty-three, and she's packing enough heat for a full squad of warriors." Wyper
drawled in a flat tone. "You, meanwhile, are underage and have little to no experience in
combat."
"ONLY BECAUSE YOU NEVER LET ME DO ANYTHING!" she spat venomously. She
paused in her next outburst, and promptly switched to waving desperately at our ship. "HEY,
I LOVE ADVENTURE AND I WANNA SEE THE SEAS, TOO! CAN I COME WITH
YOU?"
"SUR—GAH!" Luffy was interrupted by half the crew dogpiling him.
"Sorry—ktch—must be a—ktch—ad connection—ktch—try again later!" Cross replied with
a grin, hand to his ear like a phone.
"WE'RE NOT USING SNAILS, YOU BASTARD!"
"Sorry, can't hear you, going through a tunnel!" Cross spun his finger in the air with a
desperate glance at the crew. "Go go go!"
We beat a hasty retreat that didn't quite outdo our dead sprint from the shadows back on the
Blue Sea, but was fast enough. We still heard Aisa's final words to us as we sailed off. "YOU
WON'T STOP ME FOREVER! SOMEDAY, I"LL BECOME ONE OF THE STRAW HAT
PIRATES, I PROMISE IT! I PROMISE!"

As we watched Upper Yard start to shrink in the distance, I just caught sight of someone
standing on the shore. Looking closer, it was definitely Vishanti, and she was waving to us, a
smile on her face. I raised an arm and waved back.
Cross sighed and gave a facepalm. "Well, that tears it. Call me crazy, but even if it takes
months, years maybe, we officially have not seen the last of Aisa."
"THEN YOU'D better be able to fight off THOSE THREE AT ONCE WHEN THAT DAY
COMES!" Soundbite crowed, likely to Aisa herself. If I'm being honest, I'm looking forward
to that day. That kid was a fighter, deep down.
From there, it was more or less a calm journey from the White-White Sea back down to the
White Sea, Pagaya sailing alongside us in order to guide us to the very end. Cloud End, in
particular.
"So, this is the way out, huh?" Nami whistled appreciatively.
"I don't wanna gooo…" Luffy whined, laid out on his special seat, pouting childishly at the
gate due to both our departure and the earlier… how you say, manual veto.
"I know the sentiment all too well, Captain." Boss shook his head with a sigh as he held a fist
before his face. "But truly, to leave behind a paradise as we set out on the path for our next
adventure… while it's not a Man's Romance, no…" He shot his fist in the air. "IT IS
INDEED A STEP TOWARDS OUR NEXT ONE!"
"GO, BOSS, GO!"
"To think we actually sailed in the sky!" Vivi giggled jubilantly as she hugged Carue. "Can
you believe that we actually did all of this?!"
"Bawewy, and da onwy weason I do is becawse I still smeww wike I should be sewved with
owange sauce!" Carue snickered.
"Well, this is it…" Su whistled appreciatively as she eyed the gate.
"I know that I'll miss it…" Conis gazed backward longingly for a moment before clenching
her fists before her chest, her eyes blazing with determination. "But at least I know that it will
make our return one day all the sweeter, right, Su?"
"Right!"
Meanwhile, Pagaya parked his boat on a nearby pier and started running down the Island
Cloud in order to keep up. "I'm sorry to say that this is as far as I can follow you! Thank you
so much for all you've done, and please stay safe no matter what!"
"Goodbye, Father!" Conis waved eagerly at her dad, joyful tears glistening in her eyes. "I'll
miss you, and I'll try and speak on the SBS as often as I can! I'll give Mother your best if I

see her! Take care!"
"I will!" Pagaya confirmed proudly. "Now, hurry up and draw the sails, and hold on tight!
You're in for something of a ride!"
"You heard the man!" Usopp crowed, clambering up the rigging. "Let's get ready, it sounds
like we'll be going real fast!"
Luffy's morose expression promptly vanished as he glanced at our navigator. "Nami?"
Nami smirked as she held up the Log Pose for all to see. "The needle's pointing downwards,
Captain. We have our heading!"
"Alright!" Luffy whooped as he leapt to his feet, pounding his fists eagerly. "That means that
once we get down there, our next adventure begins! Come on! It's time for us to go home!"
He shot a fist into the air. "BACK TO THE BLUE SEAS!"
"YEEEAAAHHH!" We all answered him eagerly. Thus our current saga came to an end. And
our next one would begin very soon.

Chapter 33: King To G-8, Knight Takes Castle
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Pfff…"
…uh-oh. That was Cross. That means shenanigans.
"Oh, no…" Vivi breathed numbly.
Lassoo snorted in a bored manner… then tensed and snapped his head forwards, sniffing at
the air. "Wait a second…"
"They know something we don't!" Chopper deduced in a wail.
Then the Merry tipped over the edge of a slide and started barreling down it, gravity
propelling us at breakneck speeds.
"HANG ONTO YOUR EVERYTHING!" Soundbite hollered.
"Pffffff…"
I started as the memory of what was about to happen came back to me. "Ahhh, shit. I forgot
about this part…" I groaned.
"What's about to happen, Evan?!" Nami demanded, gripping my shoulders. "What's Cross
done now?!"
I wrapped one arm around Nami, using the other one to firmly grip the railing. "If I assure
you that we will not die, which we won't, can you try and enjoy the ride?"
Nami trembled. "I promise nothing."
"Good enough."
"Here it comes, here it comes!" Su repeated eagerly.
"I never dreamed I'd actually be able to experience this for myself!" Conis giggled.
"PFFFFFFF!"
"Conis, Su, dear sweet angels both!" Sanji cried out in a simultaneously heartfelt and
panicked tone of voice. "I beg of you, grace us humble mortals with an
answer! What's coming?!"

Conis blinked as she was drawn out of her euphoria before smiling beatifically at Sanji.
"Why, the drop, of course."
And as if on cue, we hit a curve, and Merry jumped straight into the open air, floating just
before a freefall. Everyone on the crew wore an expression of horror. Well, all except for…
"PFFFFHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAA!!" Cross cackled like a madman.
"BAAAAANZAAAAAAAIIII!!" Soundbite whooped and hollered.
"Wheeeee!" Conis squealed childishly, arms raised as if this were an amusement park ride.
"TSEEHEEHEEHEEHEEEEEE! I FEEL ALIIIIIVE!" Su cackled while spinning in circles
during the freefall.
"HO-HO-OOLY SHIII-HI-HIIIT!!" I half-laughed and exclaimed.
The freefall lasted all of fifteen seconds, then the Octo-balloon shot out and latched on,
slowing us to a casual descent speed. To the relief of most of us.
"PFFHAHAHAHAHA! YOU SHOULD HAVE SEEN YOUR FACES!" Cross laughed
carelessly.
"Now I get why you kept pulling this off two days ago, Cross: it really is fun!" Su cackled,
rolling on the deck.
"I… I have to admit, that was funny." Conis said, giggling behind her hand.
"CROSS, YOU SON OF A—!" Sanji began, only to melt at Conis' continued laughter.
"Huh. HAS ANYONE actually FINISHED THAT?" Soundbite questioned curiously.
"I'm pleased to say that they haven't!" Cross replied cheerfully.
"Well, you may want to apologize before Nami, or anyone else, amends that." I offered, my
hand on our navigator's shoulder as she glowered heavily at Cross.
Cross opened his mouth, then shut it again. "Now that you mention it, I do owe somebody an
apology." he admitted sheepishly. He moved to the front of the ship, and patted the metal
brace of Merry's figurehead. "Sorry for the scare, Merry. I just wanted to have some fun, is
all. Don't worry, we won't let anything like that happen to you on our way to the next island,
no matter what."
A solemn silence reigned over the deck, as everyone wordlessly agreed with Cross from the
bottom of our hearts. The deck even seemed to groan in appreciation.
"You gotta admit, though, that was funny, huh?" Cross grinned impishly.

*KLONK*
"OW!" Cross clutched his skull in agony after a pulley fell and clocked him one.
"Looks like she didn't think so!" Usopp grinned.
"But that admittedly was." Robin chortled.
"PREACH IT, sista!" Soundbite agreed.
"This ship is alive?" Conis and Su asked in unison.
"And that's not even the weirdest part of our crew!" Reiju assured.
"Conis stared blankly for a second, then grinned in a slightly demented manner. "I
am so excited and so terrified!"
"That is most definitely the correct response!" I grinned. I quickly turned to the Captain. "Oh,
Luffy? As fun as it might be, I really need you to avoid climbing and bouncing on the
octopus. That'll just make the air go out faster, and I don't think you want to make Merry hit
the water harder any more than the rest of us."
The disappointment quickly left Luffy's face, and he nodded firmly.
"Good idea." Cross agreed. "Speaking of, Usopp? Without anything bothering the octopus,
we should reach the bottom gently, no problem. Still, if you could use a Jet Dial every so
often to top it off with air, it definitely wouldn't hurt."
Usopp nodded just as firmly as Luffy.
"Right. Well, with that said, there's not much to do but relax and enjoy the view until we
reach the bottom. So, I think I'll take this opportunity to wrap up this part of our story for the
rest of the world." As he said this, Cross pulled out the transceiver. But he paused as we all
heard that beautiful, glorious bell ringing. "Hey, Soundbite? Any chance of you being able to
replicate that?"
The snail, with an expression of utmost solemnity on his face, shook his head. "Not in a
million years." he breathed reverently.
After that, we all scattered to go about our own business. Conis elected to join Cross to help
him with storytime, Reiju went to help Sanji with some new kitchen project or other,
Chopper went to study the Phial and its solution I ended up deciding to give him, with Donny
helping/keeping him from Sparking Out. And so forth.
I decided to get started putting the Skypeia Arc into my own words for the Chronicle.
However, after I had sat down and only gotten a fair bit done, I felt a pair of arms slip around
my neck.

"Keeping busy?" Nami purred in my ear.
I smiled, leaning into her embrace. "Always." I replied. "Not rolling around in your gold for a
reason?"
She shrugged. "Oh, it's nice. Really nice. But soft a metal as it may be, I like how you feel
better." She started rubbing my shoulders. "However, I would like to ensure a fair
comparison. Care to retire to the tent for a while, whilst we wait to descend, Darling?"
I grinned widely. "You know I'm always down. Better take it easy, though. You might be
needed when we reach the surface, can't have you conked out on pleasure."
"Oh, fine." She sighed. "You will be making up the difference tonight. Or the nearest night
we can."
"Yes, sweetheart." I got up, and took Nami's hand. Together, we made our way to the Tent in
storage, and… well, you can guess. Already, things seem to be coming up Straw Hats!

~BtWwG~​

"Okay, I'm willing to admit that as infuriating as it was, not telling us about that drop at
Cloud's End was harmless. On the other hand, NOT TELLING US THAT WE'D LAND IN
FUCKING NAVARONE IS ANYTHING BUT HARMLESS!" Sanji roared over Soundbite's
Crew Line.
"There'd better be a damn good reason why we weren't warned about this." Nami snarled.
"Alright, lay off the third degree, would you?!" Cross demanded indignantly. "Trust me, if
we'd known that this was going to happen, we'd have said something! Mine and Evan's
knowledge is divided into two categories: things that will happen, and things
that may happen. This was firmly in category two, and I expected that the fact that
we didn't belly-flop, and instead floated gently down from top to bottom, would be enough to
ensure we didn't land here. Clearly, I was wrong."
"The best laid plans…" Robin said dryly.

"I know, right?" I added. "What's more, is that this bit is one of the things I don't know as
much about. Cross has the advantage here."
"Ah, I'm sorry for interrupting here, but…" Conis cut in slowly, and very queasily. "Cross,
are you saying that you and Evan have knowledge of the future?!"
"Trust me, sister, you learn not to question the crazy things they say very fast." Raphey
deadpanned.
"It'll all be made clear soon enough, don't worry." Cross absently reassured. "But, But!
Getting back on topic and before anyone gets too pissed off at me, look on the bright side!
There's one massive benefit to the fact that we've landed here."
"Is that so?" Reiju asked skeptically. "Care to enlighten us, Cross?"
"The Marine in charge of this Navy Base, Vice Admiral Jonathan, is a prime candidate for
joining MI4, along with the vast majority -if not all- of the Marines presently in the base."
"...well, that does put everything in a new perspective." Nami admitted in a neutral tone.
"Good to hear!"
On our way down, after Cross and Conis told the tale of Skypeia (edited to tell that the Bell
had been lost, to avoid further conflict), they had been frightened by a call-in warning them
about potential oxygen poisoning, and got some reassurance from Chopper. That was about
the time Cross saw where we were about to land: Navy Base G-8, aka Navarone.
Once he stated it, the crew immediately scattered. Every being for themselves, besides Carue
and Su staying with their respective partners. Everyone had ended up in different parts of the
base; the dugongs were all treading water in the shadows, others in the woods on the outer
ring, others in the base itself. The only ones left aboard Merry were Terry as a lookout, and
Lassoo blending in with the rest of the weapons. The Marines were mainly focused on our
ship, so we were all able to get away fairly easily. Robin, Reiju and I happened to be hiding
out in a thicker copse of trees.
"Ugghh… I don't feel so good…"
And things were going pretty smoothly, aside from that. Our crew's new angel appeared to be
coping poorly to the higher oxygen on the blue sea.
"Soundbite, can you lead me to Conis?" Chopper asked.
"Mmph… head along the SHORELINE -NO, the other way- YEAH, JUST KEEP GOING
THAT WAY. No Marines in your WAY RIGHT NOW, but hurry!" Soundbite replied.
"Got it."
"So, what are we gonna do now, Cross?" Zoro grumbled. "You're the tactician here."

"Well, I won't lie," Cross began. "I only remember a few details about this place. It's an
enclosed base, so the only way to the ocean is using their Sea Gate. And in any case, we
won't be able to leave until the Merry is in a better position for us to either sneak or storm
back on."
"And how long will that take, Cross?" Usopp asked.
"We'll need to hide out until the sun comes up, at least. After that… I can point out a few
places where we can blend in, and Soundbite's eavesdropping should make it easy enough for
the rest of us to steer clear of trouble. In the meantime—"
"WHO ARE YOU CALLING SILLY-LOOKING?!" Terry's voice suddenly bellowed, making
us jump.
"Ow! OW! Alright, I'm sorry—OUCH!" came another voice, probably Jonathan himself.
"YOU SHOULD BE SORRY! ONLY A COMPLETE IDIOT WOULD FAIL TO RECOGNIZE
THE SHEER POWER OF A MEMBER OF THE BEAR GLOVE TRIBE!"
"ALRIGHT—OW—JUST STOP PECKING—AGH!"
"...should we just let Terry chase everyone away?" Nami asked, half-serious.
"Heh, no. As funny as this is, anyone who's attained the rank of Vice Admiral isn't someone to
take lightly; a prerequisite for the position is being able to use Haki." Cross responded. "And
besides that, Jonathan is a master tactician; with how much he knows about us from the SBS,
we're going to have to be very careful not to get—" Suddenly, Cross cut himself off, then
snickered to himself. "On the other hand, that works too. Brace yourselves, everyone, I'm
about to do something stupid."
"Oh, dear…" Robin said, caught between laughing and groaning in dread.
"Care to clue us in, Cross?" Nami asked blandly.
"I'm about to risk my life to check on the loose gold from Nola's stomach, which they've no
doubt already moved off the Merry." Cross deadpanned.
"No further questions, your honor."
"Actually, I have one." I spoke up. "Cross, do your currently-developing plans absolutely
require me, my presence?"
I got the impression of Cross' expression screwing up in confusion before he
answered. "Erhm… I… don't think so. Not at the moment. Why?"
"Eh, I was thinking of portaling off and dealing with some things while I'm still thinking
about it, and while I actually have an island to anchor back to."

"Seriously?!" Nami exclaimed. "Evan, what in the world could you need to do that would
have you bailing on us?"
"How about bringing 'Robin Hood' out of retirement and hitting a handful of Navy Bases
with their guards down?"
"…withdrawn! You go have fun, Darling~!"
Cross sighed good-naturedly. "You know, I was gonna argue, but I'm pretty sure that
endorsement overrides it. Besides that, Nami technically outranks me."
"Meh, so does Evan himself." Nami said. "He's basically co-Second Mate, after all."
"Huh?! Since when?"
"Since I said so. Luffy, that's good with you, right?"
We heard Luffy humming in thought. "Yeah, that's okay!"
I chuckled in amusement. "Well, I appreciate the vote of confidence, anyway." I looked
around to ensure no Marines were patrolling nearby, then waved a hand to summon up my
portal.
"Hey, wait! Care to team up again?" Reiju asked before I stepped in.
I stopped to think about it, then shrugged. "Sorry. My cloak gives me the ability to remain
unseen. You don't have anything like that, and it's crucial to my operations."
She sighed in disappointment. "Fair enough, I suppose. Maybe I can go find Nami and spend
some time with her, instead."
"Sounds like a good idea." I waved to my comrades. "See you all later. Cross, call me when
you're all about to leave so I can get onboard beforehand. Or if you need me before that for
anything."
"You got it. Now, to start dealing with Johnny-boy…"
With no more preamble, I stepped through my portal and onto my Fortress. As I looked over
the central controls, I did a quick status check over the Factory. A good deal of raw materials
have been acquired thus far, and even more were well on the way. I was not ready to start
making any droids for a while, however, since I still needed to wait not just for the right
amount of materials to be collected, but also for the factory to refine them all.
I was thinking of going over and checking out the Autumn II, but I felt drowsiness strike
fairly quickly. It was nighttime back where I just came from after all. Guess I jumped the gun
a little. So I decided that my crime spree could wait for the morning, and retired to the bed I
had set up in this place for just such an occasion.

The next morning, I went to select a new location for the portal, choosing where I already
knew a Navy Base I hadn't hit yet was located. Making sure it would appear somewhere out
of sight, I ensured that No Face May King was up and active, and proceeded through. As I
walked unseen and unimpeded through the base, I found myself slightly disappointed in how
relaxed the place was. Well, relaxed for a base full of Marines, that is. When I did my first
string of robberies, the Navy Bases were on the next best thing to high alert. Now? Yeah, it
seemed the absence of 'Robin Hood' had caused the Marines to let their guard down.
The fools. Muahahaha…
I took my time, waiting for the changing of the guard so that I could raid the vault room
without worry. As I waited around ten minutes or so to make sure nobody was coming, one of
the guards yawned cavernously.
"Seriously, is this even necessary anymore?" Guard Uno groaned. "That Robin Hood guy
hasn't been seen in months."
"We have our orders." Guard Zwei replied resignedly. "He could still show up when we least
expect it. Lulled into a false sense of security and all."
"Yeah, right. Let's face it, the guy stole enough to become a billionaire, then fucked off to
retire in semi-luxurious anonymity. He's probably laughing at us right now, still trying to be
so vigilant."
I proved him right by snickering at him, then began my operation. I stood in front of the two,
and began to chant. "White storm, drifting cloud. Overcome with a peaceful feeling, lay
down your head and rest. Leave silence in my wake. Bakudo #53: Hakufuku (White
Crawl)."
My targets' eyes began to go unfocused, as the illusion of purple cherry blossoms fell around
them. Within seconds, the two collapsed to their knees, blacked out. "All too easy." I
remarked, walking past the pair, pulling out the Skeleton Key. I opened up the door, swinging
in and shutting it again, and re-locking it. I turned round… and beheld my newest bounty of
booty.
"Here comes the mon~ay!" I sang joyfully, opening a portal again. "Here comes the monay.
Money money money money money money money money money; Dollah! Dollah!"

~BtWwG~​

It took the better part of the day, but I ended up clearing out five more Navy Bases (a total of
six) of their bounty funds. All undetected. When they find that out, those bastards are gonna
flip. Their. Shit. That said, I had officially quadrupled my haul by acquiring a grand total of
around 4.4 Billion Beri. If I thought I had 'Fuck You Money' before…
In the end, I had decided to portal over to Pucci for a nice expensive dinner and a local room
for the night.

ping!
You have earned an Item Roll!
Shit, already? This thing's cooldown is getting really inconsistent. Not that I'm complaining,
mind…

1. Doujutsu; Byakugan (Naruto)​
2. Null Void Projector (Ben 10)​
3. Watchtower (DC)​
4. Doujutsu; Sharingan (Naruto)​
5. Eva's Hammer (Wolfenstein)​
6. Relic of Destruction (RWBY)​
7. Quartz Regalia (Final Fantasy)​
8. Hestia Knife (Danmachi)​
9. Power Glove (DC)​
10. Bezel's Charm of Resurrection (Ben 10)​
11. Artemis (Devil May Cry)​
12. Star Ship Ragnarok (Final Fantasy XIV)​
13. Korok Leaf (Legend of Zelda)​
14. Scroll (RWBY)​
15. Elder Wand (Harry Potter)​
16. Heavy Pressure (Akame ga Kiru)​
17. Rassilon Cube (Doctor Who)​
18. Opal of Anglee (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
19. Ice Flower (Mario)​
20. Grey Cowl of Nocturnal (Elder Scrolls)​

Wow. Both the Sharingan and the Byakugan up for grabs? Pretty good shit. I sent my D20

flying, but I landed on a 20.

Grey Cowl of Nocturnal (Elder Scrolls)
Artifact of the Daedric Prince Nocturnal, Mistress of Shadow, this Cowl is attributed
with stealth and secrecy. It was once stolen by the first Grandmaster of the Thieves
Guild, Emer Dareloth. Nocturnal then cursed the cowl so that the wearer would be
erased from history; all who knew them forgetting. Future Grandmaster Count Corvus
Umbranox of Anvil (known as the Gray Fox at the time), in a massive effort to return to
his wife's side, obtained and used an Elder Scroll to help break the curse once and for
all. The cowl has the abilities to render the wearer invisible, see living creatures through
walls, and while wearing it, any crime done is blamed on the 'Gray Fox' persona.​

Eh, not quite my tempo. But it could come in handy somewhere down the line, I'm sure. I
went off to have my extravagant dinner, and to no surprise, Sanji's cooking was still better.
Not that it was bad, per se, just different levels of mastery. However, as I left to go to my nice
rented room for the night, I took notice of a commotion going on in town.
"Hey, did you hear?" one local asked another. "A Celestial Dragon has arrived in town!"
"Are you kidding me?!" the other exclaimed in disbelief. The first shook his head, causing
the second to hang his head. "God help us all. What are they even doing here?"
"From what I hear," spoke up another citizen. "The Noble in question had his ship leave in
such a hurry, that they couldn't supply it soon enough. So they're here to get food for the
return journey, because our gourmet cuisine is 'the best these filthy mongrels can make'."
"Of course…"
…well! I can't exactly let this opportunity pass me by! I swapped No Face May King from
Identity Baffle to Full Erasure, discretely disappeared, and took off to the docks. I saw the
World Noble Vessel, denoted by the flag. I made my way aboard, and after a short search,
found where they kept the slaves.
I took my time, systematically eliminating the guards one by one through stealth, until the
ship was as good as mine. I then went to the slave hold… and found myself fighting my
anger. Each and every person in that room was chained to the floor, a bomb collar around
their necks, dressed all in rags. Their faces plainly displayed despair and hunger. My blood
positively boiled.
"Ladies and Gentlemen!" I announced, garnering everyone's attention. "I'm delighted to
inform you that you are no longer slaves of the Celestial Dickweed who quote-unquote 'owns'

you, by dint of 'Because I Fucking Say So'!" A great deal of their faces were skeptical, but I
could see life and hope blooming in the eyes of several. "Just stand by until I have everyone
freed, then I'll get you all to safety."
I then began putting the Skeleton Key to work, opening shackles and collars in droves. It was
the work of several minutes, but eventually, every single ex-slave was standing free, and the
realization that this was all real had them tearing up and letting out cries of relief.
"Alright, I need you guys to trust me on this next bit." I informed them all. "This is gonna be
really weird. Just don't touch anything where we're going, and it'll be fine." I quickly opened
a portal, and beckoned them to follow me through it. Tentatively, the ex-slaves began coming
through, until I confirmed all of them were on the Fortress, staring around in awe. I
programmed in the place I'd take them to: Alabasta. Nobody would expect it, and the newlyrevolutionary nation would likely welcome them openly. I was still gonna ask permission
first, but…
"Give me a minute, then I'll come get you." I told them as the portal reopened. I went
through, and was met on the other side by a thoroughly surprised King Cobra and entourage.
"Young Evan!" Cobra exclaimed. "You're here, how—? Ah, one of your 'Gacha' artifacts, I
take it. But what brings you here?"
I quickly bowed respectively. "King Cobra, I'm sorry to drop this on you out of nowhere, but
this is the best place I could think of for them to be safe. I have a small crowd of former
slaves of a Celestial Dragon on the other side of that portal. I was hoping you might take
them in and help them out. After all, I'm certain the Revolutionary Army will make contact
with you soon, and can help out themselves."
"Wha—?! Mistel Sidebar—ahem, mah, mah, MAH! Mister Siedler!" Igaram admonished.
"That is an incredible burden to foist upon the King—!"
"I would be glad to accept." Cobra interrupted.
"Your Majesty!"
"These people, wronged by those deplorable World Nobles, need our help. Indeed, I'm
expecting an envoy from the Revolutionaries any day now. We will do all we can to help
them, you have my word." Cobra slightly bowed.
"I appreciate it, Your Majesty. I'll give Vivi your best."
I went back through the portal, and beckoned the ex-slaves through, introducing them to King
Cobra and the others, to their jubilation. I left shortly after, and tuned the portal back to
Pucci. After determining the cuntbag hadn't returned yet, I set to work relieving the ship of all
the money and valuables onboard. Best estimate: I increased my hoard by over six-hundred
million.
Once done, I went to return to town. However, I found myself pausing as a crowd was

gathered, all seemingly frozen in fear. In the center, the Celestial Dragon in question, a man
with green hair in that ridiculous hairdo, with a stereotypical thin-n-curly villain 'stache. He
was attempting to drag away a struggling young woman.
"No, please!" she cried desperately. "I beg you, my lord! Let me go!"
"You can't!" a man I recognized as Mayor Bimine shouted. Making the young woman his
daughter, Marmieta. "Please, don't take my daughter!"
"SILENCE!" the bastard screamed, firing his pistol at the Mayor, though he miraculously
missed. "I am Saint Bavette Pluming! How dare you try to defy me! I am taking this woman
as one of my wives, and anyone who tries to stop me will be executed!"
Most, if not all, of the citizenry stood there in tears, wishing they could do something, but
knew the consequences upon the very island would be far too severe. Hell, even if I did
something, it'd be on a faceless nobody, and Pucci would still be blamed. Then I started in
realization, pulling something out of my cloak in awe.
'Well… I said it would probably be useful later. Guess what? It's later.'
Suddenly, Marmieta managed to break Pluming's grip, but lightly scratched part of his stupid
spacesuit in the process. "How dare you?!" Pluming raged, red in the face. He raised his
pistol, aiming at her. "Perhaps a bullet will teach you to respect your—!"
*SHWIK*
Everyone gathered watched in shock as a man in a grey cowl, wielding a sword stolen from
one of the nearby Knights, lashed out and cut through the Noble's right arm and bubble
helmet, the arm sent flying. Pluming himself did nothing in sheer disbelief, but once the pain
hit, he began screaming. "AHHHHHH! MY ARM! YOU FILTHY MORT—!"
I grabbed him by the face in an iron grip. "Be quiet." I growled, changing my voice to do my
very best Captain Price impression.
"Release Saint Pluming immediately!" one of his aides demanded, they and the guards
aiming guns at me.
"You do realize that if you shoot me, you'll probably end up hitting your boss, right?" I asked.
This caused them all to falter.
"You fucking mongrel…!" Pluming spoke around my hand. "How dare you?! I'm one of the
holy rulers of this world! Who in the hell do you think you are?!"
I chuckled. "Me? I'm nobody of importance. A traveler, a passerby. Someone who sees the
evils perpetuated by those who run this world, and thinks, 'No more.' Who am I?" I brought
Pluming's face close to my own. "I'm the Gray Fox, you inbred fuck!" I tossed the fucker in
the air, then leapt up after him, and hit him with a silent Ikkotsu to send him flying all the
way into his own ship. As I landed, the entourage re-aimed the guns at me. "Way I see it, you

have two choices: waste your time trying to take me down, and let your boss die of his
injuries, or go help your boss, and let me escape off this island. Up to you."
As the sycophants all understandably hesitated, I took off running. After a minute, I could
confirm that most had taken off to their ship, but one was following me to try and track me.
Not close enough to see me, though. I led the fucker on a merry chase to a beach, then used
No Face May King to vanish entirely. While I stood by invisibly, I removed the Gray Cowl,
and observed the idiot trying and failing to locate the Gray Fox. After about ten minutes, he
got a call on a snail telling him that the vessel was shoving off to return to the holy land, and
he'd better hurry if he didn't wanna get left behind. Once I was sure the vessel was leaving, I
went and returned to my hotel room, ignoring the relieved and gossiping locals and tourists,
chatting animatedly about 'The Gray Fox'.

~BtWwG~​

I woke around dawn, and got myself situated for the day. Just as I thought I may as well
check in on my crew, my satellite phone rang, and I picked it up. "Hey, Siedler here."
"Evan, it's time." Cross spoke. "We're just about on our way out, so you might wanna get
your ass in gear, wherever you are."
"Gotcha. See you guys soon." I hung up, and immediately opened a portal back to the
Fortress, retargeted the thing, and opened a new one on Navarone. When I came through, I
weighed the decision to go and screw with Commander Jonathan before I leave.
Probably not the best idea, considering he's been dealing with my crew, and Cross in
particular. It wasn't hard to find the Merry, it was nearly to the sea gate, and was being
surrounded by Navy Warships.
I propelled myself through the air, and dropped onto the deck, putting my hood down. "Hey,
guys!" I greeted with a wave. "I'm back, did I miss anything?"
"Plenty." Cross replied dryly.
"Welcome back, Evan." Nami hugged me quickly. "How'd you make out?"
"Like a bandit, sweetheart. Like a guddamn bandit.

"Niiice."
Suddenly, an amplified voice brought our attention to the top of G-8, where Jonathan himself
stared down at us. "Jeremiah Cross, Straw Hat Luffy, and the rest of the Straw Hat
Pirates." he began, his voice angry, yet triumphant. "You have fought valiantly to escape
from Navarone, bringing the forces of G-8 to its knees in the process. You've shown
resourcefulness, cunning, and sheer power, and overcome every obstacle that we set in
your path. You've proven that my challenging you was a grave mistake.
"But this is where it ends. Your time has run out, and for the crime of piracy as well as the
severe damage you have inflicted on this base, I will personally arrest every last one of you,
and you will face Justice in Marineford."
"Damn, you really pissed him off, huh?" I remarked with a grin. "Y'all better tell me
everything once we're out."
Cross stared up at the Vice Admiral wordlessly for a bit, then glanced at Luffy. Our Captain
nodded, and Cross turned to Soundbite. "Gastro-Amp." he said, smirking wide. The typical
audio-whine precluded his voice projecting throughout the entire base.
"Vice Admiral Jonathan, you have proved to be a most worthy foe. You've pushed us to the
brink, hit us with genius move after genius move… but the fact is that you just can't win. By
my count, we still have one minute left, and that's all the time that we need. See, this whole
time, we've been playing you. We've made you focus on all the damage we've caused so that
you haven't had a chance to grasp the bigger picture. We've kept you off-kilter so that you
couldn't take in all the facts, and question the exact 'whys' of our moves. And most
importantly… you've been paying attention to me more than anyone else, rather than the one
who actually had the power to get us out of here. And that's the last weak point I have to
point out. Remember well the reason you lost this game, because Eneru and many others
have learned it the hard way before you, and one day… one day the world will learn this
lesson and never, ever forget it: that no matter how smart, how strong, or how resourceful
you are… no one can defeat a D."
Cross, grinning like the Cheshire Cat, turned to Luffy and held up two fingers and a third
folded one. "Captain… tear down this wall."
Luffy blinked in confusion for a second, then grinned like a loon and nodded firmly.
"RIGHT!" With that, he took a deep breath and bit his thumb. "BONE… BALLOON!"
Luffy's arm then began to inflate.
"G-8's a beautiful base, Jonathan, truly a wonder." Cross smirked, turning and pointing at the
Vice Admiral. "And her Fangs are the most impressive part of all."
"GEAR TWO-POINT-FIVE!" Luffy called, his massive arm now shadowing the Merry. He
then shot it back, winding up for the next attack.
Cross' grin was now truly feral. "What say we wrench her jaw open so that she can show us

those pearly whites?" You could just about make out the sight of Jonathan paling in
realization.
"GUM-GUM… GIANT PISTOL!!" Luffy's fist shot forward, and the sea gate was smashed
into oblivion.
The effect was instantaneous. The base's waters began rushing out to sea like sinkwater down
the drain, carrying our relatively small ship with them. Navarone's battleships weren't so
lucky, both their size and distance from the gate meaning they had no chance to sail out
before, with a symphony of crunch, Navarone's Fangs ripped into their keels, permanently
crippling them.
By the time Jonathan managed to recover from the shock, we'd already left the base's walls,
and all the cannons capable of firing on us seemed to be conveniently disabled. Imagine that.
All the ships stationed outside the base were caught unawares by the utter tidal wave that had
emerged, even capsizing one warship outright. The others were too busy avoiding the same
fate to stop us as we dropped sails and made for the open ocean.
Then, of course, we had to grab onto Luffy as the drawback of his Gear Third precursor
technique kicked in, keeping him from flying away from the air pressure leaving his mouth.
Once he deflated completely, Cross was left holding two-and-a-half feet of giggling rubbery
badass.
"What the…?" Chopper wondered.
"Drawback from the technique, he'll be back to normal in a few minutes." Cross explained.
Then he poked Luffy and whispered something to him.
Our shrunken Captain grinned and spread his arms wide. "Marines of G-8!" he bellowed in a
high-pitched voice as Soundbite began belting out… oh, for fucks sake. "You will always
remember this day, as the day you almost caught Monkey D. Luffy and the Straw Hat
Pirates!" He glanced at Cross eagerly. "Did I say it right?"
"That…" Cross sniffed, wiping away a tear. "Was beautiful."
"It would have been a lot better if he wasn't talking like that, though." Zoro deadpanned.
"Eh, take it or leave it."
"I'll sure as hell take it! Bah-hahaha!" I added mirthfully.
Within minutes, G-8 was starting to shrink in the distance. "...Well done, Straw Hat Pirates.
You beat me at my own game." Jonathan stated, his voice firm and actually respectful.
"DON'T BOTHER replying. He just WENT OUT OF MY RANGE." Soundbite declared.
"Well, now that that's done, we don't need our fail-safe anymore." Then suddenly, and
without warning, Cross went over to Luffy and put his hand into his pants before

withdrawing the deflated octo-balloon. "Thanks for all your help! Enjoy life down here on
the Blue Seas! Oh, and if you can, try finding your way to the Octopus Shogunate. Tell
Octavio we sent you, he's a friend!"
With that, he dropped the octopus overboard, and turned back to the rest of us, who stared at
him in silence with a myriad of emotions over our faces. The silence lasted until Isaiah
clapped his wings together. "Right, that's it. We're out."
"Huh?" went several voices.
"AGREED! WE'RE GOING BACK TO THE BASE! THIS PLACE IS TOO INSANE FOR
MY POWEEEEER!" Terry declared, already preparing to fly off.
"Wait just a minute!" Cross said sharply, getting the birds' attention. "This actually makes
things easier. Can you wait long enough for me to write Jonathan a letter so you can deliver it
to him? It's extremely important."
I sighed. "You forgot to leave a connection to MI4 to Jonathan, huh?"
"Yeah, yeah, so I got caught up in all the madness, shut up."
The birds posed like folding their arms, but nodded in agreement. A few minutes later, Cross
was about to hand off the letter to Isaiah, then jerked it back with a grave stare. "This is for
the sake of changing the world into something better. Watch Jonathan like hawks until he
decides to call this number. I've told him to teach you two how to write so you can
communicate without Soundbite. The password is Old Spice, but Jonathan won't know that,
he won't even know that there is a password. Keep it that way unless he seems sincere. Can I
trust you two to take care of it?"
"We shall consider it our final order as members of this crew, and treat it with the respect that
it deserves." Isaiah replied with a bow.
"THANK YOU FOR LETTING US SAIL WITH YOU!" Terry bellowed as he flexed his
wings Superman-style. "GOODBYE!" And with that, our two avian friends flapped their
wings and took to the sky, flying back towards Navarone.
We watched them go for a few minutes until we got back into the usual routines. As in, Nami
began barking orders to get to work, and most of us hopped to it. Except Cross, who tried to
sneak off to the kitchen. He got permission to call Tashigi and warn her about Jonathan, and
so managed to bail out on the chore-work.
Meanwhile, the others got me caught up on what I missed. Cross went and got Jonathan to
reveal that, even though he was known as a favorite student of Akainu, he
didn't actually subscribe to his brand of Absolute Justice. Making him an excellent candidate
for the splinter cell. The next day, Luffy and Sanji infiltrated the kitchens, where Sanji
impressed the hell out of Jessica; Nami failed to infiltrate as Bellmere (because apparently
Jonathan knew her, surprise), and Robin and Reiju succeeded to infiltrate as Major Shepherd
and escort. Chopper helped Conis get over her oxygen drunkenness, and helped out Doctor

Kobato; Usopp's talking with Mekao about Merry got him on our side; Vivi briefly got the
VIP treatment from the local grunts before volunteering to get arrested to stage a prison
break…
In the end, the crew brought maximum chaos, got all the gold back, looted all the seastone
they could, and sabotaged everything from the cannons to the plumbing. And most
of that was just on their way out today!
"Anyway, what about you, Evan?" Reiju asked curiously. "What did you get up to while you
were away?"
"Well… suffice to say, while I didn't actually do it all at the same time, the papers are gonna
be abuzz about 'The Phantom Thief' hitting six Navy Bases for their money at once!"
"Heh, great. Now you're even richer, aren't you?" Zoro rolled his eyes.
"You got that right, brokey." I smirked, making the mosshead grumble.
Robin hummed. "Something tells me you didn't spend your whole time just robbing the Navy,
though."
I rubbed the back of my head. "Yeah, once I was done, I portaled to Pucci last night to see if
the gourmet food there was all it was cracked up to be."
"Wha— without me?" Nami whined.
"Eh, don't be too disappointed." I waved off. "It was good, sure, but Sanji's cooking is still
better." Sanji himself grinned at the compliment. "There was a bit of an… issue that cropped
up afterward."
Nami narrowed her eyes at me. "What kind of an issue?"
I held a finger up. "First, I'd like to preface this by showing you my latest artifact, to ensure
nobody panics." I dug around in my cloak, and pulled out the article in question. "This is the
Grey Cowl of Nocturnal. Its main ability is that it makes whoever wears it takes on the
persona of a figure known as the Grey Fox. So that is who will take the blame for what I did,
not me."
"What. Did you do?"
"Well… I was minding my own business—"
"Bullshit~!" Vivi sang.
"I waaas! Ahem, anyway, a Celestial Dragon ship showed up cause their ship needed a food
resupply. So, I stealthily raided the ship, taking all the valuables… after freeing all the slaves.
Sent them via portal to Alabasta, your father sends his love, by the way."

"Aww, that's great!" Vivi smiled.
"But wait, what was the problematic part, then?" Reiju pondered.
"The problematic part came when I returned to town, and the bastard was trying to snatch up
the mayor's daughter to take home. So I, as the Grey Fox, lopped off his arm, and sent him
flying back to his ship. Made it look like the Grey Fox made a daring escape, so now I'm
hoping Pucci will avoid any blowback."
The crew all wore expressions composed of mixed emotions. Then Vivi spoke up again with
a question. "How did it feel?"
I grinned savagely. "Oh, it felt sooo good."
She promptly matched it. "Well, that's good enough for me!"
Nami sighed. "As long as we don't experience the blowback from this, I suppose so."
By then, everyone had completed all the necessary work, and of course that's when Cross
emerged from the lounge, sans snail, done with whatever he needed to do. "The work is all
done now." Nami scolded. "You'll be pulling double duty the next time a storm blows in. And
where's Soundbite?"
"Think a little harder about the past 24 hours or so." he replied.
Nami frowned more deeply before a look of understanding entered her eyes, and she sighed.
"Alright, fair enough. Let's just hope—" She snapped her mouth shut and shook her head
fiercely. "Nope, not saying it, not giving the universe that kind of an opening."
*SPLASHHH* "GROOOAAAR!"
A burst of water heralded a Sea King appearing and towering over the Merry. "It would
appear that the universe doesn't give a flying fuck. Goodie!" Cross grinned eagerly.
"LESS SNARKING, MORE GETTING US THE HELL OUT OF HERE, YOU DAMN
JUNKIE!"
"RIGHT AWAY, NAMI-SWAN!"
"Kiss-ass."
"GO FALL OVERBOARD, MOSSHEAD!"
"YOU FIRST, SWIRLYBROW!"
"FIGHT THE SEA KING, NOT EACH OTHER!"
"Ohh, target practice! AND A TEST SUBJECT TO BOOT!"

"Arf arf—ARF?!"
"Sorry, everyone, Soundbite burned himself out with everything that happened in Navarone.
It'll be a while before you can talk again. In the meantime, Chopper can translate if
necessary."
"The skull bone's connected to the spinal column, the spinal column's connected to
the EVERYTHING…"
"Nevermind…"
"Somebody hit him before he starts experimenting on us next!"
I wouldn't worry, Usopp; I'm sure he won't experiment on us."
"R-Really, Robin?"
"Of course. Considering the size of that Sea King, I estimate it will take him several hours to
exhaust the sheer amount of resources it can offer him."
"THAT'S NOT REASSURING!"
"SHISHISHI!" Luffy laughed eagerly. "IT'S GOOD TO BE BACK!"
"You're guddamned right, Captain!" I agreed wholeheartedly. "BAH-HAHAHAHAA!"

Chapter End Notes

Yeah, so I had to come up with something, since there were no real changes required for
G-8, given Cross' plans went off with only a scant few hiccups. Thus, Evan needed
something else to do, and figured I'd bring back an old classic from the beginning. The
World Noble was an unexpected speedbump, though. Next time on BtWwG, the Davy
Back Fight, probably. See y'all later.
LLaP

Chapter 34: What Does The Foxy Say
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Some time later, and the trials of Navarone were all but behind us. Well, behind the rest of
the crew, really, but semantics. Despite the typical noise onboard, it took a little while to get
used to the absence of the Old Spice Birds. Fortunately (depending on how you defined it),
we had plenty of other things to occupy us over the next couple of weeks of our journey.
Including some filler bullshit involving a memory-stealing wannabe-Millenial Dragon
seahorse who caused an amnesia episode. That wasn't fun. More mundanely, we had Sanji
freaking out over Conis deciding that she preferred Cross' clothes over others. Truly a
tomboy at heart.
Then there was the 'Magical Girl Inferno Aniki' Incident. I think we'd all sooner
forget that bullshit. The only thing worth remembering is that right afterward I got a new roll.

1. Valkyrie (Avatar)​
2. Lionel (Akame ga Kiru)​
3. TIE Interceptor (Star Wars)​
4. Hook & Darling (RWBY)​
5. Video Shield (Percy Jackson)​
6. Scroll (RWBY)​
7. Robe of the Sage (God of Highschool)​
8. Pig Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
9. Edens Zero (Eden Zero)​
10. Tupsimati (Final Fantasy XIV)​
11. Sha Naqba Imuru (Nasuverse)​
12. Alpha Rune (Ben 10)​
13. Porsche 911 II (930) (Cyberpunk 2077)​
14. Monkey Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
15. Eye of Horus (Eden Zero)​
16. Bezel's Charm of Telekinesis (Ben 10)​
17. Dragon Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
18. Gaea Foundation (Akame ga Kiru)​
19. Rubicante (Akame ga Kiru)​
20. Creation Magic (Final Fantasy XIV)​

My first roll result gave me a 6, which was a Scroll from RWBY. Not all that useful, so I
rolled again and got 17.

Dragon Talisman (Jackie Chan Adventures)
One of the Twelve Talismans of Shendu. The Dragon Talisman grants the wielder the
power of combustion, allowing them to shoot powerful fire blasts capable of great
destruction. These blasts can be fired directly from the talisman itself, or as a breath
attack.​

…you know what? I'll take it. With any luck, it may even help everyone forget the atrocity
we just witnessed. "Hey, guys!" I called out. "Who wants to breathe frickin' fire?!" The Kiddy
trio were particularly interested, to no surprise.
On another note, I made a startling, yet very welcome discovery. My Shroud of Eden
was not dead! The burned edge of it was no longer blackened, but pulsing with a golden
glow. On close inspection, it seems to be self-repairing. But it looks to be rather slow, so who
knows when this thing will be ready for use again. I'm just happy it's not gone forever.
Something else I got a hoot at was when two new bounty posters turned up with a News
delivery, and gave me a laughing fit.
"Hey, Evan, what's got you in such a state?" Reiju asked curiously.
"Oh, nothing much…" I spoke, calming myself. "Just that, technically, I now have the highest
bounty on the crew!"
"What?! No way!" Luffy protested, swinging over to me. "Even I remember, your bounty and
mine are both One-Hundred Million! We're even!"
"Technically, not anymore." I smirked while holding up a poster, one with a hooded man with
his face shrouded in shadow. "'The Phantom Thief' Robin Hood: Wanted for ฿300,000,000."
Zoro rolled his eyes. "So that means you're worth ฿400,000,000 total now. Great."
"Nooot quite." I grinned, holding up the other. Showing a man with a grey-hued mask with
blue runic marks. "The Grey Fox: Wanted for ฿400,000,000. Both are me, so I'm worth a
whopping Eight-Hundred Million Beri."
"No way!" Luffy denied, crossing his arms. "The posters don't have your real name on them,
so they don't count! I refuse!"
I grinned even harder. "I refuse your refusal!" I retorted gleefully.

"Pfffhahahahahaaa!" Cross guffawed. "Damn, someone actually got to use that against you!
I'm just sorry it wasn't me! Pfffhahahaha!"
"Oh, come on!" Luffy raged. "That's not fair!"
This entertaining back-and-forth tirade continued for the better part of an hour. And it
was hilarious.
On a more important note, I finally got Cross to agree on my personal SBS segment…

~BtWwG~​

"Well, Ladies and Gentlemen…" Cross announced on the SBS. "With that, I believe it's time
for the newest segment to our little show here. But I won't be the one presenting it. Allow me
to reintroduce my friend and crewmate, our Chronicler 'Butcher Blade' Seidler D. Evan!"
"Greetings, all." I began. "I'm Evan, you know me, you love me, some may even hate me!
Regardless, this next segment came about because unlike most, my pirate status makes the
prospect of writing incredible fiction stories and getting them published and read all over the
world is supremely difficult. Then I remembered, there's a new medium for which almost the
entire world would hear my tales. Thus the debut of 'Stories with Seidler'.
"I think we should begin, appropriately, with the tale of another pirate. One who sailed seas
on a world more mundane than ours in some ways, yet more weird in others. This is the
Tale… of Captain Jack Sparrow."
"Ooohhh, good choice!" Cross approved.
"I thought so. Now, interestingly, Jack is the son of Captain Teague, Keeper of the Pirate's
Code, a prominent figure in the Brethren Court, a pseudo-authority among the pirates of that
world… for all there can be, anyway. This didn't afford him any advantage, mind. He built
himself up on his own merits… as it were. One of which being the defeat of infamous
Spanish pirate-hunter Captain Armando Salazar.
"El Matador Del Mar… The Salamander… he was called many names. He hated pirates with
a passion, having lost his grandfather and father to them. So he vowed to end their plague

once and for all, destroying dozens of ships in his campaign. Were he a Marine, he'd make
that jackass Akainu positively proud. Bastard would probably adopt Salazar, and Salazar
would happily accept! But I digress. One day, his ship, the Silent Mary, encountered a pirate
fleet who tried to make a last ditch attempt to put the Spaniard down. However, in spite of
their superior numbers, the pirates failed.
"All but one ship was in ruins. Aboard that last ship, the Captain was down, leaving Jack in
charge. He climbed to the crows nest, ensuring the jolly roger flew proudly and taunted
Salazar into following their ship that tried escaping through the smoke. Some say that's how
he got his name. That he looked like some kinda bird up in that crow's nest, earning himself
the name 'Jack the Sparrow'. But who really knows." I shrugged.
"What matters is, he succeeded in taunting Salazar, who had his ship give chase, even though
the pirates' heading took them towards the Devil's Triangle, a mysterious area surrounded by
gigantic reefs and shrouded in eternal darkness. Not unlike the Florian, in that regard, but
smaller, and far more cursed. However, at the last moment, as the pirates' vessel approached
the entrance, they roped around a portside reef, and caused the ship to veer left around it,
sending them back the way they came.
"The Silent Mary, however, had no chance to turn whatsoever, and were forced to sail straight
ahead, to their doom. They ran into rocks, the impact setting off their gunpowder storage,
engulfing the ship and killing the crew. Thus ending the life of Armando Salazar… or so it
seemed.
"And that's just the beginning of Jack's tumultuous life. He later became the Captain of his
own vessel, named the Wicked Wench, a merchant vessel for the East Empire Trading
Company, owned by Senior Officer Cutler Beckett and given to Jack as he decided to pursue
a legitimate career as a merchantman. It was so for a year, running several voyages on behalf
of the EITC. Until one day, when Beckett ordered Jack to transport a cargo… of slaves. Jack
initially agreed, succumbing to the pressure Beckett put on him. However, after embarking
with them, Jack rebelled and liberated the slaves, setting them free on an illusion-hidden
island called Kerma."
"People ain't cargo, mate." Soundbite spoke in Jack's voice.
"Damn right. Still, furious at being disobeyed, Beckett sent ships and men to hunt down Jack
and the Wicked Wench, with orders for the ship to be set ablaze and sunk to punish Jack. He
tried to save his ship from the flames, but instead was trapped, and sank with the ship.
Normally, this would be the end of most sailors, but a bargain was struck… with the
fearsome, cursed captain Davy Jones.
"Jones raised his beloved ship from the depths, and gave him thirteen more years as captain.
In exchange, Jack would surrender his immortal soul and spend one-hundred years in service
aboard his cursed ship, the Flying Dutchman. Due to the now blackened look, Jack now rechristened his beloved ship The Black Pearl. Now a renowned pirate vessel, and threat of the
Caribbean Sea, Jack would embark on many adventures with the Pearl…"

~BtWwG~​

And so it went. We sailed on and on, enjoying a number of misadventures and escapades,
each daring and unique in their own right. It was all incredible. Then suddenly, and without
warning, one day, we ended up surrounded by a trio of massive, literal sea monkeys. I wasn't
sure what exactly what it meant, until I saw Cross, frowning grimly and hiding a sidelong
glance at Robin. "Here we go…" he muttered.
Oh, Right. Long Ring Long Island. It's time.
Later, as we approached the land itself, I found myself as worried as Cross was. Not over
Foxy and his ilk, we could deal with whatever they dealt us, surely. No, I was more worried
about… what was coming after. How we dealt with Aokiji… even with our improvements
over canon, I'm not sure we can take him…
Either way, despite this arc being canonical, this is one I mostly skipped, kinda like how
some idiots skipped Skypeia. This means I was mostly gonna be taking a backseat to the
events here, helping if I could, but overall following Cross' lead, since he actually knew what
was going on.
So it was, we made our way onto land, and Cross and Soundbite ended up coming across the
stuck-on-stilts Tonjit, and reunited him with his old horse companion, Shelly. Almost
immediately after, Cross managed to stop Foxy, Porsche and Hamburg's plans to shoot Shelly
in order to provoke us into the Davy Back Fight.
Ooor so I thought. Because once Foxy challenged him, all Luffy asked was confirmation of a
Captain's Duel before accepting. Evidently, due to Cross' insistence that he 'use his brain
more', Luffy had been trying to remember more of the stuff he'd heard about the Grand Line
from both Garp and Shanks and Co. Thus, he knew all about the Davy Back Fight already.
We went back to the Merry to explain to everyone else, and sadly, in spite of my attempts to
calm her, Nami still raged at Luffy, in the form of a miniature Cat-5 Typhoon she whipped up
on the coast of the Island. From scratch. I was very impressed… and just a little scared.
Either way, we arranged and planned so that we'd have a much better chance during the first
two events, then went and got ready for things to proceed. Cross went and got the SBS
running, with the Foxy Pirates' MC, Itomimizu, joining his broadcast.

First up was the Donut Race, teams of three from each crew given barrels and other
construction materials to use in building a boat. Each team then using their boat to make one
lap around the island, first to the finish wins. Nami was an obvious non-negotiable, but she
was also joined by Raphey and Conis to back her up. The Foxys put together the team of
Porche, Capote (a billfish fishman), and Monda the Star Shark pulling their boat. Just before
proceedings got underway, Whitebeard himself called in, giving the world a brief summary
on the importance of the Davy Back Fight. I guess he would know, given his own history…
As the Donut Race began, Soundbite kept the Foxy Pirates' ambush squad from hearing the
starting pistol, leaving our crew to dogpile the shit out of them. Raphey severed Monda's
harness, but couldn't stop the shark further due to Capote dragging her into a battle in the
surf. Conis followed up by using her Burn Bazooka like a rocket-powered boat engine to
propel the 'Barrel Tigress' into the race. Porche was on the ball, however, and used a chainlinked bit to get Monda towing the 'Cutie Wagon' again. The creature showed exactly why his
species were called Star Sharks, he was like a shooting star in the water, keeping pace with
Conis' makeshift outboard-thruster.
The first major obstacles of the race, the Long Coral Reef and the Long Ring Whirlpool,
were of no true consequence with my lover on the job. She navigated the reef with ease, and
made use of a charged-up Impact Dial to jump the whirlpool completely. Good thing she still
has the Ox Talisman, otherwise she may have injured herself with the recoil.
Sadly, the Cutie Wagon was catching up, due to a chum-filled muzzle pushing Monda into a
feeding frenzy for a boost of speed. At the same time, Foxy astride Hamburg (who
was impressively keeping pace) attempted to use his Slow Slow Fruit powers to interfere,
only for Cross to make him slip up. To get that worked up over the whole split-head
thing… honestly…
It was Porche, however, who would cause the Barrel Tigress to lose ground… ocean…
whatever, by clogging the Bazooka's exhaust with her Flower Shuriken. Not that it lasted
long, as Conis rammed the Bazooka against the hull to dislodge them and keep the race neckand-neck, allowing for Nami to go into a melee with Porche. Credit to the blue-haired
woman, she was keeping up even with Nami's talisman-given strength.
Unfortunately, while Nami was able to reflect Foxy's next attempt at Slow-Slowing the Barrel
Tigress, his beams worked on the water as well, which held up our boat long enough to let the
Foxy Pirates team claim the victory.
Now, according to Cross, Chopper and/or Robin were supposed to be taken in the event of a
loss. However, Foxy surprised us all by selecting Cross as the crewmate prize! In hindsight,
with all he's done so far with his words alone, that should have been obvious. Honestly, I'm a
little surprised he didn't claim me, the only crewmate to match the Captain's bounty.
Thankfully, due to technicalities, only Cross went over to the Foxy side of the Force, as
Soundbite and Lassoo were counted as crew for us. Thus during the two-hour intermission,
Cross was taken to get a bunk and a variant of the signature Foxy Pirates mask to wear.
Meanwhile, we began plotting as to how we acquire our get-back on the Foxys. Nami used
her tried and true infiltration skills to get into the library of the Sexy Foxy (their ship) and

acquire the '7th Edition Official Davy Back Fight Rule Book' for Vivi to go over. Once she
was done, we had our plan.
Well, I did go ahead and make a change to it. Once the second round was about to begin, an
intense windstorm (courtesy of my sweetheart) buffeted the entire field, followed by a
massive pink fog (courtesy of Chopper's newest creation, the Cherry Blossom Haze) and the
roaring of the wind (courtesy of Soundbite).
This is where, in the first draft of the plan, our Groggy Ring Team of Zoro, Sanji and Boss
were to render the Foxys' "Groggy Monsters" into the next best thing to living ground beef. I,
however, replaced that with myself to make our crew just that little bit less suspicious. The
instant that the Groggy Monsters were out of sight and inaudible, I rushed in and hit all three
with Bakudo #53: Hakufuku at full power. Unlike the guards at the Navy Bases I hit, who
woke back up fairly quickly and assumed they just dozed off out of sheer boredom, these
three were gonna be under for more than long enough to render them unable to compete.
Thus, after the smokescreen abated, a brief debate followed over the state of the Foxys' team,
and whodunnit. In the end, it was for nothing, as according to the rules, with all three Groggy
Monsters down, the match was automatically forfeited. With that, we took Cross back and the
Foxys were effectively back at square one for crew acquisition.
Our crew returned to the Merry for a meeting, and Cross praised us for pulling off a cheat
that was head-and-shoulders above the one he had ready. Following that, he tried to give us
his idea for who we choose as the 'prize' for winning the Captain's Fight and why. Emphasis
on 'tried', as the crew basically dogpiled him right after, so convinced that he'd been put
through some manner of MK-Ultra or the like. They began putting him through a gauntlet of
anti-brainwashing, imposter trials, forced detoxification, etc.
Throughout most of it, I kept trying to get the others to back off and let him actually explain,
only to get brushed off and/or ignored time and time again. About 1.5 hours in, and I hit the
end of my patience, frustratedly unleashing my reiatsu to pin everyone to the deck for around
ten seconds, and let Cross actually tell us his plan. It was about what I expected, and the
others were rightfully apologetic. Though not apologetic enough, really.
Once the allotted intermission time was up, we all gathered in the stands while Usopp helped
Luffy prep for his match, and Sanji was taking care of something for Cross. Speaking of
whom, Cross re-started the SBS to catch everyone up on what they missed when it got cut off
just before the end of the Donut Race, and get ready to broadcast Luffy and Foxy's Captain's
Duel.
Now, while I didn't much watch most of the arc this came from, I do remember that Luffy
decided to wear an afro for some reason. It seems that with help from our Commies, Luffy
put on a ridiculous entrance, all to the tune of Bruno Mars' Uptown Funk, while also
inspiring a wave of FUNK in many present. Sadly, Nami disapproved, and thus Boss with an
afro was manually vetoed. Unfortunate…
Then the match finally commenced. And boy howdy, did it. Luffy had his natural resilience
and tenacity, but Foxy, in spite of appearances, was no slouch either. His powers, coupled

with his cunning and ingenuity, made him a difficult opponent. I shudder in fear of what a
more competent user would do with the Slow-Slow Fruit. Between Slowing Luffy and hitting
him with morningstar gloves via his Nine-Tailed Rush, or tricking him into Slowed
projectile minefields or trapdoors and such, Foxy was… mostly holding his own.
He still wilted whenever Cross called him split-head. He even tried to (poorly) disguise
himself as a woman to trick Luffy, only to accidentally out himself. Foxy is a hoot, I'll give
him that!
Then, of course, the hilarity had to come to an end when Foxy pulled out his trump card, the
Gorilla Puncher #13, a mecha with many punch arms and… a gorilla head for some reason.
Foxy tagged Luffy with a Slow-Slow Beam, then barraged him with the mecha's flaming
steel fists. For a moment, it seemed that finished the fight, but Luffy got back up. Then Foxy
got him with his Slow-Slow Sword technique, followed by a Megaton Nine-Tailed Rush.
Only for Luffy to get up again. Foxy, in frustration, repeated his assault once again.
It was… intense! Incredible! If this was anything like how their canon fight went, I seriously
missed out! Naturally, even though it looked bad for a few minutes… Luffy. Got. Back. Up.
Foxy pulled out a cannonball-speed punch, followed by the cannonball itself, and still got
back up. Then, a final clash, Luffy's Gum-Gum Gatling colliding with Foxy's Megaton
Nine-Tailed Rush! Like everyone else, I was cheering for Luffy. Hell, I think even some of
Foxy's crew were too!
At last, the deciding moment came about. When Foxy tried to Slow-Slow Beam Luffy again,
it caught on a piece of a mirror that Luffy broke earlier, caught in his afro, and reflected it
back at the Silver Fox. One last attack from Luffy, and fifteen seconds later, the Slow-Slowed
captain was finally finished.

~BtWwG~​

One long period of resuscitation, medical treatment, and well-employed shipwrighting skills
later, the Foxy Pirates were slowly packing up the Davy Back Fight Festival, our crew
observing and treating our own. As the last punch sent Foxy into the drink, Itomimizu had
Chunchun (Super Sparrow mount) dive in to save him, taking Cross and Soundbite with
them. Thankfully, Transponder snails are hardy as hell, so seawater wasn't as life-threatening
to him as pure salt would be.

As Foxy was getting impatient, Chopper rammed a syringe of… I'm just gonna say wake-up
juice… into Luffy's chest, causing him to spring awake.
"Whoo! Better than smelling salts!" Luffy roared, opening his eyes. "Ah! Wait, this isn't
Makino's room!"
… uh… okayyy?
"So many questions." Cross noted. "And absolutely none are in any way relevant to the issue
at hand." He jabbed a thumb at the Foxys' gathered crew. "You won, Captain, so now we
need to pick one of these mooks to add to our crew."
"Oh, that's easy." Luffy said. "I choose…!"
The Foxy Pirates collectively sucked in a breath, awaiting the verdict that would change one
of their lives forever…
"Hold it!" Usopp called out, causing them all to simultaneously facefault.
"ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME RIGHT NOW?!" Foxy demanded.
"Just wait a second! Usopp shot back before giving Luffy a hesitant look. "Luffy, Cross,
Evan, I just want you guys to know that I trust you with my life, really, but…" He spread his
arms helplessly. "This is just insane, even by our standards! Are you really sure that you guys
want to do this?"
Luffy looked pensive for a moment, but then grinned. "Don't worry, Usopp, it'll be fine! If
they try anything, we can fight them off! Right?"
"...and there's his deadly charisma again." Usopp grumbled.
"Besides," Cross added. "Unless you've missed it, I've been on something of a hot streak. A
few hiccups, sure, but come on. Don't you trust me?"
The sniper gave him a flat look. "You, I have much less confidence in."
Cross returned the look. "Well, fuck you too." he sighed wearily. "Alright, enough chit-chat,
let's get this over with. Captain, if you will?"
"Right!" Luffy nodded, before pointing into the crowd. Or rather, the front of it. "Foxy!"
For a few seconds, the entirety of the Foxy Pirates froze. Then they erupted in indignant and
desperate responses.
"CAPTAIN, NO!" / "THIS CAN'T BE HAPPENING!"
"CROSS YOU VINDICTIVE BASTARD!" Porche shrieked, this close to snapping her
baton.

"This isn't funny, this isn't funny, this isn't funny…" Hamburg muttered.
Foxy simply stood by silently for a moment, then slowly approached Luffy with a look of
resignation that was slowly turning to peace. "I suppose that if I'm following a captain who
can speak to Whitebeard without so much as a flinch, I can't exactly complain." Then he
bowed to his new captain. "Let it never be said that I do not respect the code of the Davy
Back Fight. I hereby swear my loyalty to the Straw Hat Pirates."
"Perfect." Cross clasped his hands eagerly. "Now, follow us onto the Merry. We have a lot to
talk abou—"
"A-AS ACTING CAPTAIN OF THE FOXY PIRATES!" A voice shrieked out.
All attention snapped over to the gathered Foxy Pirates, where Porche's head was bowed as
her chest heaved, shivers racking her entire body, before she looked up again, rage and
determination flooding her face as she jabbed a finger at Luffy. "I HEREBY CHALLENGE
THE STRAW HAT PIRATES TO A ONE-COIN DAVY BACK FIGHT! W-WE HAVE
MORE TO OFFER, IT'S PLAIN TO SEE THAT YOU NEED A SHIPWRIGHT FOR THAT
BOAT OF YOURS! IT'S ON ITS LAST LEGS, SO IF YOU DON'T WANT IT TO SING,
YOU HAD… better…"
Porche trailed off, finding twenty-one murderous glares trained on her. And just like that, her
determination faded, and she fell on her knees and began to sob. "W-Who am I kidding? We
can't beat them… we'll never get our Boss back…"
"Hey now, let's not jump to conclusions here." Cross spoke up, shifting attention to him. "I
mean, maybe you will and maybe you won't. The situation is… complicated, to say the least."
Foxy narrowed his eyes. "If this is all a ploy for you to 'steal' me only to kick me off the crew,
so help me—!"
"No no, nothing like that." Cross swiftly assured, pointing at the Merry. "Just… come with
us. Bring Porche and…" Cross considered Foxy's massive underling for a moment. "On
second thought, leave Hamburg. We need someone to keep the peace anyways. Meanwhile,
we'll be joined by Luffy, Nami, Evan, Zoro, Vivi—"
"So, essentially, the brains behind the crew plus one?" Robin hummed innocently.
"Nice way of putting… it…" Cross glanced back at her. "There's some sort of insult in that
question, isn't there?"
Robin just chuckled, and Cross huffed before turning around and beginning to march towards
the Merry, grabbing Soundbite on the way. "Anyway, while we're doing business, everyone
else will keep the peace here until we get back. Now…" He shot a vicious grin at Porche as
he went by her. "Shall we go?"

~BtWwG~​

A few minutes later saw the nine of us in Merry's lounge, seated or standing. We first
endeavored to have Foxy use his powers to slow Luffy in order to see how he can consume a
food cart, cart included, in the blink of an eye. However, when he tried, it didn't work as,
according to a note left by B.R.O.B., he got Kronos to snatch up that moment in time, to keep
us from all dying of melted brains. We decided to never speak of it again.
"Alright, putting that behind us, let's get down to brass tacks." Cross declared. "Foxy, I'll be
blunt: before we showed up here, neither I nor any of my crewmates would have chosen you
or anyone else from your crew to add to ours unless there was absolutely no choice, and even
then we'd have probably just dismissed you straightaway. But I spent most of my brief period
as your subordinate in your ship's library, reading your log book."
Both Foxy and Porche now seemed much more alert, as they watched Cross pacing with a
grim smile upon his face. "Quite an interesting story it told, too. Once upon a time, the Foxy
Pirates were just a lowly, average pirate crew from the South Blue. They raided merchant
ships, attacked small coastal towns -never doing any actual grievous harm, mind you!" He
snapped a finger up as several of our crew glared bloody murder at our guests. "They only
ever looted and pillaged. Not an excuse, but at least they were better than most."
This assuaged the anger of our crew… mostly.
"At any rate, that's the way their story went for a good while." Cross stopped pacing and gave
Foxy a look. "Until that day." Foy looked away uncomfortably, obviously recognizing what
he meant. "That fateful day, when you attacked a cargo ship in spite of the Navy Battleship
escorting them. Obviously, as indicated by their continued existence, the Foxy's won, but for
some reason, the events of that day cut off shortly after the ships' sighting. The next entry it
has is the crew burning water for Reverse Mountain to enter the Grand Line, as though all
Seven Warlords were at their heels."
"And ever since then, well…" Cross spread his arms to indicate the room. "We just lived it.
It's been all Davy Back Fights, all the time. Sometimes the crew has flights of fancy with
people too appealing to pass up, but for the most part, it's the best of the best, and no-one and
nothing less. The crew has just kept growing since they entered the Grand Line, growing
stronger and larger, and yet!" He stabbed a finger into the air. "Counterintuitively, not
seeming to have any interest in making a name for yourself beyond what you already have.

Hell, even all of the gold and assets that you do manage to get your hands on just go straight
to replenishing your supplies, and that to no more than the bare minimum necessary for
survival -or at least what you consider bare minimum, with all that carnival food- or materials
to expand your ship and weaponry."
Cross folded his arms smugly. "Do you know what that says to me? Do you know what
conclusion I drew from that information, that made me risk and endure a very grievous ordeal
to convince my crew that we should recruit you?"
Foxy stared at Cross, the arrogant and ego-driven blowhard gone, all that remained was the
kind of cold and calculated mind it would take to master the Slow-Slow Fruit into a weapon
of destruction. "What do you think happened that day, Jeremiah Cross?" he asked slowly.
Cross zipped right over and slammed his palms onto the table, leaning in to look him in the
eye. "I think that you found something that day." he hissed. "A logbook, maneuvering orders,
a shipping manifesto, only you and your original crewmates know for certain, and quite
frankly, the specifics are irrelevant. What matters is the conclusion that said information led
you to. You got your hands on a tiny puzzle piece that day that you used to view the
much larger picture."
"And… what would this larger picture be, Cross?" Vivi asked hesitantly.
Without breaking his gaze with Foxy, Cross answered. "That the Navy is gearing up for war."
"Ahh…" I uttered, finally understanding. The rest of the crew looked like someone threw icewater on them. Except Luffy, of course, the oblivious oaf.
"Let me try and explain, Luffy." I spoke up. "It's like this: Roger's final act didn't inspire
pirates alone to take to the Grand Line… he inspired everyone. Everyone with even a little
power in every one of the Blues. And those who listened packed up, gathered their strength,
and flooded into the Grand Line. You get weaklings like Krieg or Bellamy, sure, but that call
also draws in people like Crocodile, or Zoro, or Ace, or you. People with potential. Roger's
last words drew every wanderer, prodigy, and powerhouse in the world to one
ocean, is drawing them in to this day. As it is, the Grand Line is a veritable powderkeg of
barely restrained power. When it blows, it is going to, probably literally, rock the world to its
very core."
Luffy seemed to get the picture, if his awestruck expression was any indication. Also the fact
that he didn't call it 'mystery something'.
Cross smirked and nodded. "Well said. It's true, Foxy. Ever since the Great Pirate Era began,
people have been winding up and up and up, preparing and tensing and waiting… waiting for
the true storm Roger set in motion before he died, to strike. And ever since you found out,
you've been doing the only thing you can: accumulating power and waiting for the day when
it's time to batten down the hatches, nice and hard. You've been building a power base so that
when the storm hits, you'll be able to survive with the power you've stockpiled." Cross leaned
in with a conspiratorial grin. "And that's something that you and I have in common."

Foxy and Porche both stiffened in shock. "Wait, what?" the ex-captain blurted out.
"We found out about the storm too, Foxy." I announced. "The two of us have been ramping
us up just as much. Cross prompted 'Black Bart' Bartolomeo to enter the Grand Line, and his
borderline worship of Luffy makes him a staunch ally. He also inspired the Kung-Fu
Dugongs of Alabasta to form the Great Kung-Fu Fleet, and established high-ranking contacts
within the Marines. I ensured the clash of armies Crocodile tried to bring about didn't happen,
so Alabasta's population hasn't nosedived. I also have several plans in motion elsewhere that
will flip the world like a Beri coin, including the construction of a special army. Oh! Cross
has also been actively ingratiating our crew with the people of the world to earn the people's
favor and rip up the foundations of the Government. He's even sown a seed with Dragon
himself."
"Too right." Cross agreed. "And now?" He jabbed a finger in Foxy's chest. "Now you,
hopefully the crowning achievement of my career as the Straw Hat Pirates' PR Officer thus
far."
Foxy stared at Cross for a second, then suddenly, and without warning, Porche grabbed his
collar and spun him around to face her carefully controlled expression. "What are you
proposing?" she asked slowly.
Cross blinked, then nodded in understanding. "I see, so you're the 'face' of the operation in all
aspects. Well alright, then. May I sit?" She released him, and he took a seat. "Okay, here's
what I propose: dissolve the Foxy Pirates and then reform them under Foxy again, only this
time as a subordina—"
"Cross."
The Commie winced at Luffy's tone. "Subdivision, reform as a subdivision of the Straw Hat
Pirates. Kinda like how Whitebeard runs his crew?" He looked to Luffy for approval, and
after a minute of hard thinking, the Captain nodded in acceptance.
Porche frowned thoughtfully. "So you want us for our muscle…"
"Incorrect." Cross denied, arms in an X. I want to incorporate your efforts into our own by
making Foxy the Commander of the Straw Hat Pirates; Recruitment Division. You'd keep
doing what you've been doing these past few years, albeit with a few restrictions, only now
you'll be doing it with a bigger group of allies supporting you… nooot that anyone besides
said group will know that. We'll paint you a slightly different Jolly Roger; you'll know that it
signifies your alliance, but the rest of the world will think that it's proof of our victory against
you, and we allowed you to sail again, only flying a flag that proclaimed your greatest loss."
Porche exchanged looks with Foxy before turning back to Cross. "You mentioned
restrictions?"
"Rule the first," Cross held up a finger. "No more targeting innocent bystanders to goad
people into accepting your challenge. That shit you tried to pull with Shelly
was unacceptable. If you want to taunt and goad, that's fine and dandy. But if they're the kind

of people you need to aim at civilians to piss them off, then I want you to extend an open
hand, not a closed one with brass knuckles, got it?"
Porche shot a glare over her shoulder. "Told you that was a stupid plan." Foxy ground his
teeth for a second, but reluctantly nodded.
"Rule the second," Cross continued. "Incorporate a Slaughter Rule. If you get over… say,
one-half of a crew or so, so many that the other crew can no longer operate, then the rest are
allowed to join as well, no questions asked. No more crew-raiding and leaving the rest to rot,
and if you need to start constructing a full-blown fleet to support them all, so be it."
The pair winced in unison. "That'll slaughter our budget…" Porsche muttered to herself.
"Get a new one or find some alternative income." Cross stated bluntly. "Anyway, rule the
third folds in with the second: no more snatching flags without redrawing them if they have
them on their sails. I don't care how happy the ex-Fanged Frogs are now or how dickish their
leftovers were, their blood is on your hands, and if you get any more, we won't be happy. And
as we've no doubt already displayed… you won't like us when we're anything but happy."
Porche grimaced and exchanged glances with her former captain. Then she looked back at us.
"And what happens if I say no?"
"Then that will be when we dismiss Foxy from our crew." Vivi stated.
Both of our guests gave quizzical looks, and Foxy spoke up. "So, let me get this stright. If
Porche declines, you let me go, and I get to take command of my crew again. If Porche
accepts, I take command of my crew again, but I stay under your restrictions from now on.
Either way, nothing really changes?"
"Weeell, there is one difference." Nami said, smiling in a way that put the two on guard as
she moved to a corner of the room. "Usopp is the best artist on the crew, he's the one who
drew our flag and sail. If you accept, we'll have him draw your new Jolly Roger. Otherwise,
we'll leave it to Luffy." She grinned like the cat who got the canary, unfolding and displaying
the black cloth she'd retrieved. "Here, we saved Luffy's attempt at drawing our Jolly Roger
for future reference. Take a look."
Porche took one look at the flag, and instantly looked like death warmed over. "...this
is blackmail."
"DID YOU FORGET THE PIRATE GAME we played not ten minutes ago?"
Porche grimaced more, but Foxy… started to laugh.
"Fehfehfeh… FEHFEHFEHFEHFEH! I've spent years upon years honing my skills, and not
only do you beat me at my own game three times in a row, but you offer me the ultimate
support to advance my goals!" he cackled before pointing at Luffy. "You, sir, are a softhearted moron, and you—" He pointed at Cross. "Are a smug, smart-ass son of a bitch, but I
must acknowledge that I'd have to be a fool to pass up a chance like this and risk having you

as my enemies down the line. Porche?" Foxy turned his attention to the diva.
"Yes, Bo—er…"
"No, that's the right title. As of this moment, you're conceding command of the Foxy Pirates
to me and we're sailing under the flag of the Straw Hats. Incognito, but still." He cocked his
head slightly. "Do you have a problem with that?"
She snapped into a salute without hesitation, goofy grin on her lips. "Not a one, boss!"
"Welcome to the crew, missy." I spoke up, shaking Porche's hand. "Might I suggest you take
Luffy and go break the news to your crew? Best to quell any unrest and he can provide some
muscle if needed."
Porche grinned and began sauntering over to Luffy. "Well then, Captain—" she began in a
sultry voice.
"Don't bother." I interrupted. "I'm fairly certain Luffy may be asexual."
"Damn, I just can't catch a break today." Porche grumbled, snapping away from Luffy and
marching out the door, the Captain blinking in confusion.
"Uhh… did I do something wrong?"
"SO MANY ANSWERS, so little time." Soundbite sighed wistfully.
"Just go and guarantee the Foxy Pirates don't revolt." Cross rolled his eyes, before pausing
and giving him a worried look. "To confirm, you're alright with this?"
Luffy blinked in honest confusion. "Well sure, why not? This is all pretty much your thing,
and it's not doing anything other than getting us more crewmates, which isn't bad. So I don't
see a problem. What about you guys?"
"All I see is a Captain who's making way too much sense." Zoro sighed heavily.
"As long as they keep to the conditions we've set, the benefits should outweigh the costs."
Vivi shrugged.
"More allies is always a good thing." I nodded eagerly.
"Hmm… well, as a subdivision, surely you'll be willing to give some monetary support to—"
Nami began with a grin at Foxy.
"That," he interrupted firmly. "Is Porche's department. As captain, I have the authority to
change it, but she's the treasurer. In any case, don't expect too much; you have less than two
dozen mouths to feed, only half of which need clothing, while I have more than five-hundred
crewmates to feed and clothe, and counting!"

"Oh, trust me, I'll take that into consideration." Nami said firmly, which seemed to mollify
Foxy. That firmness then faded into a borderline lewd grin. "Buuut, a small portion of a large
fortune is a large portion for us! Excuse me, I have negotiating—"
"Just a minute, Sweetheart." I forestalled her, making her pause. "We might wanna wait for
Cross to inform our other allies."
Cross nodded, then dug out the transceiver. As Luffy went out to follow Porche, Soundbite
began to dial. We got a response within two rings.
"Pisces. / Cancer." came the distorted but recognizable voices.
"Ophiuchus." Cross calmly stated his codename. "I'm calling in regard to the proposal that
Capricorn provided, with another proposed pirate crew to serve as ideal allies."
"Don't tell me, let me guess." Cancer drawled. "You somehow managed to convince that fox to
join you?"
"Had to convince the rest of the crew first." I noted. "Took a while for me to get their
attention to advocate for him, too." The others sheepishly looked away.
"At any rate, yes." Cross continued with a smirk. "As far as the rest of the world will know,
Luffy chose his Jolly Roger as his prize for winning the Captain's Duel, and we gave him a
slightly new one as a symbol of our victory, so he has every reason to hate us. The truth?
Luffy picked Foxy as his crewmate, and after some bargaining, he's agreed to become head of
our Recruitment Division, with the rest of his old crew joining wholesale. As such, he'll keep
on going with the Davy Back Fights, and he'll be gathering many allies that would ordinarily
never consider joining us. He's here now, actually, so why don't you two introduce
yourselves?"
"...I suppose we shouldn't even bother arguing, otherwise you'd just pull the 'I've never been
wrong yet' card, wouldn't you?"
"Hey, believe me, I wouldn't have planned this before I learned all of the details; even I didn't
know everything." Cross defended. "But what I've seen in the past few hours is enough to tell
me that he's got a lot more potential than I thought. He's part of our crew now, he'll keep our
secrets."
Cancer was silent for a moment before sighing. "Fine. Soundbite, drop it. Foxy the Silver
Fox?"
"Yes?" Foxy answered cautiously.
"I am Commodore 'White Hunter' Smoker, codename Cancer, cofounder of the Marine Corps
splinter cell MI4."
"And I'm Ensign Tashigi, codename Pisces, Commodore Smoker's second, and another
cofounder of MI4."

"I am Ophiuchus, informant of MI4, an organization composed purely of Marines who have
decided to act on the injustice that the Corps provides." Cross explained to a thunderstruck
Foxy. "The other two leaders are going under the codenames Capricorn and Scorpio. Our
goal is to destroy the World Government from the ground up to ensure that injustice dies."
"Capricorn recently came to the conclusion that we could benefit from employing
unconventional allies, and I informed Cross of it." Tashigi continued. "So, it looks like you're
our first one, Foxy the Silver Fox. Welcome aboard."
I cleared my throat pointedly. "Be aware that if you rat out anyone involved and/or
compromise this operation, we will put you through such shit that'll make Impel Down look
like San Faldo. Get it?"
Foxy gaped for nearly a minute, then shook himself and nodded. "You inspired a group of
Marines to form their own version of the Revolutionaries. Well, if it wasn't official before, it
sure as hell is now: I made the right choice allying with your crew, if only because I'd rather
be at your back than under your feet." He gave Cross a searching look. "So… does this
change what I'm expected to do at all?"
"Passive duties, not active, don't worry." Cross replied. "Your job will also be to gauge any
Marines you come across, and pass the recommendations on to either us or Tashigi, whether
for recruitment or court-martialing." Cross then snapped his fingers. "Also, if you cross paths
with the Kung-Fu Fleet or Barto Club, tell 'em the truth about what happened, you can trust
them."
Foxy nodded solemnly. "Fair enough. So…" He grinned childishly. "Do I get a codename as
well?"
"Hmph… a good idea, but I think we should limit the Western Zodiac codenames to Marines,
apart from Cross. Ophiuchus is considered an unofficial member, anyway."
"Ah… may I suggest using the Eastern Zodiac instead?" Foxy offered. "The Snake would be
fitting, yes?"
"Mmm… nah, I think Goat suits you better." Cross grinned.
"WHAT?"
"Well, to be fair, you're not a reptile." Vivi pointed out.
"BUT-BUT-BUT—!"
"Oh, and tell Capricorn to offer 'Rooster to Barto when she gets the chance." Cross
suggested.
"He's certainly LOUD ENOUGH!" Soundbite chortled.

"I-I-WHY NOT—?"
"You're an expert at underhanded tricks, not a master." Reiju grinned. "Train more, then we
can talk."
"YOU-BUT-I-BUT—!"
"Foxy?" Tashigi spoke. "Friendly recommendation from someone who's had way too much
firsthand experience with the Straw Hats: quit while you're ahead and try to salvage what
little sanity you have left."
Foxy grit his teeth, then sighed in defeat. "... So be it. Goat would have been my second
choice, I suppose."
"Alright, that aside, anything else you want to talk to us about, Handbag?"
Dead silence and stares met the remark. I facepalmed hard. "Tashigi… no. I don't care how
much you wanna get back at Cross for his remarks. Just… no."
"Go to your room, Tashigi. You know what you did wrong." Soundbite said, halfway
between disgusted and grinning like a loon.
"Wha—? But—!"
"You heard the snail, Ensign." Smoker growled, with a hint of a smirk.
"B-B-But I—! …Y-Yes, Commodore." Tashigi sighed, followed by footfalls and the sound of a
door.
"...Is it always like this?" Foxy asked nobody in particular.
"Welcome to the Straw Hats!" Cross grinned, slinging an arm over his shoulder. "And yes, it
is too late to get out. Good luck!" Foxy could only whimper in response.

~BtWwG~​

Thankfully, the rest of the Foxy Pirates accepted the deal with relative ease. Thus, after an
exchange of numbers, all we needed to do was give our newfound allies a new Jolly Roger to
sail under. The new skull resembled Su's head, with the signature Straw Hat attached to the
scalp by a chain. We also wrote out Foxy's name on the sail, after he pleaded. More or less
satisfied, the Foxy Pirates released the Merry and departed, their well-repaired ship cresting
the horizon.
I was in the same boat as Zoro, Nami, Cross and Robin, all tense as hell for what was
coming. Regardless, we still began to return to Tonjit's house, where he offered us 'Victory
Cheese'. There was no way in hell I was touching that old shit. While most of the crew was
distracted, Robin got my attention, and gestured for me to follow her, leading me over to
where Cross was walking.
"Cross?" she spoke.
"Yes, Robin?" Cross asked quietly.
She silently walked beside us for a moment before giving us each a subtle glance. "I've asked
you this before, though Evan was absent then. I'd like a more precise answer this time: what
do you know about Ohara?"
I shared a look with Cross, as we mulled it over wordlessly. In the end, Cross managed to
speak up first. "About its history and everyday life? Not much. But we saw everything that
happened the day it was destroyed…" He paused, then continued hesitantly. "...and some of
the events leading up to it, too."
Robin stopped walking, and we did too. She stared for a few seconds. "...How did I not see it
before?" she breathed. "I should have realized it in Skypeia, when you both told me that the
majority of your knowledge is centered around this crew and their lives. You know so much
about Ohara because you know about my past." Her eyes seemed to sharpen. "You knew even
back on Whisky Peak. The war, the Poneglyph, Crocodile's betrayal… you both saw it all
coming. You knew that I would become a Straw Hat Pirate."
"...Yeah." Cross confirmed with a sigh, walking forward again, Robin and I keeping pace.
"But the question is this Robin: have you become one? We've been waiting all this time for
you to finally accept us as your crew, your nakama, and…" he smiled happily. "You're… a lot
more accepting at this point then I ever thought you'd be."
"I think we can both agree, we're more than willing to tell you the secret behind our
knowledge…" I added, putting a hand on her shoulder. "...if you're ready to finally trust
us. All of us." Cross nodded in agreement.
Robin wore a conflicted expression. She looked around at the rest of our crew, human and
otherwise, and though she flinched as her gaze met Vivi, for the most part, she seemed to be
convincing herself. She looked back at us, then the crew, and opened her mouth.
But all that came out was a horrified gasp as she froze up in shock and fell to the ground; at
about the same time, my reikaku triggered, sending a shiver up my spine as I sensed

someone powerful. Cross and I snapped our gazes ahead to the threat, and unconsciously
moved in front of Robin in unison, Lasso growling threateningly beside us.
Everyone else was immediately on guard, seeing Robin so shaken up, and Vivi and Carue's
panicked expressions did little to help. The tall, dark-skinned and dark-haired man clad in
white and blue standing in front of Tonjit's house removed his sleeping mask and looked
around at us.
"My, my…" Admiral Aokiji spoke casually. "The infamous Jeremiah Cross and Soundbite.
And 'Butcher Blade' Evan to boot. You've certainly managed to make some troublesome
friends, Nico Robin."

Chapter End Notes

So yeah, there wasn't much to change for this fight, and I had no way to plausibly get
Evan to leave, as this was an important crew event. Thus, I summarized it. Also...
CobaltTiem said: "Kinda curious how the Davey Back Fight will go, will it be the time
for Evan to break out the Nemian Cestus for Luffy to use for the boxing match?"
If I'd remembered that when I wrote this... it would've been. But, dumbass that I am, I
DIDN'T. *strikes self with lamp repeatedly* BAD DOBBY, BAD DOBBY!!
Anyway, I have a chapter or two at the ready, so I should be posting one next friday. See
ya!

Chapter 35: The Blue Pheasant
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

This… this is exactly what we've been dreading. The appearance of the Icy Admiral. I've
been readying myself for when he'd appear, but I still wasn't prepared. Dammit, why couldn't
he be just a few minutes slower?! For Robin's sake, if nothing else.
"Robin, what's wrong? Do you know this guy?" Luffy demanded.
"We've met once before." Aokiji stated lazily.
"To terrify Robin like this…" Nami breathed, eyes darting between the two. "Darling, who is
this guy?"
I breathed in and out slowly, to keep calm. "In this world, there exists what is called the
Three Great Powers, consisting of the three strongest military powers in the world. One is the
Yonko, another is the Seven Warlords… the third is that of Navy Headquarters. He's one of
them, as one of the Navy's Three Admirals. Admiral 'Aokiji' Kuzan."
This set off the crew into an immediate panic.
"A-Admiral?!" Usopp cried incredulously. "What the hell is someone like that doing here?!
Shouldn't he be chasing down some pirate with a Billion-Beri bounty or something?!" Then
he stiffened, and looked towards Cross. Ah shit, did they finally decide—?
"Don't worry, don't worry. He doesn't have a bounty yet." Aokiji interjected, casually waving
a hand. "Not for lack of desire, mind you. The World Government is still trying to properly
define his crimes, that's all. Nobody's really done what he has before. Also, we don't have a
picture yet."
"So, you're not here on anyone's orders?" Cross asked tentatively.
Aokiji shrugged. "Nah, I'm just out for a walk. No need to panic."
"Oh, well, that's good, then!" Care to join us for some 'cheese'?" This caused a mass facefault to the crew, though I settled merely for a facepalm.
"Y-Y-You can all relax, I think." Vivi stuttered. "I-I-In my experience, Aokiji does seem to be
the…tamest of the Admirals."
"Ah, Your Highness." Aokiji nodded at her, his eyes traveling to her chest. "Looking sexy.
Are you free tonight?"
Sanji and Vivi made sounds resembling geese being strangled underwater, the Simp King

making a visible effort to not attack.
"Gross! You must be like three times her age!" Su shuddered in disgust.
"Well, he's got good taste, if nothing else." I remarked.
"This guy's really an Admiral?!" Usopp hissed incredulously.
"Yes." Vivi, Carue, Cross and I all spoke as one. Vivi grimaced before continuing. "Though I
don't recall him being so… perverse last time I met him."
Aokiji shrugged. "You didn't have a body then, and I got older. Anyway, no need for you
guys to panic. Like I said, I'm just out on a walk. You guys are… uh…" He scratched the side
of his head, then shrugged indifferently. "Eh, forget it."
"YOU'RE NOT MAKING ANY SENSE!"
"I always uphold the motto of 'Lazy Justice'." he replied.
"WE NOTICED!"
"Anyway… don't mind me, my legs are tired from standing." Aokiji said, moving to lay on
his side.
"Is this guy really one of the strongest humanity has to offer?" Leo wondered.
"Lemme put it this way…" Cross began, jabbing a thumb over his shoulder. "If he wanted us
dead, we'd be corpses a quarter-mile thataway."
"Bull-shit." I denied, shaking my head. "Don't underestimate him, he'd have sunk us several
miles off the coast, easy."
"Ah." Cross' expression fell, as the rest of the crew gave looks of shock. "Yeah, that… that
sounds about right. Miiight've blocked that out."
"This guy is that strong?" Conis whimpered fearfully.
Cross and I shared a brief look. "We… might be underselling him a bit." he replied.
"Yeah, well, don't worry about it." Aokiji sighed lazily, scratching his side. "I just decided to
wander a bit to gather intel on two things: the whereabouts of Nico Robin, and gauging the
kind of person a rabble-rouser like Jeremiah Cross is."
"Wow, way to make a guy feel special, Admiral." Cross smiled grimly.
The Admiral ignored that, focusing on Robin instead. "Nico Robin, I'm honestly kind of
surprised. I expected to find Jeremiah here, obviously. But you? You've always made it a
point to remain incognito whenever possible. Despite that, you seem to be staying with a

pirate crew that's become the most well-known in the world."
Robin stared back, unmoving. After a few seconds of silence, Aokiji shrugged. "Well, I'm not
questioning your choice. But that does mean I'll have to let HQ know. That way the crew's
bounty total can be… what's the word? Right, recalculated. That'd be 100 million, plus
another hundred, plus 60 million, plus 55 million, plus 79 million. That makes… uhhh…"
"394 Million total." I finished helpfully.
Aokiji snapped a finger-gun at me. "That's it. Thanks."
"What do you want with Robin and Cross?" Luffy asked, anger in his tone.
"He-Hey, Luffy, there's no need to get worked up!" Usopp spoke hastily. "He just said he's
here on a walk!"
"He's right, do not pick a fight with an Admiral! You can't win a fight against someone like
him!" Vivi added, sounding more desperate than Usopp, somehow.
"Like I said, I'm not planning on doing anything." Aokiji said blandly, with but a hint of
reproach. "Anyway, I overheard something while I was napping. You…" He pointed at
Tonjit. "I wasn't sleeping that deeply, so I heard what you said. Pack up and get ready to
move."
"Hey, don't listen to him!" Luffy said hastily. He's—!"
"The good guy, you moron." Cross deadpanned.
"--the good guy, you moron, you shouldn't—wait, what?" Luffy stopped, looking back. Then
his eyes lit up, fist pounding into his palm. "Oh, right! Pirates are the bad guys, and the Navy
is the good guys. Sometimes I forget! Shishishi!"
"So much for him being smarter." Usopp muttered to Vivi, who massaged her temples with
an exasperated groan.
"And how exactly do you plan to do that, huh?" Boss asked, eyeing Aokiji suspiciously. He
gestured toward the coastline. "I've been in those waters, swam out a bit. The currents are—"
"Yo, Boss?" I called out, getting his attention. "Devil Fruit powers. That's how. A Devil Fruit
more than strong enough to cross the gap."
From there, most of our meeting with the Admiral went about as expected. Tonjit got to
packing, the uninjured Shelly promised to get him where they needed to fast, and a mostly
uneventful walk to the coast, away from the Merry. Luffy even seemed to warm up to Aokiji,
a bit.
"So, what are you gonna do?" he asked. "You can't swim if you have a Devil Fruit, so are you
gonna fly them across? That'd be so cool!"

"Heh." Aokiji smirked somewhat bitterly. "Sorry, Straw Hat, but the only power I know that
could carry this much through the air is the Float-Float Fruit, and the pirate who ate that
hasn't been active since Roger's execution. Just watch… and stay back for a minute, please."
We all complied, watching quietly as Aokiji dipped a hand into the water. Then suddenly, and
without warning, a massive yellow-hued Sea King burst from the ocean, proceeding to rush
towards the Admiral.
"O-OH NO! IT'S THE SEA KING THAT LORDS OVER THESE WATERS!" Tonjit cried
fearfully.
"I-It's going to eat him!" Conis yelped, going for her Burn Bazooka.
"Shit!" Leo cursed in agreement, preparing to unsheath both blades, his fellow students
following suit.
"Wait!" / "Hold it."
Conis gave her companion an incredulous look, the fox tightly clinging to her shoulder with
her fur at maximum fluff. The TDWS obediently, albeit nervously, unhanded their weapons.
"Don't bother." Boss huffed grimly, exhaling smoke. "You're already too late."
Aokiji glanced up at the aquatic megafauna with cold disdain.
"I gotcha." I nodded. "Mou… shindeiru."
"Ice… Age."
And with that, it was over in an instant.
A positively massive swath of ocean was now a thick sheet of ice, the sea King frozen solid
with it. But it felt deeper than that. Like the whole world had frozen with them. The ground,
the breeze, our very heartbeats… it almost made me fear that his powers were potentially
able to contend with that of Bobby Drake.
Almost.
The silence was finally broken when the frosted-over Admiral stood up with a
loud *CRACK*
"H-Holy crap…" Lasso whimpered.
"S-Su, how did you—?" Conis stammered out.
"You know that 'animal instinct' thing where we know when a storm is about to hit and all
that?" Su shivered fearfully, cringing away from Aokiji. "Kinda firing on all cylinders at the

moment."
"Yeah, that's the last time I underestimate someone who acts weird." Donny squeaked.
"Good, you'll live longer." Boss stated grimly, his 'knuckles' white around his rope dart at his
side.
"And there are two others just like him?!" Nami uttered, horrified.
"Worse than." I corrected. "There are two others worse than him."
Cross nodded in agreement. "Yeah, at least Aokiji has some respect for people's lives."
Nami paled in response, unlike most of the crew, who were all smiles as they followed down
after Tonjit to see him off. Zoro was the only one who stayed in earshot. "So, any advice for
when he inevitably attacks?"
"Just one thing: protect Robin."
As the farewell to Tonjit wrapped up as he vanished into the distance and Luffy finally felt
the cold, Cross casually moved by Sanji and Reiju, passing on the word. Eventually, we
returned to dry land, and Aokiji sank into a sitting position with a world-weary sigh. Luffy's
head tilted in confusion, and his right and left hands shared a look of understanding.
"What's wrong?" Luffy asked curiously.
"How should I say this… you and your grandfather are very much alike, Monkey D.
Luffy…" Aokiji said tiredly, making the rubberman stiffen. "You're both wild souls, neither
willing to let anyone tell you what to do… open-minded or absent-minded, I wonder…?"
"Y-You know my G-Grandpa?!" Luffy whimpered fearfully, looking nearly ready to bolt.
"How could he not know him, Luffy?" Cross asked dryly. "Hell, he probably trained him."
Aokiji shrugged in response. "'Training' might be overstating things a bit… but the old man
did show me a thing or two, I guess." He absentmindedly shook out his knuckles. Yeah, right,
aside from Koby now, Kuzan is the next best thing to a student Garp had. That was clear
from the scene that may eventually happen on Hachinosu.
"But to continue my earlier thought, as bad as Straw Hat is, you're making him even worse,"
the Admiral slowly turned his gaze to our Commie. "Mister Jeremiah Cross. Maybe I should
just kill you all here and now. The World Government sees you as the greatest threat, Mister
Cross, but analysis of official reports and your SBS has shown that your whole crew is a
determined, dangerous lot. Half your number may be animals, but your crew size is nothing
to scoff at. One day, you'll surely become an acute threat. From the time Straw Hat received
his first bounty up till now, your growth has been extraordinary. And though for the most
part, you've only preyed on pirates or tyrants unless the situation demanded otherwise, you've
made no secret of the fact that you despise the World Government."

"Look around, bub." I replied, gesturing about. "I'm sure you can see plenty of evidence that
shows you exactly why."
"W-Wait just a minute!" Usopp stammered. "Wh-Why are you saying all this?! You said you
were just out for a walk!"
"Believe me, when it comes to him and Kizaru, that only means they don't feel like killing
you at that moment." Cross spoke, shifting on his feet uncomfortably. "Ten seconds later?
Whole different story."
"And if Cross' impossibly comprehensive knowledge isn't enough, your crew is now
especially dangerous because of you, Nico Robin." Aokiji continued.
"So you're saying you want to take Robin away from us?!" Luffy snarled, entering a fighting
stance as Zoro and Sanji flanked Robin, who wore an impassive mask.
"Hold up, let me explain…" Aokiji waved a hand placatingly. "It's not quite so simple. See,
the size of one's bounty doesn't simply reflect the threat their combat capabilities pose. It also
shows how much of a threat they are to the Government itself."
He pointed at Robin. "That's why she had such a large bounty placed on her head even
though she was merely eight years old. Ever since, you've been a true survivor. Betraying
your partners, those who gave you shelter… using them as shields to escape to yet another
group. Now, rather than hiding in a warzone, she's picked a crew as globally active as this for
a new set of scapegoats?" He sighed, shaking his head. "I am concerned by these
circumstances, to say the least."
Though Cross had clearly warned her, Robin's mask broke almost immediately, exposing her
true feelings of terror. I could see Cross twitch, clearly trying to keep from verbally ripping
him a new one. As was I, fist unconsciously clenching.
"Why you little—!" Sanji started to snarl, only for Vivi and his sister to hold him back.
"What did Robin even do to you in the past, Aokiji?" Vivi demanded in as civil a tone as she
could manage.
"Oh, she never did anything to me personally." the Admiral shrugged. "I only know her
because she escaped from me a long time ago. But that's a long story…" He slowly cracked
his neck back and forth. "Well, suffice to say that the rest of you will learn one day the extent
to which this woman is a curse given life."
I really wanted to avoid fighting Aokiji right now, but seeing Robin nearby, shuddering and
drawing in on herself? Oh, this fucker was pushing it!
"And the proof of that?" the walking icicle continued. "Well, you've already seen it: every
organization that Nico Robin has been part of has ended up completely annihilated, leaving
her as the sole survivor."

'Self-control… self-control… self-control… self-contr—'
"That's always how it's been for her, ever since the time when she was eight."
…he didn't.
This bastard… thinks he can pin Ohara all on her?! 'YOU FUCKIN' MOTHERFUCKER!'
I was on the road to start muttering some kido incantations to entrap the shitstain and then
blast him to kingdom friggin come!
Until I was stopped in my tracks… by a dry and grim chuckle.
"Pffheheheheheh…"
Everyone froze and stared at Cross. "What's so funny, Jeremiah Cross?" Aokiji wondered, an
eyebrow raised.
"Pffheheheh, heh, hooo…" He exaggeratedly wiped a tear from his eye, laughter winding
down. "Oh, nothing, nothing, I swear. I'm just amused, is all. Just, you know, the way you
said it. That's what's funny!"
"Care to elaborate?" Aokiji replied, a hint of warning in his tone.
A savage grin spread over Cross' face. "You sure you want that, Admiral? Absolutely sure?
After all, once I start talking… I don't stop until something breaks. And I don't think you're
strong enough not to crack."
"I'd listen to the man, if I were you." I warned tersely. "Especially when I'm here to back him
up."
Aokiji tensed, but folded his arms as if relaxing. "Please, continue." He narrowed his eyes
menacingly. "I insist."
"Insist?" I shrugged. "Of course, pal… whatever you think is best. We will see to it." I turned
to Cross. "He insists upon it…"
"Cross, Evan, please…" Robin whispered in our ears.
"Too late, Robin." I replied grimly. "He pressed the Nakama Button. He shouldn'ta did that."
"This is gonna suck, isn't IT?" Soundbite whimpered.
"Like a black hole." Cross replied quietly, before re-donning his grin. "So, what I found
amusing was how you tell the story. See," he gestured toward Aokiji. "The way you tell it,
makes it seem like what happened to all those groups was all Robin's fault. However,
that's… technically correct, but not really right, now is it? She never actually did anything,

did she?"
He paused, reconsidering. "Well, okay, maybe she helped us with Baroque Works, but the
point is that the reason those organizations went up, it wasn't her doing." He slowly pointed a
finger at him with an emotionless expression. "It was all you lot. You and the rest of the
World Government's dongs. You're the ones who fucked with those groups, destroyed them
and made Robin run. You're the ones who put a bounty on her head, making it so she couldn't
trust anyone in the world. You're the ones who hunted her, day and night, like a bunch of
goddamned bloodhounds."
"Now now, Mister Cross." Aokiji retorted coldly, the temperature dropping a degree or two as
he frowned. "I'd be careful with what you say. After all, you're talking about things you know
nothing about. Nico Robin is a legitimate threat to the World Government. We were justified
in our pursuit."
"Oh, gimme a break!" I exclaimed heatedly. "A threat? Because she destroyed a bunch of
battleships? Bitch, please! Her Devil Fruit ability lets her bloom limbs in her line of sight!
She's had twenty years to develop those powers, and still can't sink a ship. You really expect
us to believe she did so at eight?!" I swiped my hand through the air. "Fuck. That. She's a
threat because of what she knows, not what she can do."
I glared hard. "You don't even know, do you? Why you're hunting her? Twenty years later,
climbing up to your position, and you don't even have a fucking clue why the Elder Bastards
sentenced her to death. Why they ordered that atrocity on Ohara. Don't you?"
"It's not my place to ask."
"Of course you don't" Cross spat. "After all, that's how your whole motto of 'Lazy Justice'
works. Akainu doesn't need to ask. Kizaru doesn't give a fuck either way. You, though? You
don't think it's worth the effort to care. You just do as you're told 'cause it's easier. So let me
make it niiice and easy for you, icehole." He gestured at Robin. "The facts are clear: the
World Government put a bounty on her head when she was only eight. Years. Old. When her
only crime was learning something the Government didn't want her to know. They didn't
consider any alternatives, didn't even contemplate mercy, they just cut her straight out of
society. If you had so much as a shred of decency, that alone would be enough to make you
realize that the organization you've dedicated your life to is completely corrupt."
Aokiji looked like he was about to speak up, only for Cross to shout over him. "And don't
give me any of that 'single incident' crap, Kuzan! We both know that's not true!" The Admiral
reeled back, and Cross pointed to Vivi. "They accused the Princess of a Member Nation, one
of the Original Member Nations, who sacrificed everything to save her country from one of
their own boxed crooks, of treason. All over a one-sided, centuries old blood feud, forcing
her to turn pirate. Forcing her father to give up the 'protection' you'd probably claim the
Government offers. And that's just the start. I know five islands off the top of my head that
the Government has driven to hell, not even counting the two currently represented by our
crew."
It was working. Bringing up Alabasta had clearly rattled the man. He didn't say anything, so I

picked back up.
"Speaking of that so-called 'protection'," I spoke with as much sarcasm as humanly possible.
"We can admit that there are some Marines out there acting for the good of all civilians. They
deserve great praise. The sad truth, however? They're in the minority. And it'll only get worse
from here. When Sengoku inevitably steps down, you're sure to be his choice to replace him.
But do you really think the Five Elders will want someone restrained and cool-headed like
you? Fuck no, they'll push for someone who will keep their definition of 'peace', even if it
means murdering hundreds of thousands of innocent men, women and children, removing
any risk of what they call criminal to slip their grip."
Aokiji's fists began to clench, doubtlessly knowing exactly what I meant. He was still too
calm, however. And Cross agreed, coming in for the finish.
"You could challenge him to a duel to the death, and Sakazuki would still become Fleet
Admiral." Cross intoned coldly. "You know what the future holds, Kuzan. So, right now, you
need to ask yourself one thing… 'Is this what you call justice? Can you take pride in
something like this?'" Aokiji stiffened instantly, and Robin quietly gasped at Cross quoting
Saul's words.
Then Cross smiled bitterly. "I know exactly what happened that day, Kuzan. I know what you
did and why. I know how you felt then, and admittedly, I've only got a good guess as to how
you feel now. But there is one thing I know above all else: I might not have
known him personally… But I know for damn sure that if he were here right now, seeing
what you are and what you're doing, what you've done… he'd be nothing but disgusted with
you."
It happened so fast, even I barely caught it. In a split second, Aokiji's expression changed
from cold to apoplectic… then he was right in front of Cross, his arm drawn back.
"Ah, shi—!"
*WHAM*
Cross was sent tumbling, left unable to breath with bands of ice strapped too tightly to his
torso.
"Sengoku was right, Jeremiah Cross." Aokiji breathed frigidly. "I really shouldn't have let
you open your damn mouth."
"Grrrgghh…" Cross wheezed, ramming a fist into his restraints fruitlessly. "Bas…tard…!"
"Actually, in retrospect, I think that Akainu might've been right for once, too." Aokiji droned
darkly, standing over Cross, icicle-laden foot poised over his head. "Sometimes… you just
need to stamp out the bugs."
"GET AWAY FROM HIM!" Conis shouted furiously, loosing a blast from her Burn Bazooka
and making Aokiji back off a bit.

"GETSUGA TENSHOU!!" I cried out, swinging Zangetsu at him hard, shoveling as much
reiatsu into the technique as possible. The resulting attack actually caused him to dodge in a
hurry, clipping him before he could move, but inflicting no permanent damage.
Conis ran to Cross, kneeling down and pressing Soundbite to his chest. "What do we say
to Death? NOT TODAY!" the snail called out.
*CRACK*
"GAH!" Cross gasped, the ice shattering and allowing him to breathe again. "Motherfucker, that stings!"
"Good, means that YOU'RE STILL CONSCIOUS!"
"LEAVE MY FRIENDS ALONE, AOKIJI!" Robin yelled, arms crossed and glaring bloody
murder at the Admiral.
"Robin, don't—!" Cross started in panic.
"You have no right to protest, Cross, not anymore." she outright snarled. "You've had your
say; now here's mine! TREINTA FLEUR!"
Before anyone could interfere, thirty arms bloomed all over Aokiji's body, poised to snap him
in two. Aokiji's powers began to freeze the arms, but in spite of Robin's wince and the steam
wafting from her real arms, she stood strong.
"My, my… seems I underestimated this crew; they've actually pushed you to attack me to try
and protect them?" Aokiji spoke, perfectly calm.
"You killed the first friend I ever made right before my eyes back then." Robin spat
venomously. "Now, for the first time in twenty years, I've actually found friends who still
believe in me, even after you did everything you could to turn them against me. Now that I've
found them…" She snapped her hands shut. "I am done running. CLUTCH!"
And just like that, Aokiji's body shattered, leaving Robin looking triumphant, if winded.
"Oh, very nice, very badass…" Cross grit out as the ice particles began shifting. "Except that,
you know, his Ice-Ice Fruit is a fucking Logia-type, meaning that all you did was piss him
off! In summary?"
"Burn him before he pulls himself together, got it." Lassoo growled, swapping to hybrid form
and padding forward. Aokiji's upper body began to reform, the air and ground crackling from
the near-instant snap-freeze. "CANI-PLASTER!"
The gun-pooch hocked up a thick ball of tar. Aokiji, already halfway reformed, barely
glanced at the incoming projectile before blowing out a misty white cloud, turning it into a
jagged black hunk of ice that fell to the ground harmlessly.

"Ah…" Lasso's eyes widened as he inched backwards.
Aokiji began to approach, then his eyes widened and he turned round, just in time to see me
appear in a Shunpo, lashing out with a blow from Zangetsu. He moved, but I managed to land
a shallow cut across his chest. His eyes shot open wider in surprise, then he glared hard. "Ice
Block: Partisan!"
Multiple spears of ice formed and were shot my way. I managed to deflect and destroy them
with a well-timed Getsuga Tengo, and held out a hand, rapidly drawing a red ideogram in the
air. "Bakudo #8: Geki!" Aokiji stopped moving as he was engulfed in red light. However, it
wouldn't hold him long, so I chanted as quickly as I could to unleash my next Kido. "Hado
#33: Sokatsui!" A massive wave of sapphire flames roared forth, Kuzan's form hidden by
their sheer volume.
To my surprise, when the flames subsided, Aokiji was already charging toward me, scorched,
but otherwise unhindered. Before I could dodge, he lashed out with a mule kick that sent
every last ounce of air from my lungs, and sent me flying back into a copse of the island's
trees.
It was a mighty blow, it left my head swimming for a minute. I was sure as hell feeling the
absence of the Shroud. 'Fucks sake…!' I thought to myself. 'Why, why did that
electric dickbag have to destroy one of my best tools! I'd stand so much better a chance if—!'
ping!
You have earned an Item Roll!

1. Gold Needles (Final Fantasy)
2. Millennium Falcon (Star Wars)
3. Sensu Beans (Dragon Ball)
4. CIS Vehicular Factory (Star Wars)
5. Vigors (BioShock)
6. Apfel Schiessen (Nasuverse)
7. Lantern Ring [Various] (DC)
8. Soldier Pills (Naruto)
9. Ea (Nasuverse)
10. Zanpakuto[?]; Shinken Hakkyoken (Bleach)
11. Hestia Knife (Danmachi)
12. Magic Lamp (Disney's Aladdin)
13. Clarisse's Electric Spear (Percy Jackson)
14. Vah Naboris (Legend of Zelda)
15. Tupsimati (Final Fantasy XIV)
16. Omega-1 Nanite (Generator Rex)

17. Scream (Akame ga Kiru)
18. Shadowcrest (DC)
19. Elixir (Final Fantasy)
20. Biomnitrix (Ben 10)

Oh thank god! I see plenty of options that can help me, and I'll take any chance I can get,
even if I have to use up every saved roll to do so! I prayed to RNGesus and Lootsifer, and
tossed that D20 as hard as I could. I watched it bounce a bit, rolling until it came to a stop on
—
My eyes went wide in shock… and a grin just about split my face in half.

~BtWwG~
​

"GET AWAY FROM THEM!" / "GET AWAY FROM ROBIN-CHWAN!" / "GET AWAY
FROM MY CREW!"
Zoro, Sanji, Boss, and a lobster-red Luffy lunged at Aokiji from behind. He turned his head
halfway, briefly regarding them, before moving, fending off Boss with a kick and grabbing
one of Zoro's arms before simply tossing him away. Luffy and Sanji, however, he didn't
even touch; his powers crippled them with frost the instant they touched his body. By the
time he was done, the Monster Trio +1 were left rolling on the ground, agonizing over their
frostbitten limbs. He turned back to Robin and Cross, moving toward the former. Gritting his
teeth, the Commie interposed himself between them, arms flung wide to try and shield her.
Aokiji raised an eyebrow at that, before shrugging indifferently. He then clamped one hand
down on Cross' shoulder opposite to Soundbite, reaching past him to Robin with the other.
And then…
"Ice—"
Then suddenly, and without warning, a burst of power erupted over the battlefield,
accompanied by a green glow, making the Admiral pause, releasing his victims and standing
up quickly. It was… almost like a light wave of Conqueror's Haki, only…not. Everyone
looked over toward the source, where Evan had been sent flying.
"In Brightest Day, in Blackest Night; No Evil shall escape my sight…!"

Cross' eyes just about bugged out of his head. "Oh, no fucking way…" he breathed, the
beginings of a smile playing over his face.
"Let those who worship evil's might… Beware My Power!" The silhouette of Evan's form
raised his arm into the air. "GREEN LANTERN'S LIGHT!"
The glow emanating from the ring turned into a pillar of emerald light surrounding him,
spearing into the sky. When it faded, Evan was visible again. His prior outfit was gone,
replaced by the Green Lantern uniform, its design closer to that of John Stewart's than Hal
Jordan's. No Face May King was still there, however, looking resplendent.
Evan grinned, his eyes changed color to be aglow with the same emerald light. "Now that's
more like it…" he breathed, giving himself a once-over. He then turned a glare onto
Aokiji. "Last chance, icehole. You can back off, and fuck off… or, you can eat this can of
whup-ass you've opened up like a good boy. What's it gonna be?"
Aokiji's eyes narrowed, and he began to stalk towards Evan. "I don't know exactly what's
going on here, but your little light show doesn't scare me, Seidler."
Evan cracked his neck. "Your choice. Now then…" He adopted a thoughtful pose, hand to his
chin. "I have an idea of how to open this fight, but what to use? Fallout?" He shook his
head. "Nah, not quite strong enough. The Robotnik one? Nuh-uh, too generic. Warhammer?
Eh, I don't think I know enough on the subject." His eyes lit up in a 'eureka' fashion. "I got it!
Overwatch…"
The ring glowed brightly, and a construct of green hardlight formed around his right arm,
taking the form of a huge gauntlet with spikes all over, the tech-weapon construct going all
the way up his arm and shoulder, a part of it even covering his right pectoral.
The Admiral cocked an eyebrow. "And just what is that supposed to be?"
"A Power Gauntlet, wielded by several generations of a man called 'Doomfist'. That's not
important, though. What is important is my next word for you…"
"And that is…?"
Evan grinned, rearing his fist back. "Transition." Suddenly, in a flash of green light, he
vanished.
Aokiji's eyes widened in shock. Then he turned, anticipating that Evan would reappear
behind him. Too late, as Evan's gauntlet-clad fist connected with his torso, hard. A massive
blast went off, denoted by a crackling energy wave, shredding the ground in a massive dome
shape. And the Admiral, rather than shattering into ice, was sent flying, his body hitting and
carving a trench into the ground as he went.
The whole crew sat there in disbelief as Aokiji lay where he fell, groaning in pain. Well, most
of the crew.

Evan giggled like a maniac, which devolved into full-blown laughter. "BAHHAHAHAHAHAAA! Ohhhhh, I sure hope somebody picks up that phone. Because I fucking
CAAAAALLED IIIIIIIT!! Green Lanterns fight by wielding weaponized willpower! Sound
familiar?!" Evan's attention was diverted as Aokiji picked himself back up. "Now, Admiral,
about that can of whup-ass…"
Kuzan growled irritably. "You're gonna pay for that one, Butcher Blade."
"We'll see." Evan grinned confidently. "Now, for a preview of things to come…" He held up
his right hand, the Doomfist construct vanishing, and several different constructs appearing
surrounding Aokiji. Multiple slender, robotic constructs. A small platoon of BX-series
Commando Droids. Most of them drew vibroswords and charged in, the rest aiming E-5
Blaster rifles.
Kuzan began fending off his new opponents with practiced ease, the constructs shattering
under his attacks and falling shy of striking him. Until the blaster-wielders began to open fire,
and he was hit by several bolts. He unleashed a large Ice Block: Partisan on the droid
constructs, the spears shredding their numbers.
Then Evan created another small platoon of new constructs, robots that rolled into being in
wheel shape, unfolding into an almost insectoid form. The Droidekas deployed their
Deflector Shields, and aimed their twin blasters at Aokiji, opening fire. The ice-man tried to
dodge, but the sheer volume of fire meant that he still took plenty of hits. His face screwed up
in frustration, and with a yell, he unleashed an Ice Age that froze every one of the constructs
solid.
The newly-minted ice sculptures lost their green glow, and shattered, having dissipated
underneath. Aokiji launched himself at Evan at incredible speed, landing a solid blow to the
Lantern's sternum, sending him reeling back. As he went in for another blow on what
appeared to be a vulnerable opponent, Kuzan found himself restrained as four mechanical
arm constructs emerged from behind his back, and grabbed each of his limbs.
He could neither move forward or fall back. Then Evan formed a construct on each hand, two
copies of the Mega Power Fist (aka 'The Big Frigger'), the most powerful Fallout fist
weapons. He then began to pummel the absolute fuck out of Aokiji with a flurry of blows, the
weapon constructs attempting to send him flying back with sheer force, but the Ock-Arms
constructs kept him from leaving punching range.
"ICE… TIME!" The Admiral cried, his powers beginning to freeze the arms solid. Evan,
eyes wide, released the constructs just before the ice touched his body, and flew backwards,
unleashing a massive energy blast from his ring to send Aokiji in the opposite direction. The
ice-man was heavily battered, but recovered from the attack swiftly. "Ice Block: Raving
Pheasant Beak!" Kuzan began to form a massive wave of ice, taking the shape of a huge
pheasant.
"Salamanders!" Evan called out in response, the ring forming a large squad of huge, heavily
armoured troops, Space Marines, all with the same dragon-head sigil on their

pauldrons. "FOR THE EMPEROR!"
"AAAAAGGGGGHHHHH!!!" they all screamed as one, raising their Heavy Flamers and
countering the incoming ice attack with their 'Holy Fire'. The frozen Pheasant construct was
overwhelmed, and the flames continued onward and engulfed the Admiral.
After a few moments, Evan raised a hand, and the Salamanders cut off their Heavy
flamers. "Had enough?!" Evan loudly demanded.
For a moment, he received no answer, making Evan worried he went too far. That worry was
rapidly abolished when Aokiji came screaming out of the smoke, plowing through one of the
Salamander constructs, and landed a strong blow to Evan's gut. With a black-clad fist. Evan
was left heaving, and the other Salamanders vanished.
"I'm just getting started." Kuzan intoned coldly, lashing out with another strike, sending the
rookie Lantern soaring away, rolling to a stop on the ground. Only Evan seemed to recognize
the change that came over the Admiral. He remembered the events that may or may not occur
on Hachinosu in the future. Kuzan was actually trying now.
Evan got to his knees, and raised his ring hand, forming constructs of four armored soldiers,
with similar armor, only with individual customizations. Spartan-II Blue Team then charged
forward at blinding speeds, meeting Kuzan as he came forward, engaging the Spartan-IIs in
close combat. The four put up an incredible fight, working in tandem to try and bring down
the ice user.
Sadly, it seemed to be in vain, as he froze and shattered them one by one. When he turned to
deal with Evan again, he was gone from where he'd been before. Then Kuzan turned around
again, just in time to catch the incredible blast from a pair of projectiles, fired from two
Reaper Blackstar constructs Evan wielded.
"Just… stay… down…" Evan panted, dropping the fading constructs.
Sadly, Evan would regret not firing again, as Aokiji came at him at such ridiculous speed, he
appeared to nearly teleport in front of him. He reared back, the entire right arm coated in
Armament Haki, and slugged Evan in the face as hard as he could. This blow sent the Earth
native tumbling freely, coming to a stop next to his crewmates.

~BtWwG~
​

'Aaarrrrgkh…'

I came-to with the Great-Great-Grandmother of all headaches, barely able to think, or even
stand. The sound of Robin whimpering in agony snapped me out of most of my funk, and I
lifted my head to see what was happening.
Most of the crew was still down, and Cross and Robin were suffering under Kuzan's freezing.
The man himself was, to my gratification, much the worse for wear. His vest and pants were
scorched and ripped up, and his shirt sleeves were destroyed. His visible skin sported burns
and cuts here and there, and his hair was an unholy mess.
Cross reached up with his unfrozen hand, and grasped onto Aokiji, getting the bastard's
attention.
"Let. Her. Go." he snarled in the Admiral's face.
As Aokiji just stared at him with an unreadable expression, I mustered the strength to raise
my hand and aim my ring at him. It began to glow, as I began charging it to fire a thin beam
that would pierce directly through the icy fucker's spine.
Thankfully for him, he suddenly stopped freezing my friends, and pulled back. Cross spun
around quickly to catch Robin before she toppled over. She'd gotten it worse, with the entire
right half of her body encased in ice, while big-mouth got away with only one arm and upper
leg frozen. I still didn't put my arm down.
"Nico Robin." Aokiji began quietly. "As Cross and Seidler both seem to know, Jaguar D. Saul
was my friend, too. It was because of his final wishes that I allowed you to escape from
Ohara that day. I still feel responsible for your life, but after twenty years of wandering, I felt
that it was time for you to die. But it seems that you've found your place after all."
Robin's breathing hitched, eyes widening. The rest of us were just as stunned at his sudden
approval. Could he be serious?
He sighed and turned away from us, waving his hand carelessly as he walked toward the
ocean. "Well, I suppose we owe you all something from the Alabasta Affair, so I'll let you go
for today."
Any relief I might've felt was tempered by caution, as I continued to keep my glowing ring
fixed on him. Vivi seemed to agree, as she spun one of her Lion Cutters in one hand, the
other clutching her Sirocco Necklace. "Just today?" she snarled.
Aokiji paused, glancing back at Vivi before rolling his eyes. "Alright, let me rephrase: I won't
come after your crew again unless I'm outright ordered to. Better?"
Vivi held her glare for a few seconds longer before allowing her Cutter to stop spinning. I
decided to follow her example, letting my arm hit the ground, ring glow fading.
"Good." He started walking away again. "You've found people who will protect you, Nico
Robin. They're willing to take on the world for you, clearly." Then, he paused again. "But can
they win? I seriously doubt that."

'No… no he didn't…' I turned my head slightly to see something in Robin's eyes begin to
flicker and die.
"I dunno about that…" I groaned out, attempting to counter his statement. "I was pretty
clearly… k-kicking your ass for a while there… and I only ju-just got this ring. Imagine me
with practice…"
Kuzan winced, grasping his side for a bit. "Maybe. But I wouldn't count on it. You can't
exactly protect all your friends, after all."
"Fu-Fucker…"
"Damn you…" Cross hissed. "Damn every last one of you monsters straight to hell."
Aokiji chuckled deeply. "A monster, huh? That's rich, coming from a demon like you."
Cross grit his teeth, glaring at the Admiral's back. "Well, at least. I'm Honest."
Heh, that sure shut him up.
Thus, without another word, Kuzan walked out onto the winter wasteland he'd created, with
only a slight limp affecting his stride into the distance. The adrenaline finally left my system,
leaving me to collapse into unconsciousness once more.

Omake: Say His Name
Upon the grassy plains of one of the many islets of Long Ring Long Island, the mighty Straw
Hat Pirate Crew... lay defeated, to the last. They had each brought their all to face down with
Admiral 'Aokiji' Kuzan, but had unfortunately been found wanting. They each were on the
ground, reeling from their injuries and varying states of frozen-ness, surrounded by icy
structures left over from the fight.
The last to be defeated, Seidler D. Evan, was currently being held down by the neck, the
Admiral himself giving the pseudo-Shinigami a cold glare. "I told you there was no way you
could beat me..." he spoke, a cloud of vapor leaving his mouth. "You're finished, all of you."
Evan snickered in response. "Not... quite, Admiral..." he breathed out. "You haven't...
beaten... all of us..."
"Nonsense. No one is saving you now."
Evan merely grinned, then shouted to the heavens. "JOE!! HENDRY!!"
Aokiji's brow furrowed in confusion. "Who the hell is—?"

Suddenly, and without warning, a wall of ice to his side busted apart, and Aokiji stood up
suddenly in shock. He took in the man who shouldered through it. Bleached hair and a thin
brown beard, with a goofy grin on his face, wearing a blue shirt and white slacks, the NXT
Championship title belt around his waist. His theme song (likely due to Soundbite) sounded
out at the exact same time.
~Say his name and... he appears!~
~I Believe in Joe Hendry!~
He clapped twice in time with the song, still grinning wide.
The Admiral blinked in sheer bewilderment. "What the fuck—?"
Before he could react, Joe Hendry was upon him, quickly putting him into his Finishing
Move, the elevated one-armed spinebuster known as the Standing Ovation, sending the Ice
Logia crashing to the ground with an almighty...!
*WHAM!*
Just like that, Kuzan was out cold (pun unintended). Most of the Straw Hats looked on in
disbelief.
Evan picked himself up, and went over to the pro-wrestler. "Thanks for the save, Joe." He
hed out his fist, to which Joe Hendry nodded, and fist-bumped him. Then he turned and
walked away, probably off to his next match... or to wherever someone said his name next.
Even turned back to his crewmates, grinning like a fool. "Well, do you guys Believe now?"
Most everyone nodded in reply. Cross rolled his eyes. "That was some bullshit, but yeah,
sure. I Believe in Joe Hendry."

Chapter End Notes

Sadly, the Ao3 system is WAY too complicated for me to do what I did over on
Spacebattles, which was to format some of the text and Evan's quotations to green to
denote the Light of Willpower. Which fucking SUCKS. If anyone reading here wants to
help with that, feel free. Just let me know in a comment, and I'll try to show you what I
wanted in green. Should be another chapter next friday. See ya then!

Chapter 36: The Recovery
Some time later, I woke back up aboard Merry, any damage I'd taken fixed by our healing
solution supply. Sadly, the solution couldn't actually defrost those that needed it, so it still
took time for everyone to recover enough for a crew meeting. By then, Robin was also fully
defrosted, and everyone gathered in the lounge while Chopper readied his smelling salts.
"Alright, fair warning." Chopper held his tongue between his teeth, waving a vial beneath
Robin's nose. "After a trauma like this, the reaction of patients waking up have a tendency to
be somewhat—"
Robin's eyes snapped open, and OHSHITARMS!
"—VISCERAL!" Chopper gagged out around the arm coiled around his neck.
"No shit!" Cross wheezed out, likewise struggling with his own throttling.
"Let him go OR GET READY TO lose a thumb AGAIN!" Soundbite roared.
Robin started, blinking rapidly as she came down from her adrenaline high. After a moment,
she gasped in shock, snapping her arms down to dissolve the limbs that incapacitated the
entire crew. "I-I'm so sorry, I just—! I-It was reflexive, I didn't mean—!"
"No harm done, Robin. Or nothing lasting, at least." Cross rasped, rubbing his throat.
"Anyway, you don't have anything to worry about. You're back with your friends now."
Sadly, even though I tried to counter Aokiji's parting shot, the hollowness of the smile Robin
gave told me I failed.
"Yes… Yes, you're right…" Robin relaxed back into the tub, turning a grin on Chopper that
made him shiver uncomfortably. "Thank you for the assistance, Mister Doctor, I apprecia—"
"Come on, Robin!" Cross interrupted, making her jump and cracking the mask she was trying
to use again, exposing sheer anguish beneath. "Are you really going to let the words of that
coldhearted bastard undo everything you've been looking for over the last twenty years? You
called us your friends—hell, we are your friends, full stop!"
She made a weak attempt to smile. "Mister Jeremiah—"
"DON'T YOU 'MISTER JEREMIAH' ME!" Cross snapped, slamming his fist into the wall
and stomping over to her. "Damn it, Robin, I thought you were past this! It doesn't matter
what the hell Aokiji said or what scare tactics he tried to use. We still want to be your friends,
and I thought that after all this time, you were willing to trust us. The words of someone like
him shouldn't make a difference!"

She tried to avoid showing vulnerability again, hiding her anguish behind a painfully neutral
expression.
"Robin, I broke that mask before through kindness, but I can and will go the other way and
get you spitting nails if I must. I did it to Aokiji, so I can definitely do it to you." He exhaled,
and gave her a pleading look. "Listen, Robin. Do you really want us to go back to seeing
Crocodile's right-hand woman, instead of seeing you? Do you really want to go back to being
Miss All-Sunday?"
As he said this, Vivi remained silent, angling her body slightly away from Robin, but the
occasional glances she gave said enough.
"Come on, Robin!" Nami jumped in, pleading. "You're one of the only people on the crew
with a lick of sense. Without you, I'd- we'd go crazy in hours!"
"You can keep up with me when I'm talking about science, even when I go off the deep end!"
Chopper added, tears shimmering in his eyes. "I'm fine with everyone else just smiling and
nodding, but you actually read my notes and understand them! You even helped me develop
half of the combat formulas I'm using! You're almost as much of a mentor to me as
Doctorine!"
"You're a stone-cold bitch with cheap-as-all-hell powers and enough practice keeping your
emotions to yourself that I probably wouldn't trust you if Cross, Evan and Luffy didn't." Zoro
contributed. Reiju raised a hand to Gibbs Slap him, then he sighed and scratched at his head,
looking away. "And, you're one of the strongest women I've ever met." Reiju slowly put the
hand down.
"You're a member of this crew, Robin, no matter what." Luffy stated, as if it were an
immutable fact. Knowing Luffy, it was.
Cross clamped a hand on her shoulder, leaning forward to look her dead in the eyes. "You
belong here, Robin. You know it, we know it. So, after everything you've gone through with
us, all the good times and bad that we shared, do you really want us to treat you like
everybody else you've met for the last twenty years, and vice-versa?"
Try as she might, she just couldn't keep up her cool, uncaring mask. Eventually, she gave up
looking Cross in the eye, and I could swear I saw small tears drip into the tub.
"...No." she finally breathed, hugging herself. "But what else would you have me do? This
crew… this is the first place I've actually felt secure since… since…" She bit down on her lip
before she could say anything further.
"Seriously, Robin? Even after all this, all we've gone through, you can't bring yourself to tell
them?" Cross demanded, clear hurt in his voice.
Robin slowly looked up, eyes shimmering. "No, I can't… because I can't deny what Aokiji
said. We… you're all strong, incredibly so… but not strong enough to fight the world.
Nobody is…" She looked away, then turned a look on me. "Although… I must admit that

what you did back there… was fairly convincing otherwise."
"Yeah, what was that anyway?" Luffy asked excitedly. "It was so cool!"
I brought up my fist, showing off the ring. "This, is the most advanced weapon/tool in the
universe it comes from, and now, the most advanced on the face of this planet.
Vegapunk wishes they could make something like this. It's called a Power Ring. They're used
by the Green Lantern Corps, an intergalactic peacekeeping group."
"How does it work…?" Reiju asked, fascinated.
"It runs on the Green Light of Willpower, one of the seven lights of the Emotional
Electromagnetic Spectrum. Long story, don't ask. To use it, well… the limit is your own
imagination." I grinned. "And as you witnessed, I can imagine quite a lot."
"Yeah, that was awesome." Cross admitted. "He was right, too. With practice, there might not
be many who could take you on. Superior numbers or no."
"Damn right." I took another look at the ring, and a sudden thought occured. "While I'm
thinking about it… Ring, status report."
"All systems nominal. Ring Charge currently at 33%."
I nodded. "Must've used a lot of power in that fight, huh? S'fine, just gotta give it a recharge,
and I'm gonna be kicking some serious ass." I held out my hand, grasping at something that
wasn't there. After a few moments, when nothing happened, I squeezed my hand a few times,
trying to will what I wanted to my hand. Still nothing.
"Eeeeehh… is something supposed to happen?" Mikey asked, head tilted.
"I thought so… hey, Ring? I can't seem to pull my Personal Lantern from subspace. Care to
explain?"
"There is no Personal Lantern currently connected to this Ring."
…
WUT.
"Beg pardon?"
"There is no Personal Lantern currently connected to this Ring."
"...are you fucking KIDDING ME?!" I exclaimed hotly. "Why is there no Personal Lantern for
this ring?"
"Unknown."

I wiped my hand down my face. "Unknown, of course, what did I expect…" I thought for a
second, and an answer came to me. "System? Display result of the last roll."
On the wall, a pop-up box opened, displaying the result.

Power Ring (Various)
The most advanced weapon system ever conceived. The Maltusian Guardians of Oa
created the first Rings for the Green Lantern Corps, to replace their robotic Manhunter
Corps. Several other Lantern Corps also exist, each representing one of the colors of the
Emotional Electromagnetic Spectrum. One can create anything they can imagine while
harnessing the emotion in question as a power source. You get to choose which kind of
Ring you wish to receive.*
*Personal Lantern Battery Rolled Separately

I stared dumbfounded at the note at the bottom.
"WOW… that is some bullshit." Soundbite noted.
"Rolled… separately…" I muttered irritably. "Ha…haha…" I slammed a fist into the wall,
making everyone jump and causing the window to close. "God fucking dammit! How am I
supposed to get lucky enough to not only roll that on my next lists, but to get it in the list of
twenty in the first place! FUCK, I'd have been better off with the Biomnitrix! At
least that would recharge on its own!"
I sat down, head in my hands, and sighed. "Hell with it, this is a problem for Future Evan." I
took the ring off, the Lantern uniform vanishing in green light, returning me to my previous
clothes. I put the ring in one of my cloak pockets, and looked back up. "Getting back on
track, Robin, what you've said is all bullshit anyway. You're the only one who believes that.
What happened with Aokiji is only going to help us."
"That's right." Zoro agreed, nodding. "We lost, and none of us are happy about that, but we
survived. We've seen what we're up against. Now we just need to get to the point that when
we meet him again, we won't lose."
"And unless shit somehow goes sideways in a manner most spectacular, we won't have to
face anyone we can't beat again, Robin." Cross said carefully, looking at Luffy the whole
time. His head was still bowed, however, so nobody could read his expressions.
"You can't—" Robin began.

"Do you really think that I'm lying?" Cross interrupted.
"I—no, but you don't know—"
"Do you really think that our Captain, Monkey D. Luffy, will ever let any of us down?" he
pressed, quietly but intensely.
A minor spark of recognition came to Robin's eyes, a bit of light returning to her face. She
looked to Cross, to me, to Luffy. The rubberman looked up slightly, revealing one of his eyes,
burning more intensely than even Ace could. Robin stared for what felt like an eternity, then
looked away, ashamed.
"I want to say that I believe…" she whispered, clutching tightly at her arms. "But after all
these years—"
"Cross. Evan."
Robin's mouth clamped shut, and we all looked back at Luffy. He looked like he had a bad
taste in his mouth, but his eyes still burned. "I'm… changing my orders." he grit out. "From
now on, you guys have my permission to say anything you know—" He shuddered. "But only
if it can help us get stronger, that's it!"
The crew was stunned into silence, and for good reason. Luffy, accepting spoilers. The
Captain just looked at Robin, a wry grin slowly growing on his face. "After all, if we're going
to take on the whole world, then we'll need to be a lot stronger, right?"
"Yeah, that'd be for the best." Cross agreed. "I mean, we'll get through what's coming up next
as long as we fight like hell…" He paused, likely thinking over the near-future events. "But
yeah, I'd be a lot more comfortable if we took what little time we have here on Long Ring
Long Island to hone our skills."
"Training whenever you can DOES HURT!" Soundbite piped up. "HURTS THEM,
ANYWAY!"
"Well, I'm all for it." Zoro grinned. "If I know what to shoot for, I should be able to reach it
faster."
"My students and I train regularly anyways, so we'll just have to train twice as hard, right
boys?" Boss said confidently, pounding his fist into his palm.
"BOSS, YES, BOSS!" the TDWS barked, snapping to attention.
"I don't plan on letting another lady get injured in my sight. I'll be glad to train." Sanji said
firmly.
"Count me in, too." Chopper nodded in agreement.

"I could definitely use a chance to get used to wielding my arsenal now that I have the
chance." Conis mused to herself.
Everyone else responded similarly, audibly or not. Seeing the shock on Robin's face… to
think that anyone could be so taken aback at the idea that anyone would be willing to risk
their lives for them…
Still, seeing Robin give a true, honest smile, no matter if it was a bit weak and frail, still held
the spark of life that had left her earlier. And that brought warm feelings to my heart.
"Right!" Cross clapped his hands. "Everyone who isn't still recovering from hyperhypothermia, let's meet on the deck in ten minutes. I'm going to need that long to make sure I
don't forget anything. Oh, and!" He hastily stuck a finger up, everyone pausing as he also
shot apologetic looks at Robin, Conis, and the dugongs. "For the record, I do apologize for
my cryptic, nigh-savant-like bullshittery. But! I promise that once everything is said and done
on the next island we arrive on, Evan and I will let you all in on the secrets we hold.
Agreed?"
With a minimum of comment, the uninformed parties agreed.
"Well, if we've got ten minutes, I'll go ahead and double-check the upgrades I've finished."
Usopp muttered, somewhat subdued as he left. Might be his self-esteem issues cropping up.
Cross and/or myself should deal with that ASAP.
Vivi and Carue left next, followed by the rest of the crew, Chopper lingering the longest to
ensure Robin's water was still the proper temperature. Eventually, only Luffy, Cross and I
remained.
"Robin." I spoke, giving the archeologist a compassionate look. "We're ready to back you up
on that whenever you are." Cross nodded eagerly in agreement.
She shuddered, clenching her eyes shut. After a moment, she reopened them and gave a light
smile. "I'm still not certain… but I…" She nodded hesitantly, the action slowly picking up
strength. "For the first time in twenty years, I have hope again…" She graced us with a much
wider, more heartfelt smile. "And it's all because of you. You have my thanks, Mist—" Robin
flinched, her smile turning apologetic. "Cross. Evan."
Cross returned the smile, grasping her shoulder reassuringly. "We'll get through this, Robin,
don't worry. Now, here." He grabbed a vial Chopper left behind and handed it to her. "Take
your medicine and get some rest. We'll wake you again around dinnertime, alright?"
Robin chuckled, taking the vial and downing it. "Knowing Sanji, you didn't even…" She
trailed off into a yawn. "Even need… to…" She blinked blearily at the vial. "Huh… it
would… appear that Chopper… improved his formula… recently…" She sank a few inches
into the water as she nodded off.
After a few moments, Cross groaned and hung his head. "Damn it, Robin…" he ground out.

"Eh? What's wrong?" Luffy asked. "Robin's happy again, isn't that a good thing?"
"If only…" I uttered with a sigh. "I want to believe her, Luffy, really. But she's a world-class
actor, and could easily be faking. Not because she doesn't think we're her friends, I know she
does."
"Then we should trust her! It's what friends do!" Luffy nodded, as though that were the end
of it.
"Captain…" Cross interjected. "That's the exact reason why we can't trust her."
"Eh?!"
Cross gestured between the three of us. "We're her friends, Luffy, her friends whom she cares
about more than life itself. You should know better than anyone that people, even those as
smart as her, tend to do some real stupid shit, so long as it ends with saving their friends… or
their family, as the case may be."
Luffy's expression darkened like a thundercloud, but he had no answer for that.

~BtWwG~

Cross and I brainstormed for all we could to instruct the crew, involving some more cursing
at Ace for his shitty Haki 'Instructions'. When we started the meeting, Usopp still had some
work to do on Nami's Perfect Clima-tact, and while Boss' Thermal Dart was finished, it didn't
have a safe place to hold it. Not that it mattered to Boss, whose well-trained flippers were
more than able to take the heat. He did have Cross' gear ready, gauntlets and greaves
improved, insulated, and a Flash and Impact Dial in either gauntlet palm.
For Zoro, we turned him onto his Asura technique, as well as Iron Body, if he could figure
that out too. For Sanji, we got him on trying to figure out Tempest Kick, Moonwalk (which
he ended up doing unconsciously against Ohm that one time), and Shave, as well as
informing the crew of the other techniques for anyone who might be able to learn. We also
got Sanji to start working on Diable Jambe.
We couldn't get Chopper to take control of his Monster Point, as his new 'intelligence' made it
an issue, but we did get him to go to work on mitigating the negative side-effects of Luffy's
Gear Second. By which Chopper tranq'd our Captain and dragged him to the lounge to 'work'
on him. Sadly, when we tried to get Vivi to tell us about that Sirocco Necklace, she dodged

by mounting Carue and taking the hell off. Frustrating, but she can't avoid the subject forever.
For Conis, we had work with Su to figure out just how much of her extensive arsenal she
could carry with her high strength, without hindering her combat ability. Boss and his
students we couldn't really come up with anything for, but they said they could manage. To
top it off, Cross was handed to Mikey and Donny to help him get some extra training, while I
paired off with Reiju for training, taking us both up to the Fortress to use the Ripatorium.
I'd've invited everyone, if we were training to fight as a group, but we were each improving
our own deals.
Not that I had much beyond 'learn new Kido and Hakuda, improve my spirit power'. Reiju, at
least, seemed to be testing different applications of her poisons on the enemies. We went up
against each kind in waves, one by one. Demons, Pirates, and Marines. When that proved to
be not quite enough of a challenge, the Ripatorium spawned all three factions at once. Oddly
enough, the Marines seemed to be fighting the other two factions as well as us. Either way, it
was a good way to work out frustrations, and come up with fresh tactics.
'Yo, Zangetsu?' I called on my spiritual partner, as I cut down a group of enemies.
'I am here, Evan. As always.' he answered.
'I think you already know what I'm about to ask, but… how much longer would it take for me
to be ready to achieve Bankai?'
'...I can't say for sure. Ichigo Kurosaki's rapid jump to Bankai was in part due to
Urahara's Device, and also his unique hybrid state. But a good part of it was also that he
was a Living Soul. Living souls are ever-changing, primarily throughout their lives. Souls
of the dead… far, far less prone to change. You can get strong enough to achieve Bankai
one day… but it is still some time off.'
I sighed internally. 'I was afraid you were going to say that. Hell, like I said, problems for
Future Evan. For now… combat training.' I cast a Getsuga Tenshou at a Baron of Hell that
was trying to get Reiju from behind.
Some time later, we finished up and returned to the ship to clean ourselves up a bit. After I
emerged from the deck, I noticed Cross and Soundbite having a chat with Usopp, one that
made no noise, thus Soundbite's Gastro-Scramble was up. I assume he was trying to help
guide the sniper down a better path than… well, canon.
Suddenly, the door to the lounge slammed open, followed by Chopper in his Spark of
Madness Mode. "ALRIGHT, I'M DONE WITH THIS IDIOT! DO WHAT YOU WANT
WITH HIM!"
He tossed the Captain over the side of the Merry, wafting gracefully through the air before
slamming to the ground in a shower of dirt and grass. He was still out like a light, and none
of that woke him. Chopper just huffed steam out of his nose, then returned into the lounge.
Then a small syringe-dart shot out and hit Luffy in the seat of his pants. Two seconds of

stillness later, then—
"WOOHOO!"
Luffy shot up immediately, and began rocketing around the plain like a rubbery bat-outtahell, syringe left behind. What followed was proof positive that we may need to consider
weaponizing Luffy on an excess of caffeine or sugar.
"I THINK he may have mastered SHAVE." Soundbite groaned dizzily, eyestalks spinning
uncontrollably. I didn't blame him, even I was having a hard time keeping up with the rubber
bullet our Captain had become.
Cross turned his head to look at Usopp. "You want some practice hitting a moving target?" he
deadpanned.
"I will admit that I am good in my particular field, Cross." Usopp deadpanned right back.
"But I am nowhere near that good."
'Pfft. Yet.'
"Think that catching him could be some good training for your high-speed movement?" Reiju
asked with some amusement.
"I am… almost considering it." I replied contemplatively.
Shouts arose from the island as Luffy tore through everyone's training sessions in his
stimulant-induced rampage, Zoro and Sanji sounding the most pissed off. Cross crouched
down behind the Merry's upper railing.
"Uh, Cross, what are you—?" Usopp began.
"LUFFY!"
"Nice place you got here." Usopp commented, taking a place huddled beside the Commie.
"Make yourself right at home." he replied.
Eventually, the ruckus came to a head, with the three standing off against one another. There
were faces and arms flickering in and out of existence on Zoro's sides, and Sanji's right foot
was dragging along the ground, wafting up smoke. Luffy had stopped bounding around like a
chipmunk on crack, and seemed to be almost appraising the threat.
And then they moved. The clash threw up a massive cloud of dust, streaked with fire and
practically spitting razor-sharp winds. The din echoing out was devoid of any grunts of pain.
Then, after a solid minute, we saw Luffy soar above the whole mess, biting down on his
hand, his body already bulging.
"GUM-GUM!" Luffy shouted, audible even over the roar of the clash below him. "GIANT

PISTOL!"
Luffy's supersized fist slammed into the shore under the dust cloud with an almighty crash,
the hard-packed soil and rock below simply disintegrating. Rather than add to the existing
dust cloud, it blew the thing away entirely. There was a glimpse of red on Sanji's foot, and
nine swords rather than three, before the last of the dust cleared. Then we got a good look at
the impact crater.
It was as if a giant had stomped on the spot -essentially, that's exactly what happened- leaving
a fist-shaped chunk of the coast completely gone. Like it hadn't even existed in the first place.
And right next to it, shrunken to a foot tall, was Luffy. I started to snort a little, as Reiju
giggled a bit, at the ridiculous contrast before us.
"Pfff—" Cross began as usual.
"WILL YOU JUST HURRY UP AND LAUGH ALREADY?!" Nami screamed at him.
Thus, with permission granted, he obliged her.
"PFFHAHAHAHAHA! I FUCKING LOVE THIS CREW SO MUCH!
PFFHAHAHAHAHAA!"
"BAH-HAHAHAHAHA!" I joined my fellow earthling in laughter. God Bless this Wackyass world.

~BtWwG~

A few hours later, we ended up deciding that we'd gotten as much as possible out of staying
moored to Long Ring Long Island, packed up what little we'd unpacked, reboarded Merry
and weighed anchor, then set out on the course the Log Pose set for us. As we set off, Nami,
Cross, Zoro and I stood side-by-side at the railing, staring off into the sunset.
"So…" Zoro started. "We've suffered our first complete defeat as a crew, and it pushed us far
enough that Luffy decided to revoke any limits on spoilers as long as it could make us
stronger. You guys mentioned this is just the start of the hardest leg we're going through?"
"Aokiji was a hopeless fight, and we won't be finding one of those anytime soon." Cross
confirmed. He then gave a slight grimace. "But the fights that we will find are going to push
us further than Alabasta. This extra training will help, I'm sure, but…" He hung his head with

a sigh. "Well, buckle up."
Nami glanced between us before groaning in frustration, then grabbed me before turning us
around to stride back towards the cabin. As she leaned wearily into me, she muttered under
her breath, "I need a vacation."
"You and me both." I readily agreed. "Maybe we'll stumble across a resort island on the way
to the next island. One that won't have some horrible bullshit for our crew to deal with while
we're there."
Nami huffed out a laugh. "Is that too much to ask?"

Chapter 37: The Island
-Excerpt from Siedler D. Evan’s New Pirate King Chronicle, or ‘The Misadventures of the
Straw Hat Pirates’

THIS IS FOR THE RECORD.

I know that literally everyone else in the crew would insist on treating what follows as simply
a joint nightmare. Full denial that it ever happened. I understand the sentiment.
I cannot allow that.
Not just because the rest of the entire world heard what happened (those that had the stomach
to listen the whole time, anyway), or the off chance that we might run into Brief or the
Tearoom Crew again… that horror show needs to be remembered. For better or for worse.
It started barely a day after we left Long Ring Long Island, when we came across an odd
package on the sea. It contained a map of a place called Omatsuri Island, and a log pose to
lead us there. As well as a message depicting the many wonders of the island, which ensnared
many of the crew. Luffy, of course, decided we were going simply because of the first part of
it: 'If you are a pirate among pirates among pirates among pirates, then gather your steadfast
crew of companions and set sail for our island.'
Because Luffy.
When we arrived at the island, we were wondering if it was a trick, since all we could see
was jungle. However, after following the sound of drumbeats, we found the high-end resort
that the message advertised… even if the slew of extravagant features were… lied about.
We were greeted by Baron Omatsuri, the master of the island. Who had a smiling flower on
his shoulder, in fact the only flower we had yet to see on the island. At the time, I didn’t
know why, but that flower set off my ‘bad juju’ sense. Upon greeting us, naturally, he told us
we had to endure his Ordeal of Hell. A series of challenges issued by him and his leaf-headed
‘crew’.
First came a goldfish catching game that was heavily weighed against us, what with the fish
being gigantic and there being misleading rules. Then some kind of ring toss-race hybrid that
my quarreling crewmates managed to defeat.
Of course, that last bit is the problem. Thanks to that fucking flower, a psychotropic pollen
was affecting all the normal human members of the crew. The non-humans, Chopper and the
animals of the crew, Conis, Reiju and the Devil Fruit users were unaffected. And slowly
disappearing. The rest of us, however, were badly affected, our personalities changing. None

more so than Cross, due to his unfortunate weakness. He turned into a horrid clout-chasing
influencer.
Then there’s me. Unlike the others, the pollen exacerbated a negative trait of my old life,
turning me… apathetic. No matter how insane things got with our fracturing crew, I just…
didn’t care. At least, until Sanji did that cooking contest with Kotetsu, and he said that shit
about letting Zoro starve. That seemed to put a crack in the effect. And that was all that
Zangetsu, the spirit of my zanpakuto, needed to finally get through to me.

~BtWwG~

‘...an…! …lease, hea…! Eva…!’
‘EVAN!’
My eyelids fluttered open, and my hand went right to my head, holding it to try and ward off
the fading migraine. I looked up and saw I was in my Inner World, standing on my Dive To
The Heart-style stained glass platform. I blinked in confusion as I noticed thin tendrils of
darkness were quickly receding over the edges.
“That can’t be good…” I muttered.
“Evan! At last!” I heard Zangetsu exclaim, turning to see my zanpakuto spirit looking
somewhat haggard. “Are you awake now?”
“Awake?” I asked in confusion. “Zangetsu, what are you talking about?”
“Evan, do you not remember what’s been happening since we arrived on Omatsuri Island?”
“Omatsuri? Yeah, I… I think I…” I trailed off as everything suddenly came back to me. The
weirdness of the island, the Baron’s ordeals… and the behavior of our crew.
My eyes widened in horror. “What the FUCK. Wh-What the hell have the crew been saying?
What have I been saying?! It’s like I reverted to my old life’s apathy! A-And Cross, he was
acting like some fuckboi Youtube influencer! And Sanji… I don’t care how much he and
Zoro hate each other, he’d never say that. Not even if Boa Hancock herself begged him to.”
“Yes, I’m fairly certain that’s what finally let me get through to you.” Zangetsu nodded. “I
don’t exactly know what is affecting you all, but it seems Devil Fruit users and non-humans
are unaffected.”

“It can’t have been drugged food or drink, we only recently got some, and it’s been going on
before that. The only way would have to be something in the… air…” My fists clenched as
the realization hit. “Pollen. That stupid-ass flower on Baron’s shoulder. The only flower
we’ve seen on this godforsaken rock!”
“It was a trap after all.” Zangetsu concluded. “Baron Omatsuri uses this flower’s pollen to
sow discord amongst crewmates and destroy pirate crews… but for what purpose?”
“It doesn’t matter anymore…” I fumed angrily. “Because I’m putting a stop to this, now.”
“You have a plan?”
“You’re fuckin-A right I’ve got a plan.” I held up my hand toward him, palm away. “I’m
gonna accessorize.”

~BtWwG~

I slowly faded into consciousness, although my body still wasn’t under my control. It felt a
lot like being stuck behind a pane of unbreakable glass. I just caught the dialogue being
exchanged.
“—There are no rules in this ordeal.” the Baron said with no emotion, only grim
determination, as a hundred or so men with rifles appeared behind him, cocking their
weapons. “My hundred sharpshooters will hunt you down. If you believe you can escape
them, you are free to search for your friends or do whatever you wish.”
Everything was silent for a moment, then… “High stakes. Sounds like fun!” Cross snickered
near-dementedly. Soundbite whimpered in response.
‘Enough of this.’ I sneered. ‘Ring!’
I felt a twitch in my cloak.
Nami turned towards our Captain. “Luffy, what do we do?” The rubberman said nothing, his
head down and eyes shadowed. “...Luffy? …LUFFY!”
“Captain, please! Do something!” Conis pleaded. “Evan, Cross, don’t just stand there! Help
me!”
‘I’m trying, Conis!’ I cried out in my head, while a noncommittal groan left my actual mouth.
‘RING!’

More movement in my cloak, stronger this time.
“Who do you think’s going down first, people?” Cross rambled on, ignoring the others. “My
bets are on the rookie. After all, she’s still soft. Chopper’s got a natural disadvantage, of
course—”
“Cross, what is wrong with you?! Please, we need help! Why is no one listening to me?!”
“SOMEONE fucking HELP! IT’S OMATSURI ISLAND! OMATSURI ISLAND! I
DON’T CARE WHO COMES AT THIS POINT, HEEEEEELP!” Soundbite cried.
‘RING!’
Finally, the ring leaped out of its pocket, and slipped onto my ring finger, instantly adorning
me in my Green Lantern attire in a flash of light.
“What in blazes?!” Omatsuri exclaimed.
‘Ring, initiate Wellness Scan for foreign contaminants!’ I ordered. ‘Specification: pollen!’
“Acknowledged. Beginning scan.” The Ring replied, taking a few seconds. “Alert! Pollenbased foreign contaminant detected! Harmful psychotropic effects confirmed!”
‘PURGE!’
“Acknowledged. Purging now.” My body then began glowing brightly for about ten seconds,
and as it stopped, I felt myself finally get control of my body back.
“Now that’s more fucking like it!” I huffed, moving and flexing my extremities.
“You…” the Baron seethed. “What in the world have you done?!”
“Burned out the drugs you and your flower put in my system, jackass.” I shot back. I then
raised my hand, and created a massive wall moving at speed, sending it into every single one
of Omatsuri and Gappa’s precious gunmen, sending them flying. “And now I’m putting an
end to this sick and twisted game of yours!”
“Aw, come on, Evan!” Cross whined. “For fuck’s sake, you’re such a buzzkill!”
“Ah, right. Speaking of ending this…” I turned to face my crewmates, the unaffected looking
at me with hope, the affected giving me confusion or, in Cross’ case, affronted. “Ring, scan
my friends for the same foreign contaminant and purge.”
“Acknowledged. Scanning…” Then, after a few more seconds… “Unable to comply.”
…
“...I beg your finest fucking pardon?” I uttered in horror.

“Current charge level insufficient to initiate purge of foreign contaminants from Straw Hat
Crewmates. Alert! Ring Charge currently at 9%. Some functions will be restricted to
conserve charge.” Like that, my idle hovering a few inches off the ground ended, lowering
me back down.
You’ve got to be kidding me. I burned that much power getting that shit out of me? Gods
damn the Gacha System for making the Personal Lantern a separate item!
“Well, that takes a lot of the wind out of my sails…” I commented, removing the ring and
returning it to my pocket.
Omatsuri chuckled darkly. “Wel then, now that that little interruption is over with… I do
believe you all have an Ordeal to get back to.” Suddenly, the hundred sharpshooters appeared
behind him once again. Somehow, they looked none the worse for wear, in spite of being hit
hard by my speeding wall. “You may begin!”
“I-I’m going off by myself!” Nami yelled, before she took off running.
“Nami, wait! Nami, NAMI!” Conis cried frantically.
“Actually, she might have the right idea for the time being!” I admitted, bringing my hands to
the side of my face. “Shield your eyes! Bakudo #33: Taiyoken!”
As those of us still here shut our eyes, my kido spell unleashed a blinding white light, with
Omatsuri and his fellows letting out yelps of pain as their vision was seared.
“Okay, now scatter!” I called out, taking off into the woods at speed.
‘Alright, think, think!’ I contemplated desperately as I went. ‘I need a better plan than this!’
After about a minute, I snapped my fingers. ‘I have it. I’ll jet across this island, grabbing up
everyone I can sense, tossing each of them into the Fortress Portal to safety. I’ll follow them
when I’m done, get Shanks to call Soundbite to tell me what island he’s on (since he’ll be
away from whatever’s jamming the call-ins that should’ve been coming).
‘I’ll portal to him, have the man hopefully use his Advanced Haki to give the ring enough
charge to get back to 100%, go back to the crew and purge them, then go back to the Island
and get anyone else off of it that I missed the first time. After that, I’ll use the Autumn II and
nuke the island from orbit. It’s the only way to be sure.’
*KA-BANG* “AAAHHHHHH!” Came the sound of a gunshot, followed by a scream from a
familiar voice.
“Cross!” I exclaimed as I stopped cold. “Dammit, guess I’ve got my first targ—!”
My instincts screamed at me, but not quickly enough. As I began to move, a sharp pain hit
me in the back, and I suddenly collapsed to the ground.
“AGGH! What the fuck?!” I exclaimed in pain. I attempted to stand back up, but for some
reason I couldn’t… feel my… my legs…

I slowly looked at my back in horror, and beheld a single arrow sticking out, buried right in
my spine. “Oh fuck…” I muttered.
“I may not be as young as I used to be…” came the voice of the devil, Baron Omatsuri
emerging from the gloom. “But I still take pride in my impeccable bowmanship. I think that
sniper of yours had a rather interesting bow, did he not? It should serve me well.”
I tried my damndest to crawl my way to turn and face him, to try and cast a kido or
something. The man scoffed. “Don’t bother. I laced that arrow with a special toxin. You’ll be
unconscious and perfectly docile soon. Just long enough for my Lily to begin to enjoy the
meal.” He chuckled evilly, and as my consciousness faded away, the last thing I heard was
the tinkling laughter of that shitty flower joining him.

~BtWwG~

…

…what… What is this…?

…

…I can’t… move… can’t… see…

…

Hurts… everything hurts…

…

Luffy… someone… anyone… Help me… HELP US…!

~BtWwG~

“If you don’t hurry, there won’t be anyone left.”
“STOP IT! GUM-GUM—!”
Once again, came the sound of an arrow pinning his limb to a rock. And this time, it was
followed by the sound of his knees hitting the ground.
“Since you can’t see, I’ll tell you: the man with the phallic nose, the poison woman, and the
man with that blasted ring; all just died.”
“USOPP! REIJU! EVAN!”
“NO!” Medaka screamed, struggling in her father’s arms. “I-It’s not true! Evan’s not dead!
He’s not!”
Zios keened loudly, his cries echoing across the island. He likely wasn’t alone, as many other
residents were probably in a similar state for their hero.
“Please, please, don’t let him be dead!” Medaka pleaded desperately. Rivers of tears
streaming down her face. “God or something, please save them! Don’t let this happen again!
Please, not again!!”
Herring simply kept holding on to her, silently crying his own tears and making his own pleas
as he tried to console his daughter.

~BtWwG~

…

ping!

You have earned an Item Roll!

…

No response from host. Initiating Wakefulness Protocols.

…

No response from host. Initiating Full Waveform Scan.

…

ALERT! Host life in danger! Initiating Emergency Protocol: Death Saving Throw.
Assembling new list from selections closely related to host current abilities.
Initiating autoroll… rolling…

Result…

~BtWwG~

The rain of arrows finally stopped, and ‘Straw Hat’ Luffy stayed still upon the battlefield.
Everything was covered in arrows, and it looked like a war had just occurred.
The man himself had his back positively littered with arrows. He was also hit multiple times
in his arms and legs. For lack of a better term, Luffy now looked like a human porcupine. He

wheezed as he desperately attempted to get air into his lungs, and he coughed up a dangerous
amount of blood. His eyes were rolled back, and he didn’t appear to be seeing anything. Hell,
his rubber body was probably the only reason he was still alive right now.
“Have you had a glimpse of what I have endured?” the Baron asked coldly, staring at the
dying young man.
Luffy could only give another wheeze in response, more blood leaking from his mouth.
However, somehow, he didn’t fall. Somehow he managed to stay on his feet.
“Don’t lose!” Daisy of the Tearoom ‘Pirates’ screamed desperately. “Mr. Reindeer and the
others are calling for you! They’re saying, ‘Luffy, you can do it!’, They're cheering for you!
So… so don’t lose!”
Luffy looked up, and focused on the twisted plant that had taken his crew. Then slowly, but
surely, the rubberman began to move. Clicking and clacking echoed through the air. The
sound of the arrows as they knocked against each other, moved against metal… against bone.
“Huh?!” Daisy suddenly exclaimed. “Wh-What is that… scary laughter?”
“What?” Rose asked curiously. “What do you mea—?”
Then suddenly, and without warning, the Lily Carnation began to screech in what seemed to
be pain, thrashing about.
“Ah?! Lily? Lily, what’s wrong?!” Omatsuri asked in concern.
Then, a bulge began moving along the grotesque length of the horrid plant, until the Lily
Carnation then spat it up, the mass crashing down a short distance away. The mass was
revealed to be a person, now on their hands and knees… and holding a massive cleaversword.
“EVAN!” Soundbite cried out in relief. “You’re still alive!”
The snail didn’t get a response like he expected. He swore he heard the young man…
chuckling? Though it sounded… off.
“E-Evan?”
The chuckling grew into louder laughter, Evan's voice seeming to have an odd… echo-y
effect. His reiatsu was also leaking out, and it felt… wrong.
“You...” Omatsuri faltered. “Something’s different. You’re not the same fool I took down
earlier. Who are you?”
“...what’s my name?” ‘Evan’ replied teasingly. “Well, that’s a loaded question, due to a
multitude of possible answers. But for the sake of simplicity, I’ll just say…” He finally
looked up, revealing some kind of odd growth on the right side of his face that resembled half
a mask, made of some kind of white, bone-like substance… and his eyes, now golden yellow

with black sclera. “I AIN’T GOT A NAME! WHOO-HAHAHAHAHA! WHOOHAHAHAAAA!!”
“Uh-oh…” Soundbite griped worriedly. “This can’t be good…”
‘Evan drew back Zangetsu, the blade glowing with power. “Piercing Heaven!” he cried,
casting the attack directly at the Baron.
“Holy…!” The bastard’s eyes widened, and he and Lily just barely managed to dodge the
attack. “What the hell is going on?!” Omatsuri demanded.
“You unleashed something you shouldn’t have, asshole!” ‘Evan replied gleefully. “And
now with me here, your little horror show is doomed! WHOO-HAHAHAHAAAA!!”
The Baron seethed, but then he started, and turned toward Lily, who seemed to be whispering
in his ear. Then the man grinned. “Ohh… that sounds like an excellent plan, Lily.” Omatsuri
turned back to ‘Evan’. “It seems Lily managed to keep a portion of whatever strange energy
you’ve started using. So now, if you come for us… who will protect the others there?” He
pointed at the onlookers.
As he did, not far from them, the air seemed to… rip open. From out of the blackness of
those tears in reality, came strange creatures in white masks, similar to the one on ‘Evan’s’
face. They let out soul-rumbling roars, looking at the group in naked hunger.
“Ahhhhhh!” Rick cried out in fear. “Monsters! He made monsters!”
‘Evan’ just chuckled. “Nah, man. He made Hollows.” Then he grinned madly. “That dumb
fuck just made me lunch.”
With that, ‘Evan’ launched himself toward the growing group of Hollows, laughing. A
quickly cast Getsuga Tenshou sent most of them flying, leaving one injured one on its back.
He sank his sword into its shoulder and the ground to keep it from moving, then sat on top of
it. “Thanks for the meal!” ‘Evan’ spoke, then began to inhale fiercely. However, nothing
seemed to happen. He stopped, wondering why his Gonzui wasn’t working, then frowned,
and sank his teeth into the Hollow. ‘Evan’ immediately recoiled, snarling in anger.
“No wonder they all felt wrong to my senses…” he uttered irately. “It’s a fake… they’re
all fucking fakes!” He then ripped his sword forward and up, through the head of the trapped
Hollow.
‘Evan’ then turned and cut down another Hollow that tried to attack out of his sight line. He
then leapt into the fray that had been forming. The Hollows, fake or not, didn’t have nearly
enough power to stand against Evan… or whatever he’d become. And the prospect of
numbers seemed to matter just as much. He cut them down with Getsuga Tenshou, he ran
them through with Shishin, he crushed them with fist and foot, he simply cut down every one
that tried to attack. None got past him. The entire time, ‘Evan’ laughed like a feral madman,
relishing in the slaughter of the unnatural creatures.

Then all of a sudden, the Hollows that remained and the Garganta they were spawning
from… vanished.
‘Evan’ blinked in confusion. “The hell…?”
“AH! LILY! AH, LILYYYYY!” came the Baron’s cry. ‘Evan’ turned and saw that the
disgusting plant creature had been rendered a pile of fluids and gore on the ground, the clear
culprit being Papa Tearoom, wielding Omatsuri’s discarded bow. The Baron could only
watch in horror as his precious necromantic flower died in its own fluids.
Like the Hollows, all the rest of the everything created by the Lily Carnation had
disappeared, like the Baron’s crew cheering in the distance, and all the arrows as well,
including the ones embedded in Luffy. The rubberman stumbled for a moment, his wounds
beginning to open and bleed.
“Y-Y-YES! YES YES FUCKING YES! PAPA TEAROOM DID IT! THE PLANT’S A PILE
OF GUTS! AND —what the—! I CAN HEAR EVERYTHING NOW—AND THE
ARROWS ARE GONE! DISAPPEARED! LUFFY, DON’T FALL OVER YET!”
Instantly, ‘Evan’ reached out with his Pesquisa, and upon feeling Nami, and all the rest of the
crew, alive and well, he visibly relaxed.
The Baron was on his knees as he picked up the pieces of Lily’s remains. “How could this
happen to you?” he asked brokenly, openly weeping.
Truly, now everyone could see the Baron for the pitiful, broken bastard that he was. A far cry
from the great pirate he once was. His mind and soul had long since been eaten away by
grief. The only thing that had likely kept him alive all this time was the constant illusion he’d
entrapped himself in. With that gone, he was all alone in the world, with nothing left.
“But now, Muchigoro… my crew… my friends…” the Baron mourned, tears continuing to
pour from his blank eyes as he held the Lily’s remains close. His expression shifted from
grief to rage as he turned toward the onlooker group.
Brief and the Tearoom Crew stared at Omatsuri. They neither looked triumphant, nor angry,
nor sympathetic. It was honestly impossible to read what they were feeling. If anything, they
just looked exhausted.
“Unforgiveable… UNFORGIVABLE! I’LL—!”
A loud splash drew everyone’s attention. Omatsuri gasped in horror as Luffy appeared. His
eyes were white with rage and hatred, teeth bared like a wild beast. Never had Luffy been
seen to be this fierce. Even with Arlong, or Crocodile, or Eneru, his eyes hadn’t been like
this.
He gave a fierce roar and swung his arm, with a single mighty punch, he decked the Baron
square in the face, shattering his skull. Omatsuri flew back, tumbling for a few seconds
before coming to a stop. His anger spent, Luffy collapsed to the ground like a broken toy.

“Straw Hat!” Brief and the Tearooms called out, running to Luffy’s side.
Luffy paid little attention to them. He continued to stare at the defeated Baron, who was
staring blankly at the night sky.
“Muchigoro… Keroji… DJ… Kotetsu… my friends… please don’t go…” Omatsuri pleaded
brokenly. “Please… don’t leave me alone. Without you… I am… I am…” He gave one last
wheeze, and he went limp on the ground, breathing his last.
“...He’s dead.” Soundbite said firmly. “The Baron. HE’S DEAD.”
“Tch. Don’t be ridiculous, snail…” ‘Evan’ muttered. ‘That poor bastard died a long
fuckin time ago. All Caps did was put him out of his misery.”
“Straw Hat, are you okay?” Brief asked in concern, kneeling at Luffy’s side.
Luffy coughed up some blood, but his gaze didn’t leave the Baron’s corpse. All his previous
anger had subsided, and he stared at the remains of the veteran pirate blankly. “Brief… the
Baron…”
“He’s gone now.” Brief assured him gently. “He’ll never destroy another crew ever again,
thanks to you.”
“Hi… His crew…” Luffy murmured, struggling to catch his breath. “Are… are they on… the
island…?”
Brief gave Luffy a confused look. “What do you mean?”
“There is a large graveyard on this island.” Papa Tearoom spoke up. “That must be where the
Baron buried his crew long ago.”
Luffy took several deep breaths. “Please… bury him… with his crew…”
Everyone stood around in shock, completely taken aback by his request.
“STRAW HAT?!” Brief exclaimed.
“ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!” Soundbite raged.
“After everything he’s done?” Papa Tearoom asked in disbelief. “Why would you do such a
thing?”
“He… was alone in life.” Luffy said softly, still breathing hard. “He… he shouldn’t be…
alone in death. No one… deserves to be alone…”
His words gave everyone pause. “Luffy…” Soundbite said in awe.
“Tch… damn rubbery bleeding heart…” ‘Evan’ scoffed, rolling his eyes. At the same
time, a ghost of a smile came over his face. Even after all the mental anguish he’d caused,

Luffy was willing to give Baron Omatsuri a proper burial, to let him be with his crew again.
The rubber-brained moron was a great man, and a kind soul.
“Straw Hat…” Brief muttered, tears welling in his eyes.
“Let… him be with his… crew.”
The Tearoom Crew and Brief exchanged looks. “Mister Reindeer, Mister Doggy, and Miss
Fox were right about you.” Daisy remarked happily. “You are a great man.”
Suddenly, ‘Evan’ felt his head swimming. “Damn… time’s up, huh?” he uttered. “Aw
well… I’ll surely have more time for fun later… heheheheheeeh…” With that, the young
man collapsed like a string-cut puppet.

Item Roll Aquired!

Hollowfication (Bleach)
You become a Hollow Hybrid like The Visored and/or Ichigo Kurosaki. You now have
access to the litany of abilities Hollows enjoy, such as High-Speed Regeneration.
However, you will not start with full control. Your powers are now represented by an
Inner Hollow, and you’ll have to deal with them to reach your full potential. Good
luck…

Chapter 38: The War...?
Evan coughed, waving away the smoke and dust that choked his lungs and obscured his
vision. Getting up on his knees, he shook the headache (or potential concussion, maybe) from
his head, and looked about again.
A veritable wasteland stretched out before him. Sheets of shattered and melted ice, pockets of
semi-cooled lava, and rubble. The bay of the Navy's mighty Headquarters, Marineford, was a
ruinous battlefield. The rest of the place was no better, either. The buildings, especially the
main pagoda, were an utter wreck. More importantly than that, however… were the sheer
number of corpses that littered the battlefield, scattered here and there. Pirate and Marine
alike, dead or actively dying. All the blood soaking the surfaces…
The Whitebeard Pirates were in full retreat, having already accomplished their goal. Portgas
D. Ace had been rescued from his execution, and now there was no point in continuing to
fight beyond covering their flight from the island. The Navy's forces, likewise, were doing
their absolute best to prevent it. And for the most part, failing at it.
Evan grabbed the katana-like form of his Bankai, Tensa Zangetsu, from where it had fallen
on the ground next to him, looking around to see where he was needed most.
"No… NO! Luffy, behind you!!" came the voice of Cross in his ear, via Soundbite, connected
over the SBS from wherever they ended up. He used his spirit senses to get a lock on the
brothers, and when he saw them… he could only look on in terror.
Luffy, kneeling on the ground, caught off guard. Sakazuki, Admiral Akainu, with his
magmatic arm drawn back in a fist, prepared to strike…
…and Ace, interposing himself between them, arms spread wide in the effort to defend his
little brother.
This was it. The Moment. The event he and Cross had done all they could to try and
prevent… only to have failed utterly. In that instant, Evan didn't think, there was no more
time.
He moved. Akainu moved.
*KRSHHHK!*
…
Sakazuki blinked in mild surprise, and likely a little bit of annoyance.
Luffy, a fresh spatter of blood on his face, looked up in sheer horror.

And Ace…
…was on the ground next to him, wearing the same expression.
Evan hacked up a mouthful of blood, as he stood there with the Admiral's magmatic arm
through his torso. In the scant instant he had to react, he used Shunpo, knocking Ace to the
ground, and took the attack meant for him.
"...Fuck…" Soundbite whispered.
"Oh god…" Cross followed. "Please, no… not like this…"
"Hmph…" Akainu huffed indifferently. "You got in my way, but all you did was change the
order you all die in."
"E-E-Evan…" Luffy wavered.
"What… what have you…?" Ace faltered.
"D-Done…?" Evan stuttered, more blood leaking from his mouth. "What… I had to… to
keep you alive… was always re-ready… to give everything… to stop… this…" He smirked.
"B'sides… already died once… how hard can it be… the second time…?"
"No… no, Evan!" Luffy screamed. "You can't die! You can't!"
"He can and he will." Akainu intoned darkly. "And you're both next." He went to pull his arm
out of Evan, but grunted in surprise when it wouldn't move. He noticed that Evan had firmly
grasped his arm, in spite of how it began to harm him. "Let go, Butcher Blade!"
"Ne-Never…" Evan spat. "Gessa… Tenbaku…!" Suddenly, Tensa Zangetsu's chain rapidly
began extending and surrounding the two of them several times, before tensing and holding
both firmly in place.
"Urrgh…!" Akainu grunted in frustration. "Why you little—!"
"Ace…" Evan wheezed. "Take… take Luffy… use your powers on… your legs like a… a
pair of thrusters. Get… a-as far away as you can. Hurry…!"
"No… no, we won't leave you!" Luffy denied desperately, struggling against Ace holding
him back from the two. "I won't abandon my crew, never!"
"You have to!" Evan shot back with equal desperation. "If you don't get away from me now,
you'll die too!"
A gasp was heard from Cross' end, as he noticed what they missed via the Visual Snails
catching the action. The scorched flesh of Evan's torso around Sakazuki's arm began to
develop growing, glowing-red cracks. Cross instantly knew what his fellow earthling was
about to do. "God damn you, Evan. God damn you." he uttered tearfully.

The man in question chuckled slightly. "He just might…"
"Evan's right, you two need to move, now! Just go, GO!"
"Tch…" Ace scoffed angrily, grabbing firm hold of his brother. "Damn iiiiit!! Kagerō Enjin
(Heat Haze Flame Thruster)!" In a flash, Ace's legs turned to pure fire, propelling the
brothers tens of meters away, to a hopefully minimum safe distance. Not quite flight, as it
was a spur-of-the-moment technique he just came up with.
Meanwhile, Akainu struggled fruitlessly against the bonds Evan had locked him in, the
effects of Gessa Tenbaku keeping his powers from working. "Grrrr…! Butcher Blade!!"
"Hey, Cross…?" Evan coughed out, the red cracks spreading further over the rest of his body.
"Do me a favor… tell Nami… tell her I'm sorry. I fucked up… I can't get back to her… like I
promised…"
Cross didn't say a word, knowing it was more likely that Nami had long since been listening
to the SBS from the beginning.
"And Luffy… don't you dare blame yourself… I chose this… just… promise me you'll get
stronger… for everyone." Evan, despite the tears spilling from his eyes, grinned wide. "Love
you guys… love you all… so much…! See ya… when I see ya."
"Damn you… what the hell are you even doing?!" Sakazuki demanded furiously.
"Isn't it obvious, blowhard?" Evan replied, looking the Admiral in the eye over his shoulder.
"I'm already a dead man… but I'm… taking you… with me!" As Akainu's eyes went wide,
Evan saw out of the corner of his eye, a trio of Marines speeding toward them. Vice
Admirals, all: Onigumo, Strawberry and Yamakaji, in fact. 'Heh, this silver lining keeps
getting better...'
Evan turned his gaze to the sky, still grinning. "I'm comin' home… Dad…" Finally, he
screamed out his last. "HADO #96: ITTO KASO (Single Blade Cremation)!!"
Just like that, a brief shockwave burst out over the battlefield, followed immediately by a
massive pillar of red fire erupting from the ground where the pair stood, taking the shape of
the tip of a katana blade. The shockwave itself knocked down all but the toughest individuals
in the battle, while also causing several unstable structures to crumble.
Eventually, the blade of flame subsided, leaving a cloud of thick smoke and patches of fire
burning on the ground. As the smoke began to clear, no matter how the individuals of the
suddenly-still battlefield looked, there was no sign of the five who were consumed by the
flames.
"I… I don't believe it…!" came the voice of Namur, Whitebeard's Division Commander,
boosted by Soundbite. "Akainu… and those three Vice Admirals… they-they're all gone!
Butcher Blade destroyed them all!"

"C'mon, c'mon, this can't be the end…" Cross muttered desperately. "Where are you, man…
you've been through just as bad as this, you can—!"
Suddenly, a patch of smoke and flame cleared away, revealing a severely charred body lying
on the ground. Next to it… was Tensa Zangetsu.
"...oh god…" Soundbite uttered brokenly. "He's… he's gone…"
"...DAMN IT." Cross sniffled. "God fucking dammit…"
Whitebeard's head was lowered, eyes shadowed. "You did good, kid…" he muttered
solemnly. "Thank you."
"No… nononono…" Luffy lamented, tears like rivers flowing off his cheeks. "Evan…!
EEEEEEVVAAAAAANN!!!"
"Fuck… FUUUCK!" Ace cursed furiously, beating a fist into the ground. "It's all my fault…
Why, dammit? Why didn't I listen to Evan and Cross when they warned me?! If I had
just listened…! Evan… I'm so sorry…!"
"Dot dot dot dot! Oh no…" went Soundbite.
"Fucking hell, what now? Could this get any worse?" Cross spoke near-tonelessly, moving to
press the switch without even thinking now.
"*KA-LICK* NOOO!!" several people jumped at the sheer volume of the exclamation from
the hysterical, familiar voice. "IT'S NOT TRUE!! HE'S NOT DEAD, HE'S NOT!!"
"Fuck, that's how…" Cross murmured fearfully. "Nami, you—!"
"SHUT THE FUCK UP, JEREMIAH CROSS!!" Nami screeched back, instantly silencing the
loudmouth. "GET UP, EVAN!! GET! UP! LUFFY, OR-ORDER HIM TO GET UP, PLEASE!"
Luffy didn't say a word, still in tears, on his hands and knees with his head grinding into the
floor.
"DARLING, GET UP! GET THE FUCK UP, DAMMIT!" Nami wailed. "YOU CAN'T BE
DEAD, YOU DUMB BASTARD! YOU CAN'T LEAVE ME LIKE THIS! YOU… you c-can't…
please…!" The young woman trailed off into broken sobs. She wasn't alone, many of the
Whitebeard Pirates and allies were tearing up, as well as the secret allies of the Straw Hats in
the Navy. Even Garp and Sengoku looked away and closed their eyes in respect.
Soundbite gasped. "God, no… please be a mista—!"
Then suddenly, and without warning, a patch of the battlefield between the brothers and
ground zero… erupted. A large mass of magma emerged, reforming into a familiar form.

"No… no, no, come on!" Cross protested furiously. "After all that… after all that, HE'S
STILL ALIVE?!"
Alive, certainly… yet not unscathed. His Admiral's coat, hat, gloves and suit jacket were long
gone, with his pants and Hawaiian-pattern shirt tattered and burned. His body showed a
fading black sheen, and there was a pressure emanating from the man that began subsiding.
Meaning he must've used Armament Haki infused with his Conqueror's Haki in desperation.
There were several burn scars on his exposed skin, including one on his face that had sealed
his right eye shut.
"Fucking… filthy… pirate bastard…!" Akainu bit out angrily as he stalked forward, arm
regaining a magma coating. "Thought you could… stop me? You. Didn't. Stop. SHIT!"
The shock of everything, the high emotion, must've been what stayed Ace and Luffy's feet,
because instead of running like they should have, they were frozen in place. Ace ignited his
arm, fury written on his face, hoping to do something to keep the Admiral back.
"Someone… someone do something!" Cross begged desperately. "Anyone! Stop him! Please!"
A towering stream of water appeared, being guided out of the ocean by none other than Jinbei
himself. "Kairyu Ipponzeoi!" he shouted, sending the high speed stream of water barreling
toward the Magma man. It hit, pushing the Admiral back somewhat as well as creating a
steam cloud. Jinbei prepared a mighty blow as he began to descend. "Samegawara Sei—!"
Before he could complete his attack, a magmatic fanged doghead rapidly emerged from the
steam cloud, slamming directly into Jinbei. It sent him flying away, yelling out in pain as it
scorched his flesh. The steam cloud dissipated, revealing Akainu with his magma fist
extended. "Inugami Guren." he intoned darkly, resuming his forward pace.
*SLAM*
Back at the ruins of the execution platform, Vice-Admiral Garp found himself firmly pinned
to the floor by his friend and superior, Fleet Admiral Sengoku.
"Just what are you thinking, Garp?" Sengoku demanded.
"...I'm thinking it'd be better for everyone if you let me up, Sengoku." Garp growled out. "At
least then, I'll make sure the lava brat lives through what I do to him. But if he kills my
grandkids… you best be ready to keep me here forever, cause I'll chase that bastard to the
ends of the world to kill him!!"
"God damn it, Garp…!" Sengoku cursed, actually beginning to struggle in holding him.
Whitebeard clearly wanted to intervene, but he was waylaid by too many opponents in his
way, as well as his own condition. As Akainu got closer and closer to the two brothers,
Nami's desperate, heartbroken voice sounded out once again. "Please, please get up, Evan!
Please be alive! You have to be! Luffy and Ace are going to die! They need you! I NEED
YOU! EVAAAN!!"

"Now, Son of Roger, Son of Dragon…" Sakazuki growled, magmatic arm reared back to
strike. "For the sake of this world… hold still, and die!"
*KSHOOOOOOM!*
Out of nowhere, a massive pillar of red-tinged black energy erupted from ground zero of the
Itto Kaso. Accompanying it… was an unbelievable pressure, heavier and more potent than
even when Tensa Zangetsu had been released. A majority of the battlefield fell to the ground,
unable to do so much as breathe, and even the strongest of the strong were struggling to stay
on their feet.
Akainu slowly turned, taking in the sight that had everyone's attention. Standing where the
energy pillar had burst, was a terrifying form—towering, broad-shouldered, and impossibly
dense with muscle. His skin bone white, and textured like something that has known both fire
and battle, with veins and scars traced across his body. He was now wearing only the pants
from his former outfit… and had a noticeable, smooth hole in his chest.
From his brow rose two long horns, curving upward, with a crown of black flames flickering
between them. His chocolate-brown hair had lengthened, hanging in thick, rough strands
around his face and shoulders. His face seemed to be fused with a bone-like mask, with large
visible sharp teeth, and eyes like deep black pits. His right arm was seemingly normal,
clutching Tensa Zangetsu in an unyielding grip. But the other… appeared to sport an
oversized stone-like hand, huge and blocky, its surface cracked and weathered like ancient
rock.
"Oh holy shit…" Cross uttered in horror. "Evan…he's… fully Hollowfied…"
The entire battlefield was stock still, staring at the new demonic form of the pirate who had
sacrificed his life. None more than Sakazuki himself. Looking close, one could see the man
shaking slightly. He was feeling an emotion that a pirate hadn't made him feel in a long, long
time.
FEAR.
Just then, 'Evan' took a deep breath… and let out a bone-chilling roar. If fear had failed to
overtake anyone at Marineford before, that sound fixed that real quick. Not to mention the
listeners of the SBS all over the world.
"C-C-Cross…?" Nami stuttered fearfully. "I-I… could this be… a good thing, maybe…?"
"Well, Nami…" Cross gulped. "On one hand, Evan's more or less alive again…"
"On the other…?"
"He's come back as a nigh-unstoppable murder machine."
"Ah…"

Suddenly, a shadow covered 'Evan', as Vice Admiral John Giant approached to attack, his
giant-sized katana raised over his head.
"I don't care what you've become, just die, you demonic bastard!" he bellowed, swinging his
blade down on the resurrected pirate.
*CLANG*
Only to gape openly as 'Evan easily caught his sword with his stony left hand, completely
unmoving even as the giant applied more pressure. Then, 'Evan' clenched that hand,
effortlessly shattering John Giant's sword, sending the Vice Admiral stumbling over with the
sudden lack of resistance.
*SHWANG* *THUNK*
Putting him in just the right position for 'Evan' to swing Tensa Zangetsu, and behead the
giant.
"...To hell with this." Kizaru grumbled. "I'm sick of the bullshit these damned Straw Hats
keep bringing." With that, he vanished in a flash of light, reappearing in an instant behind
'Evan', and lashed out with his signature lightspeed kick.
*THWAP*
If any activity on the battlefield had resumed since Evan's sudden resurrection, it came to a
screeching fucking halt as everyone in Marineford, and every man, woman and child
watching via the SBS, froze up in sheer disbelief.
Borsalino, his eyes like saucers behind his shades, slowly turned his head to look behind
him…
…at 'Evan', who had caught his leg from behind.
"Holy fuck… I-I just… did-did anyone even see him move?" Cross questioned.
It spoke volumes that not one person could answer him.
'Evan'... no, The Demon, let out a chilling laugh at Kizaru. The Admiral started. "Don'—!"
The Demon squeezed, reducing the man's leg from flesh and bone, to flesh and powder,
making him yell in pain. This was followed by the Hollowfied man proceeding to swing
Borsalino around like a rag doll, slamming him repeatedly into the ground, ending with one
last almighty crash.
Kizaru, dazed, looked up, and saw The Demon forming a ball of red energy in front of his
face. He panicked, still unable to escape with his mangled leg in The Demon's clutches. "No,
no wait, plea—!"

*VWOOM*
The Cero launched and immediately exploded upon the helpless Admiral, a huge, red,
spherical explosion engulfing both men. Eventually, the smoke began to clear, and The
Demon walked out… but not Borsalino.
"ICE BLOCK: STARK-RAVING PHEASANT BEAK!" Aokiji belted out, unleashing
a massive version of his signature icy bird attack at the Hollowfied Evan. The Demon barely
spared it a glance, before lashing out with a strong slash towards the ice construct.
The Stark-Raving Pheasant Beak unceremoniously split in half, falling to either side of the
divide. Kuzan, meanwhile, began to collapse forward, a gash in his torso even worse than the
one Mihawk had once given to Zoro that nearly divided him in two.
Akainu, seemingly coming to his senses from observing his colleagues' downfall, charged
forward, his arm turning to magma and his hand in a claw-thrust position. "MEIGOOO!" he
screamed, aiming to take The Demon's head off.
He wouldn't get the chance, as The Demon turned and caught the magmatic attack with his
left hand, completely unaffected. As Sakazuki looked on in horror, The Demon proceeded to
crush that hand to red paste, making his next scream one of agony.
It was quickly cut off as The Demon grabbed the Admiral by the face with the same hand,
and he turned and bodily threw him hard, toward the base of the Marineford pagoda,
embedding him in it. Following through, The Demon charged up a Cero even bigger than the
one used on Kizaru, then fired it as a beam, dragging it up the length of the tower. The instant
it stopped, the entire tower erupted in a massive fiery explosion.
"Sweet mother of shit…" Soundbite quavered. "He just game-ended all three Admirals…"
"Holy fuck, dude…" Ace goggled.
Just then, The Demon turned a glare upon the rest of the combatants on the battlefield. He
reared back, and let off a massive Getsuga Tenshou, sending it into the mix of Marines and
pirates, ending in a massive explosion of reishi. He followed this up by pointing his huge left
fist at the throng of fighters, and firing a series of Bala that, while weaker than his Cero
attacks, were supremely faster and still devastating.
"Welp… his ability to identify friend from foe is sure as hell shot." Cross gulped. "He may be
taking out a lot on our side, but at least he's mainly devastating the Navy's forces, eh?"
"You may not be so happy about that soon, Cross…" Soundbite swallowed, his usual voice
mix suddenly absent. "Those attacks just now… Smoker, Tashigi, Coby, Hina, T-Bone…
they're dead."
"...what…?"

"Hell, even Jonathan is barely clinging to life right now."
"Forget what I said, this needs to stop, now! EVAN, WAKE UP! THAT'S ENOUGH!"
"EVAN!" Luffy joined in. "STOP! STOP FIGHTING! THAT'S AN ORDER!"
The Demon didn't even flinch, he just continued attacking the rest of the battlefield, no matter
if they were after him or not.
"Can he not hear us anymore?" Cross asked.
"He should! I'm sending our voices directly into his ears!" Soundbite replied.
"DARLING, PLEASE! YOU'VE DONE IT, NOW STOP!" Nami chimed in. "STOP
FIGHTING AND COME BACK TO ME! COME BACK!!"
For a scant moment, The Demon paused. Then he continued his slaughter anyway.
"Not even me…?"
"Oh, we're fucked." Cross sighed.
Meanwhile, elsewhere on the battlefield, one man was absolutely taking the mickey. He was
laughing loudly and shamelessly at the events. "This is incredible! FUFUFUFUFUFU! The
chaos! The heartbreak! The betrayal! Now this is entertainment! FUFUFUFUFUUUU!"
The Demon, seeming to overhear, instantly snapped his gaze onto the feather-boa'd freak. In
a blink, he moved in Sonido directly in front of the Heavenly Yaksha, the Hollowfied man
getting right in his face.
Doflamingo blinked, then grinned evilly. "Oohh? You sure you wanna mess with me, Butcher
Blade? After all, you wouldn't wanna see your precious friends get hurt, right?" While he
spoke, the Warlord flexed his fingers, weaving strings that quickly attached to The Demon.
This, however, was a mistake.
The instant the strings of the Parasite technique attached, The Demon used them like a
landline, sending a 'signal' back at Doflamingo, a direct onrush of Hollow reiatsu that hit the
Warlord like a dose of Yonko-rank Conqueror's Haki on meth. Unprepared for such an attack,
Doffy could only fall to his knees, shaking in fear and unable to counter with his own CQ.
"Curse you…" he choked out through clenched teeth. "Wh-What kind of monster are you?!"
That horrid laugh from earlier left The Demon's maw, and he reached out and clutched the
Warlord's head in his massive left fist. He began to squeeze, and slowly, but surely,
Donquixote Doflamingo's screams of agony ended as his head was crushed like an overripe
melon, the headless corpse collapsing to the side.

"...Well then… silver linings, I guess…" Cross murmured.
Suddenly, as The Demon's gaze snapped over his shoulder, a green-hued slash screamed by,
taking his right arm clean off, the severed limb holding his Zanpakuto falling to the ground.
Approaching at speed, Dracule Mihawk had Yoru reared back over his shoulder, roiling with
another attack prepared by the World's Greatest Swordsman. "After seeing your new skills, I
had hoped for an opportunity to duel you properly! But that will have to wait until you are
back to your senses!"
*SHA-CLAAANG*
Mihawk's signature hawk-like eyes went wide, as that damned stone fist once again stopped a
sword-strike cold, this time from a much stronger opponent. Then his jaw dropped as he
observed some fluidic white substance emerge from the stump of The Demon's severed arm,
rapidly reforming into a new arm, which Tensa Zangetsu leapt back into.
The Demon then strongly threw Yoru, and Mihawk with it, into the distance. He lashed out
with another strike, sending a Getsuga Tenshou toward the swordsman, which struck him in
the back too fast for him to spin around and counter. The man hit the ground, severely
wounded but clearly alive.
A war cry had The Demon spin around, beholding Garp soaring through the air toward him,
fist inundated with his Conqueror's Armament. "GALAXY… IMPACT!!"
The Demon let out a roar of his own, giant fist rearing back and writhing with Hollow Reishi.
The two fists clashed, just barely not touching as two Wills collided. After several suspensefilled moments, the very air itself seemed to crack apart, a massive shockwave rushing across
the entire battlefield as both attacks cancelled each other out. As Garp landed on his feet, The
Demon began charging up another Cero, and unleashed it upon the Vice Admiral.
Predictably, the old man managed to catch the crimson sphere of doom as if it were any old
cannonball. However, before Garp could get the Cero under control, The Demon followed up
with a powerful downward swing from Tensa Zangetsu, releasing a colossal Getsuga
Tenshou that slammed into the Hero of the Marines, carrying him and the ball of death
backwards into a Buddha-form Sengoku, interrupting the Fleet Admiral's prepared palm
thrust, and getting both men caught in the titanic explosion of both attacks, leaving the two in
a smoking, groaning heap.
The Demon's head snapped back up, and his stone-like fist became wreathed in reishi once
more, as he turned to face Whitebeard himself, the Yonko's own fist glowing with the power
of his Quake Quake Fruit. The two attacks collided, and it seemed like it was going to be
another stalemate like with Garp.
"Grrrrr…" Newgate growled with effort. "Tectonic… SHIFT!"
With that declaration, Whitebeard's fist glowed ever brighter, as every last ounce of his Devil
Fruit's power was concentrated on it. Cracks spread through the air around the two in all

directions, further and further, until finally, they near-instantly retracted, and an explosion of
power spread from the contact point over half the battlefield, bowling over everyone still
standing.
When things were visible again, everyone saw The Demon staggered, his mighty left arm
mangled to hell and back. Whitebeard followed up with a great thrust from his
Murakumogiri, impaling The Demon upon the massive naginata. Unworriedly, as he'd clearly
noticed the high-speed regeneration earlier.
"Snap out of it, brat!" Newgate called out. "Can't you hear your loved ones calling out to
you?! Your Captain! Your wife! If the rest of the Straw Hats were here, they'd be calling to
you too. Just stand down, Evan… you've done enough damage…" He was right, the entire
time this horror show had been going on, Evan's name was being called over and over in a
seemingly fruitless effort to make him stop.
The Demon, aside from the rise and fall of his chest from breathing, was still. Everyone
looked on with hope as it seemed like Whitebeard had finally gotten through to the young
man and quelled the beast. Then, The Demon began dragging himself forward along
Murakumogiri… until he reached up with his regenerated left arm, firmly grasping the
Yonko's own arm in an unbreaking grip.
Next, he began charging another Cero, this one growing larger and larger than even the one
used on Akainu. Whitebeard reared back with his free fist, ready to Quake the Hollowfied
rookie pirate halfway into the planet's crust to stop him. But not fast enough. The Demon's
overcharged Cero went off point-blank in Edward Newgate's face, the beam of doom utterly
vaporizing the head of Ace's captain—

~BtWwG~

"BWAAHHAA!"
I burst bolt-upright in cold sweat, panting like I'd just ran a whole ass Quintathalon. I nearly
flinched as I felt myself get embraced by a familiar, voluptuous form.
"Evan! It's okay!" Nami said in a reassuring tone. "It's okay. You're okay. I'm right here.
You're safe."

"Na-Nami?" I stammered, looking about, reminding myself where I was. In bed with my
lover, in my Magi-Tent onboard the Going Merry. It was about a day after we'd set off from
Omatsuri Island.
"Thank God…" Nami sighed. "You were having a nightmare. A bad one, at that. You were
nearly thrashing about, groaning and all. I kept shaking you and trying to call your name to
wake you."
"Ah… right…" I nodded, still trying to get my heartrate back down from 'Jackrabbit' status.
"Thank you, Sweetheart… I…"
"What's wrong?" she coaxed, keeping herself wrapped around my torso. "Was it… that thing
you mentioned? That… Hollow power you just got recently?"
I nodded silently, swallowing. "Yeah… lost control… turned into a monster… no, a devil.
Slaughtering people… wonton destruction… awful."
"It's over now." she soothed, holding me a bit tighter, her head resting on my shoulder. "It's
alright, Darling. It was just a nightmare."
"Was it?" I breathed. "It's not like it's a complete fantasy. Becoming that… thing… it could
actually happen."
Nami sighed. "Then we'll deal with it if it ever happens. All of us. Together. 'Kay?"
"...yeah." I agreed, leaning into her embrace. Regardless, I knew for sure, I would need to
deal with this issue sooner rather than later…

So then, here's a couple references for Evan's Resurreccion appearance. The face/mask, and
the rest of the body.
Still, I hate to disappoint y'all, but the only reason I was able to do regular Friday posts is due
to A) Resuming writing before this one was caught up, and B) Getting on a roll with my
muse for once. Hell, I only just finished this chapter and showed it to Xenvic for Beta-ing
last night. Regularly scheduled posts are sadly done with. Here on out, chapters will get
posted when they're done.
I shouldn't take terribly much longer. I'm gonna stick to the shorter 4 to 5k word chapters for
the most part, only going for the bigger, TB!sized monsters when absolutely neccessary.
LLaP
SM

Chapter 39: The Not-So-Little Frog That Could (Do The Front
Crawl)
It had been a couple of days since we left… that island, and while our loss at the hands of
Aokiji was still fresh in the crew's minds, we were Straw Hats, dammit. We were
absolutely not gonna let that keep us down. Aside from Robin's quiet reading and Luffy's
casual relaxation on his Special Seat, every one of us was still training to get stronger to face
the coming challenges.
Usopp had finally managed to finish Nami's Perfect Clima-tact, and she'd given the staff's
abilities only a cursory confirmation before she did a brief test vs Donny. It seems the new
form was even better for her bojutsu than a traditional staff. Then the two staff wielders had
joined me for a trip to the Ripatorium to really blow off some steam. We would eventually
return for a break from the high-octane, undiluted violence of the sim-chamber.
Conis used her Cross-borrowed wardrobe's extra storage space to the fullest, ensuring she
would be able to wield a veritable armory worth of weapons at all times. Mikey had taken to
that pair of the pistols he'd acquired pretty well, too. Vivi and Carue took turns sparring with
Raphey, the Alabastans having shown fast improvement since we left their home.
Sanji, spurred on by his and Zoro's rivalry, had managed to figure out Tempest Kick, though
the stability of the wind blade failed after a short distance, so it wasn't ready quite yet. The
chef was continuously firing it off the edge of the Merry, making longer and deeper fissures
in the ocean as he went. Zoro himself had mentioned his Asura technique was at a
satisfactory level, and was now training in the Iron Body technique, which Leo was helping
via slamming his fists into the swordsman's torso over and over again. With Zoro barely
flinching at the impacts, and Leo's apparently aching flippers, he was making good progress.
Boss, meanwhile, was the only one not suffering from reduced space, testing his new
Thermal Dart against the local marine life. It kept Luffy happy with every scorched and
skewered fish (and occasional adolescent Sea King) he retrieved. Seems the Monster Trio
might become a Quartet sometime soon. Or… Quintet, with me in the picture? Eh, who
knows. At any rate, Chopper had busied himself with expanding his chemical arsenal in
Storage, while also seeing if he could tone down Monster Point if it were ever needed. Reiju
was also giving him a hand, while working on her own poisons in the process, with Chopper
consulting.
Cross had been hung by his boots from Merry's mast, a well-sized weight hanging from his
armored wrists, all by Zoro. His training was now diverted to his core muscles, due to his
limbs still in the process of healing. Usopp was busying himself practicing the Shave
technique, moving back and forth across the ship while dodging everyone else's training
sessions. It was secondary, however, as he appeared to be looking for something.
"Where is it, where is it, where is it…" the sniper muttered, Carue and Raphey quickly
changing direction to avoid skewering him. "Damn it! It keeps coming and going!"

"Hey, Usopp!" Cross spoke up, eyebrow cocked. "Just a suggestion, but I recommend that
you work on your situational awareness next."
"Huh?" Usopp came to a dead stop, looking up at the Commie. "How come?"
Cross' expression went flat. "Because you're currently standing on Mikey's head."
"Eh?" he glanced down in surprise. "Huh. So I am."
Several of us paused their training just long enough to facepalm. I fought down my snorts of
amusement.
"Dude…" Mikey growled, flippers hovering near his pistols. "I respect you, but if you don't
get off me soon, I'm gonna throw you off! And I mean the Merry!"
Usopp hastily complied, scrambling toward the other end of the ship.
"But seriously, Usopp, what are you muttering about?" Sanji asked irritably, switching his
attention from the ocean to him.
"Wha—? Oh right, I never said… see, I can hear some kinda weird sound coming from
somewhere on the ship. I don't know what it is, but it's really distracting me from finishing
my upgrades!"
"And Soundbite isn't helping you with that because…?" Nami asked.
"Because he's focusing on training even more than Zoro is." Cross grit out, curling upwards.
"Why not just put in earplugs or something?" Conis asked curiously.
"I tried that, but it's not going away! Just listen!"
Several of the crew sighed, but everyone paused to listen anyway. For a moment, nothing.
Then I caught it, clear as day: wood scraping against wood, like two planks rubbing together.
Irritating… and why did it remind me of something?
"Well, now that you draw attention to it…" Cross trailed off.
"Great, now it's gonna be stuck in my head all day!" Nami griped, finger digging in her ear.
"See?" Usopp began. "So, maybe you guys could help me find—"
"Hey guys, look!" Luffy called out. "A frog doing the front crawl!"
Just like that, everyone's attention swapped to looking where Luffy pointed; sure enough,
there was Yokozuna, swimming in the front crawl not too far from us.

"Huh, that is a frog doing the front crawl." Cross noted casually.
"I'm impressed that a frog can even do the front crawl." Donny commented, head tilted.
"Anyone else curious about where the frog doing the front crawl is going?" Vivi asked.
"I'm more curious about why the frog is doing the front crawl." Reiju shrugged.
"To get where the frog doing the front crawl wants to go, why else?" I added dryly, the
pinkette giving a nod.
"Maybe the frog is—!"
"Okay, this gag's lived long enough." Su deadpanned.
"What gag, COTTONTAIL?" Soundbite said, finally rejoining us.
"The one where everyone's repeating 'the frog do—' OH, NO YOU DON'T!" she snapped.
"SO CLOSE!"
Cross then called to get let down, and informed everyone that Yokozuna's appearance was the
sign that training time was over. Now it was time to prep for landing at Water 7, and follow
that frog. The dugongs got to towing, and Merry began following Yokozuna at a respectable
clip. However this seemed to result in an unmistakable groaning sound from the deck beneath
us.
I saw Cross hastily jog to the figurehead, and rubbed her neck. "Just a little further, Merry,
just a little more…" I heard him muttering reassuringly. "As soon as we reach the next island,
you'll be in the hands of the world's best shipwrights, I promise that it won't be long now." He
leaned his forehead against the whitewashed wood, with closed eyes and a grim smile. "I
swear… I'm going to do everything that I can to keep my word."
"...!"
"Ngh!" I stumbled in shock. A rush of sheer emotion emanated from Merry, though not quite
on a level the others could detect, besides Cross, at the center of it. The many feelings that
brief pulse conveyed… fear, sadness, depression, misery, anger… guilt and regret.
"What… Merry…?" I muttered, confused.
"Hey, Cross!" Boss called out, distracting me for the moment, returning to the deck to speak
to our Commie. "There's a line of buoys floating in the water, and something really weird
floating beyond that, and the front-crawl frog's gettin on it! Should we follow?"
Just as Cross went to open his mouth, he was interrupted by a loud—
*WOOOT WOOOOOOOT*

"WOAH!" / "HOLY SHIT!" / "WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?!"
Enter: The Puffing Tom. A marvel of this world's engineering, roaring down the water-tracks
exuding speed and power all the way. I wasn't a massive fan of the steampunk genre, mind,
but I appreciated it well enough. The Puffing Tom was epic, straight up.
It roared right past us, down the tracks and swiftly approaching the giga-toad positioned on
the rails, his palm extended in challenge.
"STOP, PUFFING TOM!" Yokozuna cried out in the voice of Arnold Schwarzenegger.
*THWACK*
"GAH! DAMN IT!"
Only to be unceremoniously swatted aside into the drink, the sea train not even slowing
down, vanishing over the horizon in seconds, leaving only a pillar of steam visible behind it.
"Huh." I spoke, standing next to the loudmouth duo. "Hell of a voice choice, there."
"I may be a cheeky BASTARD, BUT I CAN'T SPEND THIS MUCH TIME WITH THIS
CREW and mock conviction LIKE WHAT I JUST heard." Soundbite replied, shaking his
head solemnly. He then allowed himself a tentative grin. "Sides… going by
those SCARS? He'll be back."
I nodded, and Cross grinned. "Not if we have anything to say about it, he won't."
"So…" Boss started, giving a searching look. "Tragic backstory, huh? Care to share?"
"As soon as it becomes relevant, don't worry." Cross dismissed, waving him off.
"Ah, 'scuse me, question?" Lasso spoke up, paw raised. "WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT
THING?!"
"That, my dear canine compadre…" I began, grinning. "Was the sea train. The Magnum opus
and symbol of our next destination: Water 7, the ultimate shipwright hub in the Grand Line,
the world, even. That particular train, Puffing Tom, was the brainchild of one of their greatest
shipwrights; its namesake, Tom. For the record, he's the same man who built Roger's ship, the
Oro Jackson."
"SO COOL!" the Kiddy Trio and TDWS exclaimed together, they and the rest of the crew
looking in the train's departure direction with awe.
"Thank goodness…" Usopp sighed in relief, collapsing to his knees. "Now I see what you
guys meant by this being Merry's best chance, if we're headed someplace with shipwrights
like that."

Well, that turned the mood a bit solemn. Cross shook his head, and looked down at Merry's
figurehead again. "There, Merry, you hear that? Is that enough to convince you that we'll be
able to—?"
"...!!"
"GAH!" / "FUCK!" Cross and I exclaimed, the wave of emotion causing the loudmouths
unbalancing and tipping over off the forecastle to the main deck, while I went to my knees,
clutching my heart.
"(Shit fucking hell! Tell the sheep to take it easy, King, damn!)"
I blinked in shock as I heard my Inner Hollow actually speak to me for the first time.
However, I had more important shit to deal with at the moment.
"I'm… not the only one who felt that, right?" Cross groaned.
"No, Cross, you're not." Zoro replied quietly. The distinctly bothered expressions on the
others' faces, and the fact that Lassoo, Su, Carue, and the TDWS were curled up on
themselves were proof enough of that.
"I'm certain that I don't want to know the answer to this…" Robin said, uncharacteristically
shaky. "But what in the world was that?"
"That was unpleasant, was what it was!" came the voice of an older woman nearby. All
attention turned to the nearby switch station we'd somehow managed to miss. Granny Kokoro
stood there, a bottle of some kinda alcohol in hand, and a grim look having replaced her usual
perpetual smile. Her granddaughter and 'cat' lying beside her with foaming mouths and white
eyes only accentuated the term 'unpleasant'.
"You felt that too, Granny?" Cross asked quizzically, subsequently taking a dope slap from
Vivi.
"Seriously, Cross, I'd expect that kind of bluntness from Luffy, not you!" she admonished.
"Eh, don't worry about it." Kokoro shrugged with a chuckle. "Lotsa people call me Granny, I
don't mind. I like it, even! Makes me feel respected."
"Whereas you continue to be far too impulsive without considering all the facts of the
matter." Cross replied to the Princess.
"I—but—you—that—!" Vivi sputtered, before settling on giving him another smack and
marching back to Carue.
"I suppose I should introduce myself properly." the Stationmistress continued. "My name is
Kokoro. And this is my granddaughter Chimney, and our cat Gonbe. We're the caretakers of
this switch station. The reason they're both unconscious is that yes, we felt that."

'Hell, I tasted that…'
"It wasn't enough to have that snail of yours bring up some bad memories by giving
Yokozuna a voice, but then… Well, I've been in this business for a long time." She stared at
us with an expression of stone-cold sobriety. "I haven't felt a ship scream in agony for years."
"Before you potentially chastise us about pushing her past her limits," Cross hastily replied as
we properly pulled up and docked. "Believe us, we know that she's hurting. We're headed
straight for Water 7 to patch her up immediately."
Kokoro just stared curiously for a moment, before her expression contorted in grim
realization. "You don't know yet." She spoke in a far too gentle tone.
"...What do you mean, we don't know yet?" Usopp asked quietly, breaking the frozen silence
of the crew.
Kokoro sighed tiredly, then jumped from the station to the Merry's deck without effort. "I'm
sorry to tell you this," she said grimly. "But the only time a ship could be in that much agony
is if it were damaged beyond repair."
Oh fuck. That sound... it's her damn keel, isn't it? I found myself leaning on the railing for
support as I lost my strength. We thought we'd been careful enough… shows what we know.
Usopp was the first of the crew to snap out of the shock. "N-No, no! T-That, that can't be
right!" he denied. "W-We talked to her! We-We talked to Merry herself! Her Klabautermann!
S-She said that she was hurt, yeah, but that—!"
"But that she'd be able to tough it out for all your sakes?" Kokoro asked. She sighed at our
surprise, and continued. "I told you, I've been in this business for a long time. While I can't
say I've ever seen a Klabautermann myself, I've heard enough tales and seen enough ships
that had them; it's a foregone conclusion that any ship that could give off that much emotion
would be able to manifest themselves.
"I know I might not look it, but I know what I'm talking about here; your ship must have
loved you a lot to get this far, but every story I've heard went the same way: ships only show
themselves and fix themselves when they're already doomed."
"But that's not possible!" Chopper protested. "Look around! She's still in one piece, she's still
sailing!"
"Chopper…" I uttered solemnly. "A ship's keel is like our spines. Literally anything else can
be repaired or replaced. But not the keel…"
"Well said." Kokoro nodded. "I can hear the same sound you all do. That creaking… it's not
just any two planks or some random issue. That's a constant cry of pain that proves your ship,
no matter how much you love her, is already dead in the water. That is the sound… of two
halves of a keel grinding together."

My heartbeat began thundering in my ears, beginning to feel like I might slip into one of my
old life's anxiety attacks. The rest of the crew wasn't doing much better.
"You can't be serious!" Raphey finally objected. "There's no way that her keel isn't still in one
piece!"
"Yeah! We've dived under this ship more times than we care to count," Mikey asserted.
"We've never seen any damage to her keel! Just solid wood and metal plating from repair
work!"
Kokoro sighed, glancing at the dugongs. "And… have you ever looked under the plating?"
The implications of that statement san in quickly. If the plating covered the damage, then it
had happened when…
"Merry… n-no, you-you're wrong!" Cross denied emphatically, shaking his head. "M-Merry,
s-she said that she was fine, t-that she'd hold on! Y-You can't…damn it… No! Merry…" He
turned from Kokoro, struggled to his feet and stared up at the figurehead. "Merry, please, tell
her she's wrong, tell her, tell us you're as strong as ever! I-I know it's not fair to ask, but…
just for a second. Tell us she's wrong. Please."
For a few moments, there was nothing but absolute silence, stillness…
Then I felt her spirit shift, and she was just there, standing before us as a translucent spectre.
She radiated sadness, her head bowed so that the raincoat's hood hid her face. The crew
stiffened in shock, and Kokoro's bottle fell from her hand to spill on the deck.
Then… Merry spoke. Only two words.
"...I'm sorry."
She vanished just as quickly as she'd appeared. And that was the moment the more sensitive
of the Straw Hat crew lost the ability to hold their emotions back. It had been but ten minutes
after meeting Kokoro, and the entire crew sans Zoro, Sanji and Boss were stewing in misery.
Robin kept some semblance of composure, but still couldn't hold back crying. Even
Soundbite was silently sulking, tears trickling down his eyestalks. The rest of us were either
stuck deep in shock, or sobbing miserably.
I was no different, having broken down just as easily. Nami and I were holding one another
tightly, crying our eyes out. I hated this. For all my power, all my artifacts and abilities, I
couldn't do a damn thing about this. I even tried seeing if I could control my Bakudo #20:
Mokusatsu Shibari to bind wood together, in case this ever came to pass. No dice.
Cross, on the other hand…
"Damn it damn it damn it damn it!" he cursed viciously, clutching at his skull.
Has seemed to cycle from sorrow straight into rage.

"G-Granny, come on!" Usopp begged, still crying a river. "Isn't there anything we can do to
help?! A-A Devil Fruit, an ANYTHING—?!"
"There isn't." she replied, noticeably less firm than before. Nursing the last of her fallen
bottle, seeing Merry had clearly shaken her. "You think you're the first crew to ask, to love
their ship so much that they'd do anything to keep sailing with them? It's the truth; there are
no Devil Fruit powers either nearby or in the general waters that can fix this. No methods to
permanently mend a keel, no techniques to replace it, nothing. There aren't many afflictions
the world's finest shipwrights can't fix, but a cracked keel is one of them. I'm sorry, truly, but
as strong and brave as your ship is… she's done for."
*SLAM*
We jumped, and looked over to Cross as he ground his knuckles into Merry's neck-brace.
"For fuck's sakes, you stupid, stupid, stupid goat…" he spat. "What the fucking hell were
you thinking?!"
"She was thinking that she loved you." Kokoro returned, drawing a halfhearted glare from
Cross. "She was thinking that she loved you all and that if you'd known back when it
happened, you'd compromise yourselves trying to help her. And the ultimate mission of any
ship is to keep their crew safe. She wouldn't want you to sacrifice yourselves for a lost
cause."
"I… I promised her…" Cross hissed tearfully, arm quaking.
Kokoro shrugged, knocking back the last of her drink. "Sorry, but I can't help you there.
Personally, it sounds like a discussion to be had between you and your god. Or lack thereof,
anyways."
Cross stiffened as a thought seemed to occur to him, only for Soundbite to land a chomp
down on his neck.
"ARE YOU really willing to risk it?" the snail snarled around his flesh.
Cross frowned in consideration for a moment, then shook his head sadly. "Only as a last
resort, but considering the alternative? I honestly can't rule it out yet."
ping!
You have earned an Item Roll!
I straightened up in surprise, then ended up trading glances from the rest of the crew, the
unspoken understanding of what was happening, and that I would be keeping my eyes peeled
for a useful Gacha pull. I inconspicuously slipped away, out of Kokoro's line of sight. I then

checked my new list.

1. Explosive Tags (Naruto)​
2. ADAM (BioShock)​
3. Big Leaguer (Akame ga Kiru)​
4. Sheep Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
5. Malorian Arms 3516 (Cyberpunk 2077)​
6. Suitcase w/Mini Room of Requirement [Endgame] (Harry Potter)​
7. Hextech Laser (Arcane)​
8. Covenant Weapons Locker (Halo)​
9. The Long Memory (RWBY)​
10. Snake Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)​
11. The Doomblade (DOOM)​
12. Starheart (DC)​
13. Sting (Lord of the Rings)
14. Lasso of Truth (DC)​
15. Flying Carpet(Disney's Aladdin)​
16. Hashirama Cells (Naruto)​
17. Expand'o Duck (Percy Jackson)​
18. Cerberus (Final Fantasy)​
19. Gokon Tekko (Bleach)​
20. Fury-Class Interceptor (Star Wars)​

My eyes nearly bugged out of my head as I locked onto number sixteen. This… I hadn't been
sure if something like this was amongst the selection (unless I had missed it before), but I'd
sure hoped! If only I could get more details on it before I got my hopes up, though.
Unless…
"System, Description. Number Sixteen." I spoke quietly.
To my delight, a window popped up, displaying what I sought.

Hashirama Cells (Naruto)
The cultivated genetic material of Konohagakure's own First Hokage, Hashirama
Senju. Highly coveted for the possibility of providing incredible regenerative abilities,
very high stamina and chakra reserves, and most importantly, the power to use the
Wood Style Kekkei Genkai.

Usually, the cells are highly volatile, and often reject hosts who are incompatible. This
sample, however, would be more accurate to call Perfected Hashirama Cells, as
whomsoever assimilates them will be guaranteed to acquire their amazing properties.
Unfortunately, this will not grant you supreme power immediately. But with sufficient
time and practice, one can grow strong enough to rival Lord Hashirama one day.

Oh hell yeah. That is everything I could ask for. Might even be better than the Fixit Felix
Hammer idea I'd hoped for. Not completely sure how it would interact with my current
powerset when I took it. Or…
What if I didn't take it? What about Usopp? Not only would his passionate feelings for the
Merry help him figure out sooner how to manipulate the wood of her hull to fix not just the
keel, but every inch of damage… it would give him an incredible power boost. He could
probably learn to create wood constructs for sharpshooting, or something, creative as he is.
I was sure as hell convinced, so I decided to take no chances, and used all my rolls at once.
One new roll, and my five banked re-rolls, I shook and cast all six D20 constructs to the
deck, crossing my fingers and keeping my eyes shut until the sound of clacking dice stopped.
I slowly opened my eyes to check the results.

[5] Malorian Arms 3516 (Cyberpunk 2077)

Johnny Silverhand's signature sidearm. Cool gun, not useful enough.

[13] Sting (Lord of the Rings)

The LotR Fanboy in me was a little excited, but again, no.

[1] Explosive Tags (Naruto)

Getting a little frustrated now…

[4] Sheep Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)

Another to add to the collection, yaaay. Come onnn…

[8] Covenant Weapons Locker (Halo)

If I weren't looking for something more important, I'd be very interested in this. One more,
one more…

…

[17] Expand'o Duck (Percy Jackson)

As my eye twitched, I only just managed to keep my reaction internal, rather than external.
'FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!!!'
I struggled hard against my urge to throw a Bitch Fit, as I'd rather not draw extra attention.
Why, when it really counts, can I not roll shit for dick?! Does my Skeleton Key-begotten luck
just… not actually apply when it comes to the Gacha System?
…that makes more sense than I like, come to think of it.
I washed my hands of this disappointment, and simply chose the Sheep Talisman, as the more
of these I accumulate, the closer we get to having someone become a pseudo-Shendu.
I returned to the crew, who I later learned had a whole conversation about the necessity of
getting a new ship. At the moment, the mood sure seemed to have improved.
"Nagagagaga! Just like the Straw Hats, bouncing back from tragedy as easily as rubber."
Kokoro spoke, returning onto the Merry from the station, now with a pair of envelopes and
some blank pieces of paper. "These letters are addressed to Iceberg, Mayor of Water 7, and
Franky, head of Water 7's underworld. Those two are the best shipwrights you'll ever find,
and I go way back with both of 'em. Give these letters to them, and they'll build you a ship
worthy of the Pirate King. Bring some money when you go to see them, too, at least to show
you're good for it! My word'll get you in the door, but shipbuilding's still an expensive
business, no matter who's in your corner!"
She grinned at Luffy. "Between you and me, I met Roger way back when. And you're
a lot like him; I wouldn't write up letters like this for just anyone."
Well if anything managed to help alleviate the crew's depression, that did it. "Shishishi!
Thanks a lot, Granny!" Luffy said, smiling like the sun.
"Nagagagaga, don't mention it." Kokoro replied, waving us off before snapping up a finger.
"But! Know that my help doesn't come free! I want something in return." Pausing for effect,
she then held up the blank papers with a grin. "Autographs from the world's first radio stars,
one copy each for Chimney, Gonbe, and me."
"And the extras?" Cross asked, eyeing the papers.
Kokoro's grin widened impishly. "Rainy day fund! I bet that the future Pirate King's
autograph is gonna be worth something one day!"
Nami promptly facepalmed, expression aghast. "Why didn't I think of that?!"
That drew a load of unbidden chuckles from us, not to mention lifting away a lot of tension.
A few inky flourishes later -with Carue showing even he and his cohort knew calligraphy,

Soundbite signing with his bite marks, the TDWS sketching their weapons, and Lassoo and
Su leaving pawprints- and Kokoro had her stack of Straw Hat signatures.
"Nagagaga! Well, looks like I'm all set for this Christmas!" she chuckled, looking over the
papers before shooting us a salute. "Thanks a lot, you guys! Happy trails and the best of luck!
I'll see you again in a couple of days!"
She turned to leave, then paused thoughtfully before speaking up again. "Ah, by the way, I've
been meaning to ask, and now that you're all no longer so depressed about your ship…" She
trailed off, clearly thinking over what she was going to say. "How are you holding up after
Omatsuri?"
I stiffened, at the same time as Luffy responded. "What's Omatsuri?"
Kokoro turned to stare at Luffy. "You know, the island you just visited?"
"Wait, really?" Luffy said, head tilted to the side. "I thought it was called Ling Ming Rong
Island or something like that."
"That's 'Long Ring Long Island', Luffy." Nami reflexively corrected.
"Yeah, that!"
Kokoro just blinked. "You're saying you didn't go to Oma—?"
I Shunpo'd in front of her, holding a finger to her mouth to stop her question. "Don't bother." I
muttered to her. "We'll be alright, but the rest of the crew has agreed that it was all just a
collective nightmare and to forget about it."
Kokoro looked around at the crew in naked disbelief. "You… they're
denying anything happened, and believe that'll actually work?!" she muttered back.
I shrugged. "With a severe lack of therapists on the Grand Line? It's as good a plan as
anything, I suppose."
Kokoro silently worked her jaw for several seconds, before ultimately throwing her hands up
in exasperation. "Fine! A nightmare! Believe what you want! I'll see you around, Straw
Hats."
"Hey, hold on a sec, Granny." Cross spoke up hastily as Kokoro prepared to leap back off.
"Let me get you a little something extra for all this. Conis, do you have any of those pictures
left?"
A grin instantly stretched over the angel's face as she began rummaging through her pockets.
"Yes, I do." she confirmed, drawing out a familiar photograph and flicking it to the
stationmaster. "Here, Granny Kokoro. A picture of the tyrant Eneru when he fought Luffy."
Kokoro took one look at the picture of Luffy kicking Eneru in the gut and fell on her back,

laughing her head off. We all got a look as well, and the resulting laughter helped to lighten
the mood even more.
Soon enough, Kokoro disembarked the Merry, and we set out from the switch station,
following the sea train tracks towards the metropolis awaiting us not too far off, in a far better
mood than when we arrived.

Chapter 40: The City of Water
As we made our way to the crew's next port-of-call, Cross and I decided to go over a few
warnings for the general crew about the Franky Family and Iceberg. For our more in-theknow members, we warned about CP9 in particular, as well as their goal, Pluton. A full
overview of who and what, and a plan made to have Sanji and Chopper stick to Robin at all
times to keep her from bolting.
Afterwards, we went about our duties, including Cross going on to start yet another big-time
SBS. Starting with a discussion on fishmen and merfolk, tolerance, and the cycle of hatred. I
must admit, the man is a hell of an orator. I'm good enough, I suppose, but Cross blows me
out of the water. I'm certain his words will have a significant effect in the not-so-distant
future, I can just tell.
Not just from an intuition, mind, but because as I experience the events myself, I'm beginning
to recall the story of This Bites itself. Though not everything, sadly. I just know this SBS in
particular has a significant effect.
Of course, the heavy shit had to be offset by some true ridiculousness, such as Cross and
Apoo's 'Radio Rivalry' finally kicking off. Just as hilarious as expected.
However, by the time that particular tomfoolery had concluded, an excited, "LAND HO!"
came from Usopp, denoting our arrival to the infamous shipwright hub of the world.
And boy, was it.
Like our Princess' homeland, Water 7 had clearly been around since the Blank Century at
minimum. Possession of the Pluton Blueprints all this time was proof enough. Aqua Laguna
and the active sinking of the island had changed things over time, but it didn't make it any
less awe-inspiring. I mean, holy shit, that massive fuckoff fountain!
"Wow…" Cross breathed, clearly in agreement.
"You can say that again…" Soundbite whispered.
"Wow…" Conis repeated instead.
He shot the angel a grin. "The Grand Line never fails to impress, huh?"
Conis shook her head eagerly, a goofy grin slowly emerging. "No. No, it does not."
"I am currently of the opinion that I love this mad ocean!" Su giggled, tail actively waving.
"Preach it." I nodded in agreement, holding my palm out for Su to bump with her paw.

"I think I'm starting to see how Luffy feels about spoilers." Mikey mumbled in awe. "I
wouldn't give up this feeling for the world."
"Are you kidding?" Raphey scoffed fervently. "Even if Cross or Evan had said that the island
was a giant fountain, this wouldn't be any less amazing."
Vivi giggled euphorically. "I know exactly what you're talking about. I've seen this island
almost half a dozen times before, but I swear that every time is even more breathtaking than
the last."
As nice as it was to admire Water 7's splendor, the moment had to end sometime. Nami came
to her senses first, and turned to my fellow Earthling and I with a questioning look. "So then,
where should we dock?"
"Hmm…" Cross and I shared a look, before the Commie shrugged. "Eh, why not kill two
birds with one stone. Let's circle 'round the island, the Franky House is on a peninsula, and
we can—"
"That's not a good idea!" a voice called from nearby. Just off the Merry, a middle-aged man
with a fishing rod sat in an unremarkable boat.
"Pardon me, sir, but what do you mean by that?" Reiju asked politely.
"Not sure what business you have with the Franky Family, but if you're gonna approach their
house, best do it from the front door where it's safe." the fisherman replied grimly. "Waters
'round their place are booby trapped to the nines to prevent sea attacks, and those two King
Bulls of theirs are monsters if they think you're a threat. Lost one of my better boats when I
mistakenly sailed into one of their submerged keel-rippers."
I inhaled sharply. "Riiiight. They hunt pirates, they need to make sure nobody tries to blow
their place to kingdom come from the water."
"Yeah, that's annoying." Cross frowned. "In that case, what's the best place for us to dock our
shit so we can contact Galley-La and not get jumped by Marines or World Government
stooges while we're away?"
"There's a cape that pirates always use, over that way!" the fisherman replied, gesturing the
way. "Try and hide it from plain view if you can, those Government types really like to pry!"
"Don't have to tell us twice…" Vivi bit out acridly, marching off to grab a line of rigging.
"Oh, one more thing!" the stranger said quickly. "Do you know about Aqua Laguna?"
"Yeah, what about it?" Cross called back.
"Well, it's just that it's scheduled to come in tomorrow night or so, they're predicting it to be
the biggest one in living history!"

Well, shit. We were really hoping that we'd somehow miraculously missed it and make things
a bit easier.
"Wait, what's Aqua Laguna?" Usopp asked.
"Oh, it's a tsunami that strikes the island every year like clockwork." Vivi casually explained
as she worked the lines. "It's common knowledge around here actu…al…ly…" she trailed off
at how quiet it was, and spun around to scowl at the crew's accusatory looks.
"Alright, in my defense, I have absolutely no reason to keep track of Water 7's tsunami
schedule! Even if I had remembered it before now, how could I have possibly known that we
would arrive at the one time of year that it would hit?"
"Vi, you've been with the crew long enough to know how our luck works." I replied dryly.
The Princess opened her mouth to protest, then shit it with a hiss of frustration.
"Either way, you kids best rent a bunker for your ship real soon, then get some rooms on the
upper level! Be careful, or else the sea might swallow you whole!"
"We will, thanks!" Luffy waved gratefully as we sailed away from the helpful man.
Only minutes later, we were anchored off the coast of the cape he'd pointed out and were
moving our gold about to prepare it for travel. Usopp and Boss were forging much of it into a
hefty pile of ingots, while Nami ran calculations and the rest of us relaxed and awaited her
final tally.
At last, Nami looked up from her books and glanced at Cross and I over those adorable
glasses of hers. "Alright, boys, the biggest thing for me to consider right now: how much is
the new ship going to cost?"
"You know what set Roger's Oro Jackson apart from other ships of the time?" I asked
rhetorically. "It was built from Adam Wood, the strongest wood in the world, that comes
from the immortal Jewel Tree Adam. It makes ships next to unkillable, thus it's been
outlawed. But with enough money like we've got, and the right contacts in the black market
like Franky has, you can find some of it for sale."
"Of course…" Cross swallowed, nervous. "As you can imagine, the illicit and valuable nature
of said goods makes it quite… expensive."
Nami said nothing for a moment before folding her hands on the table, eyes firmly shut. "...
how much?"
I quickly placed my hands over Nami's soothingly, just before Cross answered. "... He used
฿200 Million originally, but considering the expanded crew and how much gold is
available… I say we let him run with 500 and see what he comes back with?"

Everyone jerked away from Cross as if expecting him to be smote, the young man himself
raising his arms in defense.
Nami, however, didn't react. She merely stared at him over the brim of her glasses,
occasionally, turning her gaze to me. Finally, she slowly slid the glasses off, and pinched the
bridge of her nose with a weary sigh. "Cross… you are so very lucky that not only are we far
enough beyond any normal definition of rich that ฿500 million barely dents our finances, but
that Evan is personally even richer than that. Elsewise…"
"Gotcha, never without good reason, I swear." he waved his hands placatingly.
"Alright, listen up." Nami ordered casually. "My initial estimate back on Skypeia was as least
฿2 billion. But after becoming more intimately familiar with our hoard—"
I snorted. "Yeah, she did…"
"—I've found that, even if the SBS hasn't increased the value of this particular gold via fame
or infamy alone, we have approximately 50% more than I expected. After taking out ฿500
million for the new ship, and another 500 to prove to Iceberg that we can deal, now we're left
with over ฿2 billion. And as we agreed on Skypeia, a full billion of that goes to the crew as a
whole."
Grins grew on everyone's faces.
"Yeah, yeah, laugh it up." Nami groused, shuffling her papers. "Now, while that means we
can definitely afford some luxuries, we can't go overboard if we don't want to go back to
having barely enough for Sanji's shopping list."
Nami then proceeded to divvy up funds for everyone, up to and including Boss and Chopper's
requests, Conis' wardrobe, etc. Personally, I decided to let Nami have my share, as I had more
than enough as it is, and the means to get more whenever.
"Alright. Obviously, most of that will have to wait until we've cashed in this gold, so for now,
we split into three groups. Zoro, you stay here to guard the ship for now."
"Can do." Zoro saluted lazily, then leaning back and passing out almost right away.
"Sanji, Chopper, Robin, you'll take the cash we have onboard now and get started with the
necessary shopping. Everyone else is with me to trade in the gold, and then we'll split up to
meet with Iceberg and Franky."
"I'm leading the latter group." Cross cut in. "Boss, I'll need you to come with me, you and
Franky will get on like a house on fire the second you meet. All thanks to your… similar
attitudes."
That got a massive grin out of Boss. "Color me… interested."

"Right… besides that, Vivi, I may need your negotiation expertise in case he asks for more,
and Conis… well." Cross gestured to the pile of wealth shining on the deck. "We're gonna be
carrying around our weight in gold. Any objections to acting as our muscle?"
Our gunner nodded with a determined smile. "I won't let you down, I swear!"
"Hell, I'm in too." I spoke up. "Never know when you might need some sheer, overwhelming
force to deal with some people."
"Alright then!" Usopp suddenly crowed, leaping to his feet and pumping a fist in the air. "So
it's settled! As of this moment, 'Operation Payday' is underway! Yeah!"
"YEAH!" the rest of us, even Nami and Robin -though she didn't cheer- mirroring Usopp's
fist pump.
*Pssshhh…*
A chemical hiss interrupted our reveling in the moment, coming from the suddenly-bubbling
chemistry equipment at Chopper's feet. The boy's pupils dilated as he took in the way the
liquids began swapping color. "Uh-oh."
"'Uh-oh'?!" Soundbite squawked. "What's 'uh—'?!"
*KER-SPLAT*
Before anyone could react, even me, the whole crew were suddenly covered in a polychromatic ooze.
"I knew things were going too well for us, at the moment…" I deadpanned.
"Before anyone can panic or anything!" Chopper piped up hastily. "I promise you that this
stuff is completely benign. I'm fairly certain it doesn't hurt paper,either, so Nami,
Robin, please don't skin me alive."
"Right…" Cross trailed off uncomfortably before clearing his throat. "Okay then, slight
change in plans: first we change and get cleaned up, then we head out and begin the
operation. All in favor?"
"Aye." came the unanimous response.

~BtWwG~

"Ergh…" Cross groaned, peeling off his shirt and holding it at arm's length. "This crap may
not be chemically toxic, but it sure as hell smells and feels it."
"BLECH!" Soundbite spat, tongue out in disgust.
"Thankfully, it seems that No Face May King doesn't care what it's made of; it doesn't want
it, so it don't stick." I commented, in the midst of swapping clothes myself. Indeed, the gunk
that had ended up on the Noble Phantasm had eventually slid right off, leaving no residue
whatsoever. Sadly, the rest of my outfit wasn't so lucky.
Cross and I both settled for simplicity in our new fits. He went for plain blue cargo jeans,
white t-shirt under a white lobster-stencil hoodie. I went for red slacks and a grey t-shirt, my
trusty cloak completing the look.
"How do I look?" Cross asked.
"Honestly? Compared to your usual attire, ya look pretty bland." Lasso deadpanned.
"SECONDED! Too plain!" Soundbite concurred.
"Pretty sure that's by design." I spoke up. "A lot of a-holes in the Government want Cross
silenced for good, and Water 7 is too damn close to one of their major bases."
"Correctamundo. If I catch the wrong person's eye here, I'll disappear into the shadows. Also,
seeing as you two'll be latched on when they grab me, you'll be along for the ride if I get
snatched!"
The animal pair winced. "Point taken."
"Right, now—"
A sharp rapping noise from the lounge door cut him off. "Excuse me, Cross, Evan? Could I
get your opinion on something?" Robin said from the other side.
"Huh? On what?" Cross responded.
"Just my choice of attire, that's all. I'd ask the girls, but I'd rather a man's perspective, and you
two are more or less the most well-adjusted members of the crew. Would you mind?"
I shrugged. "Hell, I don't see why not. Come in."
The door swung open… and my face promptly heated up as Robin waltzed in wearing only a
too-thin t-shirt and frilly black panties.
Vixens. Beset, upon all sides, by vixens.

"Well, I've certainly missed seeing you pull this trick." Lasso guffawed into his paw.
Cross' eye twitched a bit. "I am… severely conflicted."
Robin's eyebrow cocked in amused curiosity. "Oh? Are you saying you're disappointed? You
don't like what you see?"
"The very opposite is one half of that conflict. On the other hand… I thought you were done
trying to kill me, Robin."
That got her to blink in surprise. "Oh? How so?"
The Commie gestured flatly at his neck. "Because my flesh and bone are weak, whereas
Sanji's feet can dent iron."
Robin chuckled softly. "Be serious, Cross, Sanji wouldn't really… ah…" She trailed off at
Cross' paper-flat look. She coughed into her fist and spawned a hand to close the door behind
her. "Right, my apologies, I didn't quite think that through."
"Eh, to be fair, while the Simp King would try, I wouldn't let him." I commented. "Nor Reiju.
Hell, she'd probably give Cross a personal lapdance purely to spite her dear little brother for
it."
As Cross' face reddened from the thought, he continued. "You best explain yourself quickly
before I decide this little incident is enough to justify doubling the payback I owe you. And
before you laugh, try to remember what I'm capable of, let alone my partner."
"MUHUHAHAHAHA!" Soundbite added.
The archeologist's demeanor faltered, but she reclaimed her cool and her smile became more
sincere. "Very well, but if I may rationalize my behavior: my life may have been a bit jilted,
but I do believe older siblings embarrassing the life out of their younger is typical, no?"
I blinked a couple of times as Cross froze while processing that. He recovered with a careless
scoff. "Yeah, well, newsflash: this kind of juvenility is more typical of the younger. And what
about Evan?"
Robin chuckled in a… fairly seductive tone. "Well, Reiju told me of how she gave Evan a
good show back in the Alubarna Palace Baths. I figured he wouldn't mind if I had a turn."
I calmly breathed in, then out again. "Fair enough, Robin. Fair enough."
"As I was saying…" Robin retrieved a bundle from an arm behind her. "I was serious when I
said I wanted your opinion on my attire. Here, take a look." She unrolled it, displaying her
next outfit of choice.
White, polka-dotted slip, long-sleeved black leather dress, black leather boots that would go

halfway up her thighs. Her most iconic fit, the one she'd worn as a prisoner at Enies Lobby,
and while here on Water 7.
"Well, it certainly says something to me, though considering how the language of leather is
one of few words, I don't think you wanna know what that 'something' is." Cross commented
with a flat look.
"So, that's your honest opinion, is it?" Robin asked casually.
"And I would lie, why?" Cross scoffed.
"Mhm." She turned her gaze on me. "What about you, Evan?"
I took a deep breath again. "In all blunt honesty? Dayumn, that is sexy as hell."
"Perfect." Robin purred, sprouting several arms to help her put the outfit…on… aaand she
went and began stripping, heedless of her 'audience'.
Cross promptly averted his gaze. "You fight dirty, witch. You hear me? Dirty. And don't say
—"
"Pi~ra~te." she crooned.
"...that."
"HUBBA HUBBA! NOW THAT'S what I call a nice—ACK!" Soundbite was cut off as two
disembodied hands grabbed and covered his eyestalks. "SPOILSPORT! YOU WOULDN'T do
this to CROSS and EVAN, and you're NOT DOING IT TO LASSOO!"
"I'm smart enough not to look." the dog-gun huffed, eyes covered by a foreleg.
"And the boys wouldn't blare it all out over the ship." Robin added.
"...fair enough."
While I had some good impulse control, until Robin actually asked me not to look, I wasn't
going to bother looking away. Something she clearly wasn't going to bother doing, as she
looked me right in the eyes as she unflinchingly displayed her body to me while changing,
smiling coquettishly.
"Seriously, though," Cross spoke up. "I understand why you were wearing clothes like this
back in Baroque Works, but what's your motivation now?"
"At a guess?" I answered. "Take advantage of the weaker men of Water 7."
"Quite. I predict many a lowered price thanks to this particular outfit…"
Cross gave a tortured groan. "My kingdom for a few appropriate Bible verses…"

"Would you prefer Deuteronomy, LEVITICUS OR GENESIS?"
"Learn to recognize sarcasm, slimestain."
"Only SU can call me THAT! You may address me as THE ANNOYING VOICE IN YOUR
HEAD. And YOU need to learn to recognize SNARK!"
"Ever hear of a little thing called timing, you—?"
"Break it up before I bite you both." Lasso ordered in a bored tone, the loudmouths snarling
at each other one last time.
"Amusing as always, you two." Robin chuckled airily. And for the record, I'm almost done.
Would you mind zipping me up, Cross?"
Cross flipped the bird. "You are the last person I want to hear that line from."
"Can't blame a girl for trying. Evan?"
I shook my head with a chuckle. "I would, but Nami would only overlook this kind of thing
so long as I adhere to 'Look, Don't Touch."
"Fair enough." She used her power to zip herself up (and isn't that a handy utility of the
Flower-Flower Fruit). "I'm decent now, Cross, so hopefully I won't offend your fragile
sensibilities. Now, your opinion, if you wouldn't mind?"
For a brief moment, my mind's eye flashed to that moment at the Tower of Justice. Then it
vanished, leaving the smiling, resplendent Nico Robin before us.
"Like I said." I nodded. "Sexy as hell."
"Yeah, not bad at all." Cross whistled. "Just one question, if you don't mind."
"Oh?" Robin put hand to hip and cocked it out slightly.
"Well, what happened to your hats?"
…oh wow, that got her freezing up nearly as bad as Ohara. "Ah…"
"You know, your cowboy hats?" Cross forged on through the tension. "You wore one when
we first met you, all through Alabasta, even on most of Skypiea. Why'd you lose them? I
actually thought they looked pretty cool on you."
Robin remained stock still for a moment before turning away and clearing her throat. "I… I
wore those hats because I needed them. And now… I don't."
Cross still looked confused, but it only took me a handful of seconds to cotton on to her

meaning. I moved forward, and took one of her hands comfortingly in both of mine. "It's
alright to wear them because they remind you of him." I assured her. "Not just when you feel
you need to be strong."
Robin promptly cycled through several emotions, then shot her thumb to her mouth to gnaw
on the nail. "I-It's a strategic inconvenience. T-Too much chance of it getting caught o-or
obscuring vision or—"
Cross suddenly planted a hand firmly on her other shoulder, getting her to face him properly.
"Robin." he enunciated, both kindly and firmly. "Jaguar D. Saul would be overjoyed to see
you wearing them, and we all know it."
I was nervous for a bit when Cross' words got Robin to lock up, her gaze miles away from
Merry. Within seconds, however, she was back, and after another round of emotions crossed
over her face, she finally settled on a calm, almost serene smile.
"Evan, Cross, thank you." she whispered. "It's not often that I act like a fool and… and I
appreciate you pointing out this instance of it. Now, if you'll excuse me—" She backed out of
our grips and walked towards the door. "I need to go and see if my wardrobe has anything
that doesn't clash with my current selection."
As she prepared to exit, a feeling of uncertainty came over me. Cross clearly felt the same, as
he stepped forward. "Ah, Robin—!"
"Yes, Cross?" Robin asked, turning back with a curious expression.
Cross hesitated, searching for something to say. "You… you know we'd go to the mats for
you… right?"
"Oh, she'd better." I chuckled. "After all, I basically already did."
Robin blinked in confusion as she processed this. Then she smiled.
A real, honest smile of belief and hope that shown throughout her, even in her eyes.
"Of course I do."
Neither of us even hesitated to smile back.

~BtWwG~

"Demons…" Cross hissed grimly. "They're demons…"
"In nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus Sancti!" Soundbite whimpered within his shell in a
demented tone.
The 'demons' in question were Vivi and Nami, currently preening victoriously as they
watched the Water 7 Gold Exchange's employees cart out tray after tray of freshly liberated
bills, stacking them cleanly and professionally in well-armored suitcases.
"Aye." agreed a scruffy, bearded pirate captain watching right next to us. "I been sailin' these
seas for nigh-on twenty years, and I've never seen the like."
This was in reference to the incredible display of our navigator and negotiator tag-teaming to
positively browbeat the Exchange staff into giving us way more than fair compensation for
the gold we gave them.
"Psh. Wimps." I heckled, grinning. "You can say what you like, but I do enjoy watching my
sweetheart work."
I wasn't even bullshitting, I genuinely enjoyed watching Nami do something she does best.
"Ta-da!" Nami purred, hugging one of the filled suitcases. "Three and a half Billion Beri!
Oooh, it's almost a shame that we have to spend it! Good job, Vivi! I'd totally kiss you if you
weren't ready to slug me if I tried!"
"Oh, I can't take all the credit." Vivi primly replied, patting one of the other cases. "You were
quite terrifying in there, after all, I was mostly just coasting off of the pure rage you were
pumping out!"
"Oh, but your negotiating skills are so far above mine; a humble thief like me can't compare
to a true royal." Nami shamelessly proclaimed.
"Okay, I'm ending this before it goes any further and you two actually start making out."
Cross interjected, ignoring my retort of, "Jackass!". "Let's get this all loaded up and ready to
go, guys." He received no answer, and turned to look. "Guys?"
Boss was staring at the two girls, quivering in either fear or excitement (maybe both…),
though the TDWS' quivering was absolutely in terror. Conis and Su had scrambled against a
wall, to put as much distance between them as possible, the cloud fox holding out a rosary
she got from…somewhere. Usopp mimicked her with a crucifix, and Reiju wore a…
conflicted expression. As for Carue and Luffy…
"What?" the duck asked, turning from where he'd been kicking a ball with some kids. "Oh!
Awe we done yet?"

"I hope so!" Luffy whined with a pout. "I wanna gooo!"
"Okay, the moron I get, but you're that used to it?" Cross deadpanned.
"Aftah wiving wit' her foah yeahs? You bettah bewieve I—!"
*FWEEEEEET*
"AHG!" We all reeled in agony as Nami somehow managed to produce a hellish whistle
worthy of Luffy himself.
Nami then proceeded to break down the plan, 4 of the suitcases divided between spending
money and validated gold ingots. Two teams, two suitcases each. She latched two ingot cases
to Luffy and Boss via handcuffs for safety's sake, then two cash cases to Cross and herself.
The rest of the gold was entrusted to Boss' students to bring back to the Merry, which they
hopped to with terrified eagerness.
"Right then. Now, let's saddle up and get going!" Cross declared, hopping into the boat
Lassoo was snoozing in.
"Alright." Vivi nodded as she and Carue settled into their own vessel, while Conis and I took
a third. "And remind me again what you call those accents?"
"So, ya guys all ready to go?" the bull towing Cross' vessel asked eagerly. "Just tell ol' TwoFin Joey where ya wanna go and we'll getcha there 'fore you can say 'Galley-La'."
"Brooklyn." Cross grit out from behind a facepalm. "It's racist-as-shit Brooklyn."
"Technically, that would be regionalist." I interjected with a raised finger. "Or culturalist,
whichever. Brooklyn isn't a race, y'know."
"Heck, BE GLAD THAT THEY'RE amphibious enough that I can do anything AT
ALL! 'Sides, they're a species of cabbies, WOULD YOU RATHER I'D
USED UNIDENTIFIABLE MIDDLE-EASTERN ACCENTS?!"
"Now that would be racist!" I confirmed, Soundbite snickering in response.
"Grgrgggghrghhhh…"
"Ey, oh, relax, pal." Joey chuckled casually. "As it is, we guys are just happy to be able to talk
at all, along with the rest a' da bulls near enough to yah little friend here! It's mighty
convenient for business, it is!"
"Heh, I do what I can!"
"Yeah? Well, what you 'can' just got youse and yours some very powerful friends!" The bull's
grin widened by several teeth. "Congrats, you've got friends in the Union!"

"Sounds great." Cross shrugged. "I'd be a bit chattier usually, but right now, we're a bit
pressed for time. Mind stepping on it so as to take the quickest way to Franky House?"
"Ya mean Big Boss Gom an' Sod's home? No prob!" Joey nodded confidently. "Youse'll be
there before ya know it!"
"Great!" Cross nodded thankfully before waving at the rest of our crewmates. "Good luck,
guys!"
"You too!" Luffy waved back as their group took a different direction.
With that, our Yagaras towed us down the water-logged streets of Water 7. The scenery was
spectacular, and it was too bad most of the others were preoccupied with constantly looking
for danger.
"Come on, guys, relax a little, will you?" Cross chuckled, noticing the same. "Sure, we've got
a lot of cash on us, but we've got some damn good firepower on our side too."
"Go Team Firepower!" I idly cheered, raising a hand, to which Conis immediately hi-fived.
"Nothing's gunning for us, so we might as well sit back and enjoy the ride, no? Observe!"
Leading by example, Cross leaned back to chill as we rounded a corner and approached a
bridge, his briefcase as a makeshift pillow.
Of course, because the universe has a sense of humor, that's when Miss Friday was spotted on
the bridge's railing, enjoying some water-water meat, clad in a pristine three-piece suit,
fedora, and sunglasses getup.
"Sooooundbiiiite?" Cross began in a deliberately calm voice.
"One bird in a CITY, GOOD LUCK DIFFERENTIATING!" the snail squawked fearfully.
"Cross, what's wrong?" Vivi asked in concern.
"Miss Friday just saw us into a killbox…" Lasso growled.
"It's THE UNLUCKIES THREE: The Revengening!" Soundbite snarled.
"Huh. Bold of them to try this shit while I'm here…" I commented with a raised brow.
"Wait, 'The Unluckies'?" Conis asked in confusion.
"What's that, some kinda wannabe rock group?" Su snarked.
"I wish…" Cross snarled in aggravation. "Joey, guys, full stop. Stay under the bridge."
"What's up, bub?" Joey asked as he and his friends complied. "Youse know dat wrinkly
featha'd thing?"

"Miss Friday, she's part of an assassin team with an otter called Mister Thirteen." I informed.
"They've got a vendetta against the loudmouths since a few islands ago, and are now
determined to end our friends before they retire. They don't seem like it, but
they're dangerous."
"Uh, guys?" Lasso spoke up. "A thought occurs…"
"What?"
"We saw Miss Friday waiting back there… so where's Mister Thirteen?"
Soundbite blinked in surprise before whipping his eyestalks about curiously. "Hey,
yeah, that's right! WHERE IS THE DAMN WATER—!"
Soundbite choked off in horror, slowly sharing a look with Cross before slowly looking down
at the canal.
…
"MERDA!"
Cross wasted no time, slapping a hand on Joey's back. "DEATH FROM BELOW,
GOGOGO!!"
It was a testament to the bull's experience that he didn't even question the order, instead
complying without hesitation and snapping from zero to sixty in half a second.
*SPLASH*
Just in time to avoid Mister Thirteen, clad in his own somehow-pristine Government Stooge
attire, suddenly exploding out of the water where they'd just been as a spinning, rabid flurry
of blades and violence. The otter didn't miss a beat either, immediately tear-assing after them
the moment he went back in the water.
"CROSS!" Vivi called after them in concern.
"STICK TO THE PLAN!" Cross shouted back. "I'LL DRAW THEM OFF, YOU JUST
KEEP GOING! I'LL SEE YOU AT FRANKY HOUSE!"
In moments, the pursuees and pursuer had left our sight, the skyborne form of Miss Friday
promptly following.
"... did he forget I was here, and I could easily deal with those pests myself?" I wondered.
"I guess so…" Vivi sweatdropped. "Are you gonna go after them, then?"

I took a few moments to consider it, then I shrugged. "Nah. It'll be fine. Cross and Soundbite
have beaten the Unluckies thrice before, they can do it again. They'll probably be fine."
Carue nodded. "Pwobably."

Omake: The War…? (The Good Ending)
As Akainu got closer and closer to the two brothers, Nami's desperate, heartbroken voice
sounded out once again. "Please, please get up, Evan! Please be alive! You have to be! Luffy
and Ace are going to die! They need you! I NEED YOU! EVAAAN!!"
"Now, Son of Roger, Son of Dragon…" Sakazuki growled, magmatic arm reared back to
strike. "For the sake of this world… hold still, and die!"
…
*SCHWACK* *THUMP*
Then suddenly, and without warning, the entirety of Marineford and the audience over the
SBS stared in surprise as Akainu's arm was cleanly severed, falling to the ground and
reverting from magma to flesh-and-blood.
"Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!" Akainu yelled in pain, clutching the bleeding stump. "Who just did
—?!" He blinked in confusion, looking all around, and seeing no-one and nothing. No
obvious source for the attack.
"Wait, what just happened?" Cross said, clearly just as confused.
"I don't get it." Luffy stated, looking around as well. "I didn't see anyone…"
"Neither did I." Ace uttered, simply thankful for the apparently divine intervention.
"Who did this?!" Akainu demanded, casting a glare all around. "Who dared to—?!"
*WHAM*
Just as suddenly, Akainu was seemingly slugged by an invisible fist, and was sent flying back
away from the brothers. After dry-heaving for a couple seconds, he got to his knees. "Who in

the…?"
Then, a sudden pressure settled over the battlefield, a familiar pressure. Seconds later, a
feeling of strong Haki joined it. To everyone's unfiltered shock, the form of a man slowly
shimmered into view, revealing…
"Surprised?" Evan grinned, Tensa Zangetsu pointed right at Sakazuki. "So am I!"
"EVAN!!" came the exclamations of Ace, Luffy, Cross, Soundbite and Nami.
It was indeed him. But he'd changed slightly. His old outfit was gone, and he was currently
garbed in the Shinigami Shihakusho, complete with footwear. No Face May King seemed to
have changed as well, still green and hooded, but now taking the form of a Captain's Haori,
with the Straw Hat Jolly Roger in place of a Division sigil.
"But… But how?!" Akainu raged in disbelief. "I killed you!"
"Ha!" Evan laughed, giving the Admiral a shit-eating grin. "Bitch, please! My powers are
those of the Shinigami. Since when is death supposed to be enough to stop a Death God?"
Sakazuki merely stayed where he was, seething.
"Y-You…"
Evan flinched at the incensed tone of Nami over the SBS.
"You… dirty… stupid… sadistic… SHIT-EATING, CUNT-SUCKING, ASS-FUCKING,
TAINT-SNIFFING, CROTCH-GRABBING, PERVERTED-SPINELESS-HEARTLESSMINDLESS-WITLESS, URINE-GARGLING, JERK-OFFING, HORSE-FACED, TOILETKISSING, SELF-CENTERED, FECES-PUKING, DILDO-SHOVING, SNOT-SPITTING,
CRAP-GATHERING, BIG-NOSE, MONKEY-SLAPPING, BEAN-SHITTING, FARTKNOCKING, SACK-BUSTING, BITCH-SNATCHING, HAND-JOBBING, MUCUSSPEWING, ANAL-PLUGGING, SEWER-SIPPING, WHORE-MONGERING, PISSSWIMMING, MIDGET-MUNCHING, DOUCHEBAG, HOLE-BITING, CARNIVOROUS
MAIL-ORDER PROSTITUTING ASSHOLE!!"
All of that, in one breath mind you, erupted from my lover's mouth and over Soundbite
Airwaves at a volume that left everyone across the entirety of Marineford reeling.
"Shit." Ace marveled. "She could rival some of the morons under Pops… impressive."
Luffy looked like he was caught between fear of Nami, and laughing his sorry rubbery ass off
at the creative wordplay. Whitebeard himself held no such hesitance, 'Gurararara'-ing freely.
Garp seemed to be beside himself as well.
"How could you?!" Nami continued to wail. "How dare you?! Making me feel… that kind
of… complete anguish!! God damn you!"

Evan sighed. "I know, I know… I'm sorry, Nami. I didn't mean to put you through that kind
of pain. It's entirely my fault. I had to do something, and I just… reacted. I'm truly sorry."
Nami sniffled. "When I see you again… and it will be sooner over later… I am going to beat
the ever-living stupid out of you, stomp a mudhole in your ass, and walk it dry! You got
that?!"
Evan merely smiled genuinely. "I'm completely looking forward to it, Sweetheart."
"...Dumbass." Nami grumbled fondly. "Massive, self-sacrificing dumbass."
"I will attest to both my dumbness, and my ass."
Suddenly, Akainu let out a scream of unholy rage, seemingly snapped out of his funk by the
ridiculous display, and charged toward Evan with all the fury of Krakatoa itself.
*SHUNK*
However, that rage fizzled out quickly, as Evan moved faster than anyone had seen him move
before, and took the opening while Sakazuki's other arm had been reared back, and stabbed
the Magma-Man square in the heart. The fact that blood was freely seeping from both sides
of the wound rather than lava was proof enough that the Admiral wasn't going to get back up
from this one.
"Hnn…" Evan scoffed. "The fact that I'm no longer a Living Soul means that my power
growth won't be quite as exponential as it was before, but now that I'm no longer bound to
my mortal body, my output has absolutely skyrocketed. Well, you know what they say, ya win
some, ya lose some. Or in your case…" Evan looked Sakazuki dead in the eyes. "You lose
it all."
With that, he twisted Tensa Zangetsu sharply, and ripped it out of the man's torso, letting
Akainu fall face-forward to the ground, steadily bleeding out if not already dead.
"Holy fucking shit…" Cross blurted. "Well, I guess that's one less problem to worry about in
the future. Sooo… I'm assuming that you're letting everyone be able to see you using—?"
"Haki, yes." Evan confirmed with a nod. "Turns out being a bodiless Soul is good for opening
up your willpower. All these silver linings are fair trades for being, well, dead. Heh… guess
Brook and I have something else in common now! But still, I wonder what this means for my
Gacha System…"
"Huh… I guess… ask it?"
Evan nodded again. "Fair 'nough. System, status report?"
For about ten seconds, nothing happened. Then, when it seemed they would give up, a
response window opened.

Gacha System Update complete. Adjustments made for sudden User death and revival
as a full Shinigami/Soul Reaper. Gigai-based options have been added to the Master
List, and will be prioritized for User's quality of life. Or unlife, as it were…
"Oooh, well that's nice and handy. Can't wait to see what I can—!" Evan stiffened in shock,
something triggering his Observation Haki. In an instant, Kizaru appeared in a flash of light
behind him, leg reared back to hit him with his signature lightspeed kick.
However, at the same time as this, and as the Admiral swung his leg forward, Evan spun at
extremespeed and swung his sword to meet the leg. Borsalino, out of laziness,
underestimation, or perhaps both, evidently did not coat his leg with Armament, as Tensa
Zangetsu went cleanly through the tall man's leg, to his overwhelming shock.
"Getsuga… TENSHOU!" Evan called out, swinging his sword and casting the attack forth,
bigger and stronger than ever. Kizaru was unable to react in time, due to his aforementioned
shock, and took the signature technique head-on. When the attack subsided, a massive trench
was carved into the ground, and the Light-Man himself was nowhere to be found. Whether he
was also dead, or simply unconscious in that trench, nobody could tell. Except Soundbite, of
course, but naturally, he wasn't saying shit.
"Yo, Sengoku!" Evan called out to the Fleet Admiral. "That's two Admirals down, one dead
and one maybe dead. Ace is on his way out, your HQ and every jackboot on it has been
devastated, and I just got the world's most massive second wind. If I were you, I'd spare
myself the headache, cut my losses, and just call an end to this tomfuckery. Let our side leave
with our wounded, and let you tend to your wounded; save some face, rather than none at all.
What say you?"
The elderly afro'd Marine actually looked contemplative, rather than immediately shooting
Evan down. He met eyes with Garp, and also Tsuru, the old friends all sharing a look, a
wordless conversation passing between them. Eventually, the Bhudda-Man sighed
explosively.
"Jeremiah Cross…" he spoke. "Can you and your snail broadcast me?"
"By all means, Fleet Admiral. Go ahead."
"Attention all Navy forces of Marineford! Cease all combat actions immediately! I repeat, all
combat actions are to come to an end, now! Ignore the pirates and let them take their
wounded, while we tend to our own wounded allies! We have lost, and I shall take all the
blame upon myself! This war… is officially over!!"
"PuruPuruPuruPuru!"
Several individuals froze up as a Transponder Snail, one of Sengoku's own, began ringing.
"...any chance I could convince you not to answer that?" Cross asked nervously.
Sengoku said nothing, and merely reached out and picked up the snail.

"Fleet Admiral Sengoku…" came the voice of Elder Topman Warcury. "This is unacceptable.
We cannot allow the Sons of Roger or Dragon to leave that battlefield alive. You will regroup
your forces, and you will run all those pirates down, in the name of Justice. Am I
understood?"
Once again, Sengoku said nothing, his eyes in shadow and a deep frown upon his face. Garp
and Tsuru likewise shared his expression, glaring at the snail. A majority of the Marines
across the battlefield seemed conflicted, not sure who's orders to follow.
Evan took a ready stance, gripping Tensa Zangetsu tightly in both hands. "It's your choice,
Sengoku." he warned, reiatsu building. "But choose wisely."
The Fleet Admiral held his silence for several moments longer. Then, his eyes hardened, and
he opened his mouth to speak…

Chapter 41: The Regroup
After Cross and Co. took off on their chase scene, on our way to Franky House, Vivi
suddenly insisted that we should make a pit stop to update our wardrobes to be more
presentable for the meeting. I'd mentioned that the gang-like Franky Family might not even
give a shit, but she wouldn't have it.
Thus, everyone got a little dressier for the occasion. Me? I was now clad in a tan dress shirt
with an orange tie, a nearly-black dark blue suit pants and open top, with No Face May King
as an overcoat completing the look.
Later, before we reached our destination, we took notice of a part of Water 7 being on fire,
and Vivi immediately knew why via pattern recognition. She barged in and expressed her
rage to Cross, though Franky admitted part of the blaze was his fault from an accident during
an experiment with an old Coal Mine five years ago. That's unfortunate, given the Centralia
Mine back home has been on fire for about fifty years, and Laurel Run's has been going for a
hundred. To this day, I'm sure.
Franky then proceeded to give us his SUUUPEEER! Introduction, before we got right to
business. Vivi killed any posturing by taking one of the 2 litre bottle of Cola he'd offered,
throwing her head back and draining the fucker. We waited, but the exhalation of carbonation
never came. Impressive.
Following that, with a brief example of Franky's cyborg construction, we discussed with him
the nature of Merry's fatal damage, and the commission to make us our new ship.
When Franky was handed the letter from Kokoro, he bawled something fierce at hearing how
much Merry loved us. Then, we hammered out negotiation for the funds we were offering to
acquire Adam Wood. Vivi did her best, but could only get Franky down to keeping 200 out of
the remaining 300 Million of the funds. Then Boss stepped in, going on a flexing contest with
Franky, each one trying to out-manly the other. Boss even… pffft, used Shell Smash,
revealing that he was ridonculously ripped underneath it. It was almost ripped straight out of
the Armstrong V Curtis scene from FMA:B, and it was glorious.
In the end, their mutual respect and adoration for each other's MANLINESS, resulted in
Franky agreeing to keeping only ฿100 Million. Vivi was a bit disappointed in being oneupped in diplomacy via such ridiculous methods, but it all worked out in the end.
As we began to finish things up, I received another ping! from my System. I'll be surprised at
how generous my system is being, but I sure as hell won't complain! I stepped out for some
air, and checked what I had to roll from.

1. L56A3 Smartgun (Alien)
2. Chakra Fruit (Naruto)
3. Argent Energy Cell (DOOM)
4. Bezel's Charm of Resurrection (Ben 10)
5. Portal Pistol (Rick and Morty)
6. Fearstruck (Elder Scrolls)
7. Black Light Bands (DC)
8. Urbosa's Fury (Legend of Zelda)
9. Ghost (Star Wars)
10. Scroll Of Uzumaki Seals (Naruto)
11. Fertility Calibration (Bronzdeck)
12. HK-47 (Star Wars)
13. Stygian Iron Sword (Percy Jackson)
14. Magic Rings (Legend of Zelda)
15. Sun Gun (Ben 10)
16. Transportalponder Tech (Fallout)
17. Vanishing Cabinets (Harry Potter)
18. Medusa's Head (Percy Jackson)
19. Time Medallion (Danny Phantom)
20. The Morrigan (Assassin's Creed)

Oh damn, that's a lot of good shit to pick from. The Time Medallion of Clockwork
offered actual time travel, IIRC. The Portal Pistol was a potential ticket across the multiverse,
maybe even… back home. The Argent Energy Cell would bring my Fortress back to full
functionality, and the Scroll of Uzumaki Seals… that was a scary thing. Scarier, was the
damn Chakra Fruit. I assume that means the one that Kaguya Ohtsusuki ate.
I needed to conserve rerolls for the next possibility of something to save Merry, so I had to
get a big win in one roll. I blew on my D20 for luck, and tossed it. It bounced a bit more than
usual, then settled to a stop on number 11.

Fertility Calibration (Bronzdeck)
You can freely adjust your own fertility at will, being able to go from absolutely inert to
being so fertile you can even impregnate a completely infertile woman. Or depending on
your parts, make yourself sterile or rival the Goat of a Thousand Young.

…

…I wanted to be disappointed. Part of me was disappointed, that I missed out on some of the
incredible options I had. The rest of me was actually quite pleased, and I couldn't help a
mildly perverted grin sliding onto my face. Nami and I had been as careful as humanly
possible ever since our first night back at Cocoyashi, as we should. But now, as I accepted the
selection and immediately flipped the mental slider to Inert, we didn't need to worry about a
damn thing anymore. Not even STDs, considering how surprisingly rare they were in this
world. And wasn't that a pleasant surprise when I heard about it.
"Uhm, what's with that look, Evan?" Conis asked curiously as the others emerged from
Franky House.
I started and promptly schooled my face into a casual smile. "Nothing you need to worry
about, Conis." I assured. "Nothing at all."
Vivi cracked an eyebrow. "Get something good from your power?" she asked suspiciously.
"Oh yeah, I did." I nodded. "Nothing game-changing, though. So fuggetaboutit."
Well, Nami was sure to be happy about this news. I'm most likely getting jumped at the
earliest opportunity, too. So, better save it for when things settle down.

~BtWwG~

"...and after that, Franky went off to get things arranged on his end before he could take off to
buy the materials, and you had no trouble on your way back to the Merry?" Nami asked,
concluding the retelling of events after our groups had parted ways.
"Yeah, that pretty much covers it." Cross confirmed, glancing in Boss' direction. "So, Boss,
tell us; what are you gonna do about your—Boss?"
The Dugong's flak jacket was lying on the deck, but the man himself was absent.
*SPLASH* "Sorry, did you call me?"
Before we could ask Soundbite anything, Boss leapt back on deck from the water… sporting
a new shell that was utterly indistinguishable from the last one.
"Okay, I know we deal with weird shit on a constant basis, but how the fuck?" I demanded

incredulously.
Boss just winked. "Trade secret."
"...you know what?" Vivi threw her hands up, marching off to the women's quarters. "I don't
wanna know, I really do not. I am done. Done!" she declared, slamming the door behind her.
Nami stared after her for a second, before sighing and turning to the TDWS who stared
starry-eyed at their teacher. "Raphey, can you please go and try to calm Vivi down?
Hopefully your… expertise in Grand Line Madness will be of use."
The pink-clad Dugong snapped a salute before pumping her tail and belly-sliding after Vivi.
Nami then stood up with a clap of her hands. "Now, Cross, Evan, Zoro? Staff meeting. Boss,
you and your boys know what to do."
"Aye, ma'am!" They saluted as the four of us retired to the storage room. For almost a minute,
there was only silence, then Nami spun around and grabbed me by the shoulders.
"Darling." she stated with dead-serious conviction, looking me straight in the eyes. "I trust
you. Cross too. However… Are you absolutely certain that Kalifa, Kaku and Lucci are with
CP9?"
I blinked dumbly, then nodded. "Unless some fuckass butterfly effect has caused things to
drastically change, yes. Completely positive."
"Sometime soon," Cross continued. "Most likely tonight to use Aqua Laguna to cover their
tracks, those three plus Blueno will tear through Galley-La like an unholy storm, striking
down comrades and coworkers without so much as a hint of remorse before attempting to
assassinate Iceberg in cold blood. Of this, I have no doubt."
The second Cross finished speaking, Nami's pupils dilated in horror, blood draining from her
face as she stumbled forward into my embrace, a shaky hand covering her mouth. "Oh…
Oh, God…"
"What's wrong, Sweetheart?" I asked in concern. "What did they do?"
"N… N… N-Nothing!" Nami whispered, desperately shaking her head in denial. "T-That's
the whole problem! I have years of experience in long cons, for the majority of my life I have
been anyone but me, I've been them… and I was scanning them, subtly, for any cracks
whatsoever! But… but that doesn't change the fact that they put on such a good show that I…
that they made me actually doubt you guys!"
I sighed, rubbing Nami's back comfortingly. "Makes sense; you were verily out of your
league there. Your comparatively few years of harrowing experience is no match for their
literal lifetime of doing this job. Somewhere not far away, there's a Government island
exclusively devoted to training orphans and the previous CP9 agents' offspring into the next
generation. Sabotage, corruption, intelligence, assassination… it's all they've ever known."

Nami let out a tortured groan. "And we have to deal with four people like that?"
Cross shook his head with a grimace. "If the worst should occur and we need to storm Enies
Lobby, there's gonna be seven. Don't worry about it too much, though; out of those seven,
three are in league with our Monster Trio, and the rest are much weaker. Superhuman and
with a few unique and deadly tricks, sure, but with our current roster and power level, not to
mention knowing their playbook inside and out, we'll still be able to win."
"Their third top contender is Jabra, Wolf Zoan User and Iron Body Specialist." I followed up.
"Sanji managed to beat him with his new Diable Jambe, just like Zoro will have beat Kaku
with Asura. Sadistic and deceitful PoS, but we'll be ready for it."
"And what about their chief?" Nami asked tentatively. "The one you said got the authority to
use a Buster Call? Whomever the World Government put in charge of people that powerful
must be a monster too."
Cross and I snarled simultaneously, and I had to reign in my reiatsu, at the mere mention of
that subhuman shitbag.
"Only morally, Nami. Physically?" Cross slammed fist to palm, and ground it in hard.
"Suffice to say that if I get my hands on Spandam, I'm going to turn him into a literal fucking
pretzel and he'll be able to do jack shit about it. His only defense is Funkfreed, a swrod that
'ate' an Elephant Zoan fruit. Apart from that, that… entity is weaker than your average
Marine. But morally?" He ground his teeth, surely imagining the bullshit on the Bridge of
Hesitation. "Let me put it this way: I haven't killed the Unluckies because I believed they
aren't worth it, because I feared I'd regret it. Him?" A vicious smile crawled onto Cross' face.
"I could hand him over to a maddened Chopper as a guinea pig, and that would
be kind compared to what I'd do to him given half a chance."
The others stared at our crewmate in something approaching horror.
"Cross—" Soundbite started fearfully.
"Don't." I insisted, fuming. "I agree with Cross completely. Cause that fucker abused Robin."
Zoro and Nami froze up instantly. "In every conceivable way sans sexually, and I'm sure
that's only due to him being far too in love with himself. From the moment she arrived in
Enies to the moment we rescued her, she endured mental, physical and emotional torture on
an atrocious level. Spandam is the epitome of everything wrong with humanity; weakminded, weak-willed, and physically weak evil bastard, with a plethora of pride and power. If
we invade Enies Lobby, between Cross and I, that shitstain is going to end up either dead…
or worse. Objections, anyone?"
"NO." Nami, Zoro and Soundbite intoned without hesitation.
"Good. Now for something completely different. How went the meeting with Iceberg?"
Nami took a deep breath to calm herself. "You mean apart from being as irresponsible as you
implied?" she deadpanned before shrugging casually. "Perfectly fine. He listened to our

request and accepted a ฿100 Million down payment after we gave him Granny Kokoro's
letter. He said he'll either send one of his foremen or come around himself after a while." She
paused and frowned. "We don't have to worry about the other foremen, right?"
"Eh…" Cross gestured in a 'so-so- manner. "If CP9 manages to frame us for hurting Iceberg
or Galley-La in general? Quite possibly, they've a strong sense of camaraderie. Otherwise, the
most dangerous thing about them is their quirks; primarily that of Paulie trying to cut and run
with a brick of gold. Basically, they're like us: we don't tick them off, and we're all good."
"So," Zoro grunted. "Now we wait?"
"Pretty much, yeah." Cross shrugged and reached for his transceiver. "Well, I guess I may as
well start up another SBS—"
"Puru puru puru puru!"
"Or take a call, that works too." he continued smoothly, checking the caller ID. "MI4." he
confirmed, moving to pick up the call. Then he paused, and a wicked grin played over his
face. "Oh, Soundbite? Make me sound like Apoo."
I snorted several times before getting myself under control.
"OH CROSS, you son of a—Puru puru puru puru!" Soundbite chortled.
"And proud of it." Cross snickered, before picking up the receiver. "Apapapapapa! Hellooo,
you've reached Scatchmen Apoo! Sorry, but Mister Cross has been disconnected!"
Nami facepalmed with a goan, while Zoro smirked in sadistic amusement.
Cross swiftly chopped a hand across his throat, bursting out cackling at Soundbite's
expression contorting in panic and horror. "Oh-hoh, MAN, you should have seen your faces!
I-I'm sorry, but that was just straight-up hi-hi-larious! PFFHAHAHAHAAA!" Cross' laughter
trailed off as he noticed Soundbite glaring at him in intense concentration. "Uh…"
"Oh, don't mind me, Cross." came Tashigi's voice, sounding about two seconds from
snapping. "I'm just trying to kill you with the POWER OF MY FUCKING MIND!"
"If that were possible, Tashigi, he never would've escaped Loguetown." Smoker cut in.
"Or Alabasta." Hina added.
"Or Skypeia." T-Bone wheezed.
"Or Navarone." finished a familiar voice.
"Alright, alright, I get the point alre—huh?" Cross blinked, and then grinned as he realized.
"Jonathan, you devious chess-bastard, I knew you'd come around! Good thing, too, now Vivi

owes me a hefty chunk of change."
Nami tsked and tossed a wad of Beri at the Commie. "Here, I bet her the opposite."
"That makes this doubly sweet!" he crowed.
"CHA-CHING!" Soundbite whooped.
*ZOT*
Cross flinched slightly before Nami's sudden mini-bolt, but swiftly recovered and stuck his
tongue out at Nami. "Nice try, but no dice!"
"Damn Chopper's freaky-good therapy…" she scowled, spinning her staff-piece back into
place.
"Hmph. Good to see that you're as composed as ever, Mister Cross." Jonathan chuckled. "I
admit I had some apprehensions at first, but time and the SBS wore them away, and after
speaking to Commodore Smoker, I was quite satisfied to join what's now MI5, claiming the
codename Sagittarius. My four officers and Jessica have signed on as well, they're in the
process of informing the rest of Navarone."
"Great to hear!" Cross wrung his hands eagerly. "Now, before we get to business, I believe
I'm owed an apology?" He ignored Nami's mutters of 'pushing his luck'.
"I don't apologize to many people for many things, Cross." Smoker grunted. "I'll be damned
if I add you to the list of those I do apologize to for not considering that someone could or
would trick Akainu like Jonathan did."
"In fact," Hina cut in dryly. "Hina wonders how you found out this secret when he managed
to fool everyone else in the Navy."
"As would I." Jonathan spoke up, voice and demeanor now in 'prowling Sea King'
mode. "Aside from my laid-back demeanor since taking command of G-8, I've never given
any indication that I've failed to learn the spirit of Akainu's lessons. You may have a
reputation for being impossibly well-informed, but this borders on
being genuinely impossible, if not utterly. So, considering the fact that anyone beyond present
company and my soldiers learning it would be potentially fatal, I insist you answer this: how
did you find out?"
"And no nonsense like you spouted on Skypeia, this time we're not leaving without an
answer." Tashigi intoned firmly.
"Ah…"
Yeeeaaah, maybe Cross (and I) should've thought about this before bringing a
hyperintelligent chessmaster into the fold. That being said, it might be a good idea to bring
them in on the secret. The crew's reaction to the truth wasn't that bad, so maybe they'd take it

well too. Then again, Straw Hat Bullshit…
"Guys."
We snapped to Zoro, who looked at Cross and I with an uncharacteristically analytical gaze.
"Tell them." he ordered in a firm tone.
"What?!" Nami and Cross hissed simultaneously. Nami then followed up with, "Are you out
of your moss-ridden—?!"
"They deserve to know." he interrupted, his gaze frosty. "They might not fly under our flag,
but they are our allies, and I seriously doubt they'll tell anyone. And even if they did, it's that
chess-guy all over again: they spill our secret, we spill theirs."
"Glad to see you're as insensitive as ever, Roronoa." Tashigi deadpanned.
"Glad to see that you're as grateful as ever, four-eyes." Zoro shot back.
"Glad to see that you're still a barbarian."
"Glad to see you're still a novice."
"BASTARD, I CUT PEOPLE!"
"For the love of GOD, FUCK OR KILL EACH OTHER, but don't use me to pussyfoot
around!"
"SHUT IT, SNAIL!" the swordsmen roared simultaneously over my own roaring laughter.
"Enough." T-Bone wheezed, his shaky voice as firm as iron. "Gentlemen, we're waiting."
I saw Cross grimace at the fact that we didn't have much choice here. He looked at me, and I
just shrugged at him. "Unless you have any better ideas…"
It took him a few moments, but his eyes lit up, and he composed himself before addressing
our allies. "Let me be clear: the explanation is of a magnitude that you can't begin to imagine,
to the point that we haven't even told our more recent crewmates yet. I do not want to say it
more times than I absolutely have to, as it's a damn long story and there's gonna be a lot of
disbelief.
"So here's the deal: there's one more decent Marine of significant standing that I'm relatively
sure you can convince to join you right now. When you've recruited Vice Admiral Tsuru, we
reveal the secret to you. Fair enough?"
'Ohhh, Christ…'
"Tsuru…" Smoker grumbled with a doubtful grimace. "You don't ask for anything easy, do
you Cross?"

The Commie blinked. "Wait, what? You didn't object when I recommended her the night
before you met with T-Bone."
"I imagine that admitting a Vice Admiral to a list of potential allies is vastly different from
actually trying to recruit her, Mister Cross." T-Bone wheezed.
"Nail on the head there, sir." Tashigi moaned.
"That's a fair assessment." I admitted. "'Great Staff Officer' Tsuru, while wise and righteous,
is also one of Sengoku's closest confidants. The man is probably not corrupt, but also doesn't
oppose the WG. Sound about right?"
"Right on all counts." Hina grumbled. "Hina believes it would take a cataclysm of untold
depths to fracture their bond even a little."
"I see, I see." Cross nodded casually. "Then in that case, I have a question: T-Bone, would
you happen to currently be on assignment to… mmm, given the timing, I'm gonna say…
Enies 'Kangaroo Court' Lobby?"
Dead silence rang out for a few seconds before T-Bone groaned. "I won't even question it. I
don't suppose you'd happen to know what my assignment is to be, would you? The mood here
is… tense. I've never seen the Lobby garrisoned so thoroughly."
Cross smiled grimly. "Security detail. You're going to be safeguarding the return of a CP9 hitsquad who'll be bringing with them the blueprints of the Ancient Weapon Pluton AND!" He
cut off the horrified gasps and hisses. "And… our kidnapped archaeologist."
Once again, silence. Then Tashigi piped in with, "...Oh, for fuck's sake, Cross."
"Right there with you, Tashigi." Jonathan sighed.
Cross chuckled grimly as Nami shook her head with an exasperated sigh, and Zoro and I
smirked. "Don't get me wrong, we're going to fight tooth and nail to stop this shit from going
down. But if we fail, well…" Cross' grin turned severely savage. "Then I'm going to do more
to the World Government in the span of hours than I have in all of my past
broadcasts combined."
I didn't say so, but personally? I kinda hoped we'd fail. If only so we could enact the damage
Cross spoke of. I wanted the WG to suffer, as much as possible. Or, the leadership, anyway.
My past actions should indicate that much, at least.
"And should we win… Well, I can only imagine the kind of holy hell that'll be raised by the
confirmation of CP9's existence, the complete destruction of one of the Government's three
sacred bases, and an exclusive interview with Nico Robin covering the events on Ohara. Is
that cataclysmic enough for you?"
"Enough that Hina is sorry she asked." Hina replied weakly. "I hope you realize that if this

comes to pass, your name is likely to be spoken of in the same breath as the likes of Dragon
and the Emperors."
"You just don't get it, do you?" I scowled darkly. "Our crew stand by the same standards as
Whitebeard and Shanks: lay hands on one of our own in any way, and that's a declaration of
all-out war."
"It should've been clear from the very first SBS broadcast: if it's for one of our friends, we
welcome infamy with open arms." Cross shook his head with a sigh. "Anyway, enough
preaching. Anything else you called for?"
"Only that I made an attempt to convince 'Black Bart' to join us, and he almost agreed, but he
requested proof that we're in contact with you." Hina replied. "Mention the words 'Rooster'
and 'Integrity' in the same sentence on your next broadcast."
"I'll see if I can work it in somehow." Cross nodded.
"On a lighter note, Mister Cross, pass my thanks to Miss Robin for the suggestion she offered
in regards to Major Shepherd." Jonathan spoke up with a smirk. "He was so flustered in front
of the court that he all but confessed to the charges presented, and they subsequently
uncovered a significant history of corruption."
Cross smirked. "How significant?"
"Ooooh, where to begin~!" Tashigi sang eagerly. "Extreme embezzlement, framing several
investigators looking into him, and acting as something of a 'fixer' for other Marines like him.
He'd make reports about them go away for a price and then transfer them to, shall we say,
'sympathetic bases'. Such as… East Blue Base 16 under one Captain Nezumi, who
has also been scheduled for court-martialing?"
"Now that," Nami snapped her head around with a sadistic grin. "That is good news; that
money-grubbing rat-bastard is the biggest reason that Arlong never got reported."
"Oh, really?" Jonathan asked in a similar tone. "In that case, I think I'll put a word in myself,
for Bellemere's sake." Right, she was a good friend of his, and trained together. Wasn't that a
nice surprise I learned when getting debriefed on the Navarone escapade.
"BY THE WAY," Soundbite spoke up curiously. "What's with the good mood,
TASHIGI? Steal another sword RECENTLY?"
"Eeheeheehee~!" Tashigi giggled ecstatically. "Not even your vile words can bring me down,
you petulant pest! I'm riding on a power-high!"
"Marine HQ tapped the good officer to lead the investigation into Shepherd for her excellent
intellect and analytical skills." T-Bone explained.
"Not only did I have the immense honor of pinning that scumbag to the floor, but I hauled in
a nice juicy promotion to go with it!" Tashigi squealed with an enormous grin. "Ensign no

more, you now speak to Lieutenant J.G. -soon to be Lieutenant proper- Tashigi! Haha, woo!"
Cross appeared to consider this for a moment before adopting a thoughtful look. "So, to be
clear here…" he queried innocently. "You're excited about moving up the ranks of a—
HUEGHCK!!" He choked as I lightly chopped him in the throat.
"Considering I have an idea of what you were gonna say?" I spoke up. "No. No messing with
the good Lieutenant's good mood, especially when it might get screwed if we end up visiting
Enies Lobby." I turned back to the snail. "Congrats on everything, El-Tee. Keep up the good
work."
Tashigi smiled gratefully. "Thank you, Evan. I shall. Now, I think we'll end this call before
Cross gets another word in. Bye now! *KA-LICK*"
Cross, clearing his throat, glared at me. "Dick."
I grinned back. "Takes one to know one, right?"
"Fair enough."
Nami smirked at the Commie. "You really can't help yourself, can you?"
"I have a naturally aggravating personality, so sue me."
"Anyway," Zoro spoke, rolling his eyes. "This Franky guy who's gonna be helping build our
new ship, what's he like?"
"Hm… well, first, he's kind of…"
"SUPER!"
"Exactly like tha—the hell?!" Cross exclaimed, bolting towards the door and wrenching it
open. My surprised expression matched his as we beheld Franky on Merry's deck in his
signature pose… with Boss and his students posing with him, Usopp and Luffy laughing and
clapping eagerly.
"AWESOME!" Luffy cheered. "So, you're, like, half a robot and you run on cola?!"
"Yep! I keep it right here, nice and cold!" Franky confirmed, opening his abs to show a
refrigerator filled with three cola bottles.
Nami's eyelid twitched at the sight. "Well, there's something I can never un-see."
"Woah! That must be way useful in the summer! But how the heck did you manage to fit that
in your own body without any negative effects from the temperature?" Usopp asked
incredulously.
"Well, my belly is always cold because of this, but—"

"I have a question!" Luffy snapped a hand up suddenly.
"DON'T INTERRUPT MY QUESTION!" Usopp yelled, dope-slapping the Captain.
"Yeah? What's up, Straw Hat?" Franky asked.
"Do you po—?"
"OY!" Cross cut in.
"Eh? Oh, hey, Cross!" Franky laughed, waving. "I was just about to tell your crewmates here
how my insides work! Wanna sit in?"
"Actually, we're kinda wondering what you're doing here, dude." I spoke up, scratching my
head. "Shouldn't you be headed out to St. Poplar with our money?"
"Eh? The heck are you talkin' about? Yeah, I've taken care of business with my family and
I'm heading out soon, but I had to come here first!" Franky flexed his arms in a square.
"Uh…" Cross uttered. "And you… had to come here, why exactly?"
"Because Granny Kokoro's letter told me to, duh. She told me to show up… here… ahh."
Franky smirked in amusement at our confusion. "Lemme guess, she didn't tell ya anything
about that, huh?" He snickered, running a hand through his pompadour. "Aahh, yeah, that
takes me back. The old hag does whatever she wants, whenever she wants, and only she
knows the true breadth and width of her plans. You know, one time…!"
My eyes widened, as pieces quickly fell into place. If Kokoro told Franky to come here, then
—! "Ohhh, no…" I muttered in worry.
"Ahoy there! May we come aboard?" came a familiar voice from the shoreline. Cross and
Franky both froze up, then snapped to the railings and looked overboard. When I joined
them, I saw that things were even worse than I thought. It wasn't just Galley-La President and
Water 7 Mayor Iceberg present, along with his VP Paulie.
Iceberg had also brought Kaku and Kalifa with him. Half of CP9's Water 7 team were right
here, and their main objective was currently onboard with us. Shit was about to hit the fan in
a spectacular manner.

A/N: Sorry if this just feels like more TB!Filler. But these chapters are important to me,
showing Evan not just changing things (when he actually does, lol), but his interactions
with events. Hell, I got most of the way through the Franky House Scene before
deciding to cut it because it would just be another separate chapter of 'filler'. And the

Franky House Scene is a fave of mine, it's hilarious! Either way, we'll get to Enies soon
enough, my friends. Have some gott-dayum faith!

Chapter 42: The Broken Cover
A/N: Surprise! Cranked this one out real fast, just for you guys! Hope you enjoy!

*CHOMP*
"YEARGH!" Cross roared in agony, leaping back from the railing with Soundbite's jaws
clamped on his neck. "MAUDIT PUTAIN D'UN ESPÈCE DE SALAUD SALOPARD QUI
BRÛLE DANS LE MAUDIT ENFER AVEC UN SEAU DE*—SOMEBODY GET THIS
LITTLE SHIT OFF ME, DAMMIT!"
…okay, what the fuck.
"I've heard the phrase 'pardon my French', but this is ridiculous." Vivi deadpanned, poking
her head out.
"SOMEBODY HELP ALREADY, HE'S OVER MY FUCKING CAROTID!"
Nami and I dashed over and began trying to separate the two, to no avail. "Soundbite, what
the hell are you—?!" she started to snarl.
"Iceberg's here, he's brought Kaku and Kalifa with him, and Franky has the blueprints inside
his fucking body!" he dissed desperately.
Ah, that makes more sense, he needed a cover for freaking the fuck out. Understandable,
have a nice day.
Nami went pale as she glanced over at Franky a moment. "...shit."
"No fuck." he snapped back. "Tell the others, and emphasize to Zoro—GAH!" He cut off as
Soundbite finally let go. "Agh… emphasize that they'll pick up on even a hint of killing
intent. If they think their cover's broken—"
"We're dead, got it." Nami nodded grimly, before adopting an air of exasperation and stalking
over to Vivi. I offered the Phial to Cross, who took a small mouthful to reverse the damage
the snail had done.
"Well, that's the last time I ask you to do that." Cross muttered to his partner.
"WON'T BE soon enough!" Soundbite spat, tongue hanging out in disgust. "YOU NEED A
BATH, dude!"
"What exactly did you do to provoke the snail, Cross?" Franky asked quizzically.

"OH, I just wanted to get ANOTHER INSTANCE of his INCOHERENT SWEARING."
Soundbite chirped without missing a beat.
Franky rolled his eyes with a chuckle. "Well, I don't know French, but I can't deny that that
was funny. Anyway, back to the matter at hand…" he growled, moving to literally butt heads
with Iceberg the second the man saw his old rival.
"What the hell are you doing here, Ice-For-Brains?" Franky snarled. "And what's with that rat
in your pocket?"
"First of all, Flunky, Tyrannosaurus is a mouse and he is a perfectly sensible choice for a pet,
surpassing those two behemoths you took in." Iceberg responded with equal venom. "And
second, that should be my question for you. When have you ever built anything seaworthy
that ended in something other than disaster?"
"Uh…" Leo slowly raised a flipper. "Are they… always like this?"
Paulie heaved a sigh as he pinched the bridge of his nose in exasperation. "Sadly, yes.
Seriously, half of Water 7 sets their clocks to these damn fights…"
"Half nothing, I take my lunch breaks whenever they clash." Kaku scoffed.
"It's like watching a shipwreck…" Mikey whispered in awe. "You know it's horrific… but
you just can't look away."
The two former apprentices continued to argue, until a familiar and slurred voice shouted,
"ENOUGH!"
I sighed. "And here comes the architect of this shitstorm…"
"G-Granny Kokoro?!" Franky sputtered incredulously.
"What in the world are you doing here, ma'am?" Iceberg asked in confusion.
"W-What'm I doin' here?" the mermaid in disguise scoffed drunkenly, hopping off the
Merry's railing. "Z-Zat should be obvioush, conshidering that I called you boysh here! And
ash for why you're here…" She took a deep swig from the bottle she carried before
continuing. "I brought you here sho zat we can put this shtupid feud a' yers on pause long
enough fer you ta help theshe niche people!" She paused, swaying a bit before jabbing a
thumb over her shoulder. "Alsho, I came here wiff Chimney an' Gonbe ta ride out Aqua
Laguna."
"Hi Big Bro Franky, Hi Big Bro Iceberg!" a chipper young voice called out from the ground
below. "Gonbe and I are gonna go wait for you at the hotel, alright, Granny?"
"Shure thing, Chimney, have fun!"

"We will! Bye, everyone!"
"Bye, guyth!" another rather familiar voice called up.
'Sylvester J.Pussycat, eh?' I thought to myself. 'Fair enough. As I recall,
Gonbe actually meows. Could be weirder.'
"Now where wush I… Ergh, mightah hit the booze a bit too hard after hearin' Yokozuna
talk…" She napped her fingers and barked out a relieved laugh. "Right! I'm here to get you
two dumbasses to shtop acting like idiots and get yoush tah play nice again, like the good ol'
days!"
Both men immediately froze, exchanging glances before beginning to utter frantic denials.
"KNOCK IT OFF!" Kokoro cut them off. "The Straw Hats are decent folk, and you've—"
She jabbed a shaky finger at Iceberg. "Got some a' yer most trushted workersh with ya'. No
one ain't gonna tell nobody nothin', so you're gonna drop the bullshit and be good for ten
minutesh, got it?!"
'Oh, God, this is gonna get worse before it gets better…'
"Ah, pardon me, Lady Kokoro!" Kaku raised his hand. "But what are you talking about? Are
you saying that Franky and Mayor Iceberg have a past? I thought they hated each other?
Well… not that I particularly blame the Mayor due to Franky's rampages…"
"Among other things…" Iceberg agreed.
"Watch it, square-nose—" Franky warned the carpenter.
"BEHAVE!"
"AGH! / OW!"
Kokoro moved far faster than anyone her age and inebriation had any right to, and grabbed
both men by the ears, yanking them hard.
"Now, lishen up!" Kokoro slurred, holding the two most powerful men of Water 7 at her
mercy. "These two? Yeah, they've alwaysh hated each others guts, that'sh fer sure,
but once upon a time, they were at leasht able to work together to make great
thingsh, great thingsh! An' considerin' what I shaw an' felt earlier today, theshe people here
deserve nothing lessh than the very best poshible! Nothing lessh than what Tom's Workers
were capable of, do you hear me?!"
Franky shot a terrified look at Kokoro. "Damn it, Granny, I know you're sloshed right now,
but will you please think about what the hell you're—YEOW!" The cyborg was cut off by a
rather vicious yank.
"You think I haven't thought thish over?" Kokoro said with a drunken glare. "None of us have

been the shame shince Tom died, I'll admit, but thish crew'sh different! Thish crew holdsh as
much promise as Roger'sh did, if not more! And with everything that their ship hash gone
through? Jusht take a second, the both of you, and lishen to thish ship."
For a few seconds, there was nothing but silence. Then everyone, even the CP9 agents,
shivered as another wave of emotion rolled over us all, conveying an undeniable feeling of
gratitude.
"There, you shee?" Kokoro demanded firmly. "Thish crews ship lovesh 'em! And they love it!
Thish crew ashked for the besht they could get, comparable to Roger'sh Jackson, and they
deserve it!" Kokoro huffed and panted for a moment before bowing her head morosely.
"There'sh only one way they can get a ship like that. Only one way to get a ship sho…
sho incredible." She looked up and pinned her surrogate sons with a determined look, pure
steel cutting through the inebriated haze. "So I say… I say that we bring
this damned company back to life… one more time, just one more time. Just long enough for
Tom's two successors, Iceberg and Cutty Flam, to come together and build the Oro Jackson's
successor, this little ship's successor… for the sake of Roger's successor."
That… was an awesome, and totally heartwarming speech. It would be a moment to make me
tear up a bit… if it weren't for the two Government stooges nearby. Speaking of whom, out of
the corner of my eye, I saw Kalifa and Kaku's masks slip for a moment, and they knew damn
well that they had located their target. I wasn't sure what we were gonna do to turn this
around, but I was fully ready to throw down if neces—
"Hey, shouldn't Sanji, Chopper, and Robin be back by now?" Luffy asked obliviously. "I'm
hungry."
"...Now that you mention it, I didn't give them that much cash, they shouldn't be taking this
long." Nami remarked, looking toward Water 7 with a frown.
That… that fed my anxiety, that did. There's no way… right?
"...Before I agree… allow me to clarify something: you have Nico Robin as part of your
crew?" Iceberg asked with ill-concealed coldness.
"Yeah, she's our archaeology and stealth specialist." I answered, then narrowed my eyes at
him. "Why? You got a problem with her?"
Iceberg stared for a few moments before shaking his head. "No, not rea—"
"Don't give me that." Cross snapped. "Don't tell me: you actually believe what the
Government says about her, don't you."
As Iceberg blinked, Cross facepalmed, sliding it down in a clear show of exasperation.
However, that was used to hide his instructions he hissed to Soundbite, who relayed it to the
rest of us mates. Subsequently, Nami and Zoro casually headed into the storeroom, leaving
the door open.

"You actually think that she wants to destroy the world?" Cross continued. "That she sank six
battleships on her own when she was eight?" Seriously, Iceberg, you're smarter than that: if
I've proven anything with my show, it's that you can't trust everything that the Government
says. In fact… you and Franky should know that better than most." Both men stiffened and
seemed a second from reacting with hostility. "And that's just another one of the many
injustices that drove me to start the SBS in the first place."
That gave them pause, and they both relaxed marginally. "You and your impossible
knowledge…" Franky said, staring hard. "What exactly are you trying to say?"
"What are we trying to say?" I repeated. "Robin's one and only interest -along with the rest of
Ohara's archaeologists- is nothing more or less than History. Before she officially joined us, I
accompanied her to a Poneglyph that bore the location of Pluton. When Crocodile ordered
her to translate, she lied to his face. The fact that damn cube didn't contain the history she'd
been looking for after all she went through devastated her. If it weren't for me offering her a
place on the crew, she'd have been ready to simply lay down and die in that buried tomb."
We let that sink in before Cross nodded. "Evan and Luffy saved her, and that's why she came
onboard with us; since then, she's become one of us. And trust me when I say that bringing up
the Government's lies about her bounty is something that we will not stand for!"
Iceberg and Franky both stared at us, and looked about the rest of the deck, finding nothing
but solidarity. "How certain are you that she has no interest in reviving the Ancient
Weapons?" Iceberg asked quietly.
"I bet my life on it." Cross and I said in unison. We didn't even glance at each other, eyes
locked with Iceberg.
The man searched both of us for any sign of deceit, and failed. He sighed, and closed his
eyes. "...Franky. If Nico Robin has no interest in reviving Pluton, and the only Poneglyph
with its location is buried, then there's only one course of action to take now." he said quietly.
Franky nodded with a solemn chuckle. Yeah, yeah, don't need to tell me twice. Shame,
though…" He cloaked open his torso-fridge and began absentmindedly rummaging through
it. "I really wanted to use at least some of these designs…"
"Huh?" Kokoro looked between them in shock. "Are you gonna do what I think you are?
You're really gonna do that to Tom's gift?"
"It's more the curse of the company than anything." Iceberg replied, scratching the back of his
head with a wry chuckle.
"Yep, this thing's been nothing but a ball and chain." Franky agreed, withdrawing his arm.
"To be completely honest? I won't be sad to see this thing—!"
Time seemed to slow to a crawl as the cyborg brought a sheaf of papers level with his head,
then suddenly, Kaku and Kalifa had moved from where they stood by Paulie, to right in front
of Franky, hands outstretched desperately to reach for the blueprints—

*FWOOSH* "YEOW!"
A second later, Franky was dancing around and flailing his burning hand in terror, and
everyone else stared at the burning, tar-covered mass the blueprints had become.
"To answer your question…" Cross spoke, proudly petting Lassoo with a sadistic smile on his
face. "Yes, I did do that on purpose. Spandam won't be happy, will he?"
The pair tried to keep calm, they really did. But in the end, their masks shattered to reveal the
pure rage beneath. "You're dead." they intoned emotionlessly. They both blurred and—
*CLANG*
Reappeared right in front of Cross, raised legs struggling against what appeared to be thin air.
"And now, you just broke cover." Cross chuckled. "Forget that pathetic excuse for a human
being you call a chief, Lucci is gonna be furious." Cross shook his head as he spread his arms
in a 'what can you do' manner. "You two picked the wrong person to try maintaining cover in
front of; nobody withstands my words."
"Now if only you could find a way to do more with less, you bigmouth." Nami chuckled as
her Mirage Tempo faded away, revealing her and Zoro blocking Kalifa and Kaku's legs,
respectively.
"Speak for yourself, witch." Zoro chuckled around Wado's hilt, looking like he was having
the time of his life. "Considering how every time he opens his mouth we get into a fight, I
think I'm starting to actually like hearing Cross talk."
"Before you two get it in your heads to start arguing," Vivi soothed as she stepped up behind
the assassins, spinning one of her Lion Cutters. "I formally suggest that we agree to disagree.
Agreed?"
"Agreed." They concurred.
"OK, WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK IS GOING ON HERE?!" Paulie roared, fed up with
being kept in the dark.
"Yeah, Cross, what's going on?" Luffy asked, head tilted in confusion.
"DAMN IT, YOU'VE BEEN HIDING STUFF FROM US AGAIN, HAVEN'T YOU?!"
Usopp sobbed from where he hid behind the mast.
"Hey, well, I for one don't mind!" Boss chuckled as he drew out his dart and let it swing like
a pendulum. "I like to be surprised! It's pleasant, makes me feel all tingly inside! Ain't no
other feeling like it! Ain't that right boys?"
"BOSS, YES BOSS!" the TDWS barked, falling into ready positions.

"It does tend to keep us on our toes, doesn't it." Reiju agreed, flexing one hand aglow with
poison aura.
"Allow me to elucidate and elaborate." I announced. "These two are half of the deep-cover
infiltration team from the World Government's covert hit-squad Cipher Pol 9. Their mission
was to gain the trust of Water 7's citizenry in order to locate and acquire the blueprints for
Pluton. Thankfully, Lasso just took care of that real quick. We'd been planning to be more
subtle, derail their plans quietly and such…" I leveled the driest look I could at Granny
Kokoro. "However, someone just had to go and drunkenly throw things off for us, now didn't
they?"
"Nagagagaga!" Kokoro cackled, scratching the back of her head sheepishly. "Whoops! Sorry,
my bad! Nagagagaga!"
"DON'T JUST STAND THERE AND LAUGH AFTER SHAMELESSLY SCREWING UP
ONE OF MY PLANS, YOU DAMN HAGFISH!" Cross barked indignantly.
"Icefish, actually!"
"Ergh…" Cross scowled, running a hand beneath his cap. "Alright, anyway, getting back on
track…" He grinned malevolently, slamming fist to palm. "How about we all join in on the
time-honored pastime of beating World Government employees senseless?"
"God, yes please." I agreed eagerly, cracking my neck.
The agents exchanged glances. "Clearly, Mister Cross, you've yet to show the world even a
fraction of the depth of your knowledge, "Kaku enunciated coldly. "Regardless, I would
recommend that all of you show restraint. Challenging CP9 is a thoroughly foolhardy actio
—"
"Oh for the love of Micheal Jackson!" I exclaimed. "Do you live in a cave? We! Are! Pirates!
We fight the Government on principle alone, and we're already Wanted. Your 'Official' status
is nothing to us."
Kaku blinked in surprise for a few seconds before sighing. "Well, there goes half my
argument… but if you know this much, it's safe to assume you know how strong we are.
Challenging us to a fight is suicidal."
"Gimme a break." Cross snorted. "Now all you're doing right now is sticking out your giant
nec—er…" Cross surreptitiously coughed into his fist. "Nose, and inviting us to try cutting it.
Look around! You guys might be bigshot badasses, sure, but us? I know for a fact that we're
in the top ten when it comes to this generation of pirates, and that's just our Captain, First
Mate and Chronicler. Who are all present, I might add."
Luffy tapped his pipe in hand, I mock saluted, and Zoro's already savage smile widened.
"Even besides them, however, it's still 17 against 2."

"AHEM!"
"If you say so, Su." Cross rolled his eyes. "18 against 2. And while not all of those 18 can go
frontline on a whim—"
"I'm fine up here, thanks!" Usopp called from the crow's nest, Kinthara drawn and aimed.
"—the rest of us very much can." He gestured to Lassoo, who leapt up and transformed to let
Cross shoulder him. Conis likewise unslung her Burn Bazooka into a reverse grip, Carue
spread his wings to menacingly flash his blades, and the TDWS repositioned themselves
around the assassins to cut off any means of escape.
Kalifa scoffed. "Numbers mean nothing. Allow us to demonstrate the formidability of the Six
—"
*ZAP*
Kalifa's eyes shot wide, a gasping scream escaping her lips as Nami nonchalantly
disconnected and jammed her Clima-Tact's Thunder Rod into her stomach. The ex-secretary
stumbled back, coughing up smoke.
"Science Lesson: be it a cloud or a body, iron still conducts electricity." Nami explained
smoothly.
"Damn you—!" Kaku began to snarl.
*WHAM*
"GAH!" he yelped, collapsing to his knees.
"Strong Right." Franky enunciated, reeling his fist's chain back in.
Kaku then grunted in pain as Zoro pierced his leg with Kitetsu, caught off-guard.
"Stay down." Zoro intoned viciously, pointing Yubashiti in his face. "Or else I'll make sure
that nobody mistakes you for our sniper again."
"HEY!"
"It's true, and you know it!"
Meanwhile, Kalifa tried to make a run for it—
"Bakudo #63: Sajō Sabaku."
"GYAH!"
But found herself bound by thick golden rope, hung upside-down as it led over the mast and

into my hand. "Don't even think about giving me any 'sexual harassment' bullshit." I told her.
"After all, why would I bother with you when I already have a woman a hundred times sexier
than you?"
Nami preened as Kalifa glared at me hard, but didn't say anything.
Cross snickered behind his fist. "Seriously, Iceberg, how'd you ever deal with her? Honestly, I
just don't see a lot of difference between the agent and the secretary. Hey, lady, on the remote
chance that you ever go undercover again, I think you could benefit from being a little
more…" He snapped his fingers. "Oh, I know! Go for bubbly!"
That got Kalifa to react, twisting around to pin Cross with a murderous glare. "Bubbly…" she
repeated frigidly. "Excuse me if I think that would never be at all beneficial, and if I refuse to
ever take advice from you, brat."
Cross responded by ordering up a Gastro-Phony for her, making the woman turn green and
groan, impressively resisting most of the effect. A grin passed onto my face as I got an idea
to test that resiliency. "Now, I wonder how Laskey would feel, knowing that both his
daughters failed in their biggest objectives, hmm?" I asked innocently.
That took her by surprise alright, and threw her off enough to lose to the Gastro-Phony and
vomit.
"Now for the square-Tengu." I said, turning my gaze to Kaku.
The carpenter panted desperately, looking for any avenue of escape before finally latching
onto Paulie. "P-Paulie, please, listen to me!" he pleaded, very convincingly too. If I didn't
know better, I'd think he was genuine. "I-I'm sorry for lying to you, but I had to! The
Government, y-you don't just disobey it on a whim! I had to do as they ordered to survive, but
I swear, the last five years have been the best of my life! J-Just let me go and things can go
back to—!"
*THWACK*
The assassin's pleading was cut short by a fist to the face, bouncing his head off the deck.
"You're fired." Iceberg announced grimly, rubbing his bleeding knuckles and shooting a dark
glare at Kalifa. "And don't even think about using me as a reference."
Kaku's only response was a tortured groan.
"I PITY THE FOOLS!" came the voice of Mister T from Iceberg's breast pocket, making us
all jump. Soundbite, of course, was laughing his sorry slimy ass off, and I couldn't help a
snicker myself.
"Someday, you're gonna have to learn that you're not even half as funny as you think you
are." Cross facepalmed.
"I'LL BELIEVE THAT when you-know-who SAYS IT!
HAHAHAHEEHEEHEEHOOHOOHOO —Puru puru puru puru!— eh? Ah, damn."

Soundbite rolled his eyes. "It's like the world —Puru puru puru puru!— FREAKING TIMES
IT!"
"It probably does." Cross shrugged. "So, who's calling? Them?"
"Nah, looks like —Puru puru puru puru!— it's Pin—!" Soundbite paused in horror. "—
KIE…"
I froze up. 'No… nononono…'
Pinkie. Chopper has Pinkie.
Cross felt similarly, as he grit his teeth and slowly answered the call. "...Do I… even need…
to ask?" he hissed vehemently.
"...she tied Sanji into a pretzel when I wasn't looking, and then she was just gone." Chopper
whispered solemnly.
'FUUUUUUUUUUU—!'
"...I knew it. I know it. I fucking knew it! ROBIN, YOU IDIOT!" Cross snarled, furiously
slamming his fist into the mast.
Zoro growled viciously as he yanked his blade out of Kaku's leg, turning to Cross. "So, what
do we do no—?"
Credit where it was due, those CP9 bastards are fast as fuck. In an instant, Kaku went from
lying flat on the deck, to spinning in a handstand and casting a Tempest Kick right at me. To
my shame, the news I'd just received had me reeling and off-guard, enabling him to hit me
and break my concentration on my Kido. Kalifa flipped midair as she fell, and the second she
touched the deck, she and Kaku straight up vanished.
We all stared at the space they'd occupied moments ago in utter shock.
"Well… SHIT." Soundbite summarized.
With that, we kicked ourselves into high gear, slapped a quick plan together, and got going.
We needed to get into the public eye, Paulie and Iceberg especially, so that CP9 didn't turn
the island against us via shadow gaming. Otherwise, the goal was find Robin, and find CP9
and run their fade. Unless it was Lucci, but whatever.
It took me an embarrassingly long time to remember my gods-be-damned Reikaku. Not
surprising, given how often it's failed me. I didn't recall my spirit senses until a good while
after I'd heard that Cross had been tricked by Robin into getting ambushed in Blueno's bar,
transceiver stolen and knocked unconscious somewhere. When I did remember, I quite
literally put my head through the nearest wall in frustration, then sensed out where Cross
was. Apparently, he'd been left in the backstreets -directly in the path of Aqua Laguna, no
less-, with Robin's cowboy hat left atop his head. We both understood the implications of

that, and were sufficiently pissed.
I quickly deposited Cross and Co. to safety, and immediately took off in the direction where I
detected Robin, and several unfamiliar signatures that had to be CP9. However, when I was
about to reach their location, each and every one of them straight up vanished from my
senses. They were just… GONE. I spent a while searching around, trying to figure out how in
the flying actual fuck they could possibly manage to hide themselves from something
that doesn't exist in this world.
It eventually hit me like the Puffing Tom itself. Blueno's Door-Door Fruit. They were hiding
in the Air Door Dimension, where I couldn't sense them. Robin knows about my Reikaku
abilities, and must've realized I could find them that way and told them. Now they were as
good as gone.
We proceeded to converge on Iceberg's manor to protect both him and Franky -in spite of the
cyborg's protests- from any attempts on their life. Sadly, this was in vain, as on the night of
their departure, they blitzed in and out via the Air Door to take Franky, then later re-emerged
at Blue Station to board Puffing Tom. Iceberg had tried to help by ordering it to halt instation, but CP9 had clearly compromised the chain of communication, as Puffing Tom
instead roared straight through at top speed, chugging on to Enies Lobby with their VIPs
aboard. However, Sanji, Conis, and Boss had managed to get aboard at roughly the same time
seemingly undetected, so we'll have to see if they can do something to help.
Until then, we were currently waiting on Iceberg to finish repairs to Rocketman, as it would
seem CP9 somehow found out about it and conducted sabotage. Either way, I was fairly
certain that our friends aboard Puffing Tom wouldn't succeed. Which means I got what I
wanted, in the end.
Enies Lobby would soon burn at our hands.
{* "Goddamn fucking piece of shit bastard who burns in goddamn hell with a bucket of—"}

Omake: The War…? (Epilogue)
Something something 'what if it were an actual alt-timeline?', blah blah 'Enter the Twilight
Zone' blah.
Ehem…
So, after The Demon vaporizes Whitebeard's head, to the horror of everyone present, that's
when Blackbeard and Co make their appearance, knocking him away from the corpse, so that
Teach can use the tarp and 'work his magic' before it's too late. Meanwhile, the rest of
Blackbeard's new crew then proceed to try and keep The Demon busy.

This does not go well for them, as you can expect. A few of the 'weaker' members get cut
down almost right away, before The Demon focuses on Shiki due to subconsciously recalling
events of Strong World. Despite Shiki not holding back this time, the wheel-headed prick still
gets his shit kicked in, followed by literally being torn apart limb-by-limb. As in, The Demon
slowly ripped off his arms, then his legs— oh wait then his head, one by one.
World tried to do the Hundredfold Meteor using Sanjuan instead of Shiki, but The Demon
blew the thing to bits on his own with a massive Cero. The MoreMan attempted to fight him
by boosting his speed to Hundredfold, but The Demon still outsped him, and Byrndi World
met his end. The Demon then turned around and used another Cero to blow a hole straight
through Sanjuan Wolf's chest, sending his corpse tumbling backward into the sea.
When Teach emerged, having successfully stolen the Quake-Quake Fruit, he was enraged to
see that his entire crew had been, to a man, slaughtered. He went to do battle with The
Demon, but was found wanting as his inexperience in wielding Newgate's Devil Fruit meant
he couldn't do nearly as much damage as Whitebeard had done. Teach attempted to use his
Dark-Dark Fruit powers to drag The Demon into his shadows, and it looked like it worked
for a moment.
Then The Demon stopped sinking entirely, laughed, and simply walked up and out of the
Black Hole technique. Teach tried to resist, but it was hopeless, and whatever fate had
originally had in store for him, the fat bastard died then and there.
That was when both the Red-Hair Pirates and Revolutionaries finally showed up, both
Shanks and Dragon working together to subdue The Demon. In the end, it was a glancing
blow from a Divine Departure obliterating the horns and dissipating the 'crown' that put a
stop to The Demon at long last, the beast reverting to a thoroughly exhausted Evan. At that,
Sengoku simply declared that this bullshit was over, and everyone should gather their dead
and tend to their wounded and just… leave.
Evan, naturally, was horrifically devastated to learn what had happened while he was
mentally absent. The Whitebeard faction, surprisingly, didn't all blame him for what
happened to Pops since, you know, he'd frickin died before that all went down, and had no
control over anything. Not to say that there was no resentment at all, mind you. In the end,
Luffy still stays on Rusukaina to train for two years, Ace takes over as Captain of the New
Whitebeard Pirates, and takes in Evan for the next two years so he can also train to get
stronger with New World-grade Pirates (also as a kinda-sorta atonement for Newgate's
death). Evan also gains a new epithet and bounty: "The Devil Incarnate" Seidler D. Evan, ฿
4.5 Billion.
One of the first things they do after regrouping and recovering from the Paramount War, on
Evan's insistence, was to claim Dressrosa as territory after kicking out what remained of the
Donquixote Famiglia, as he knew it would be chaos without Doflamingo. They dealt with the
key figures, especially the devastating ones like Sugar and Pica, and King Riku was
reinstated after the truth was revealed about the massacre so many years ago.
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one, was finding out that Kuzan had
actually survived his grievous wound at Marineford. Due to being the last Admiral standing,

he was instated as Fleet Admiral, no matter if the Elders liked it or not, and the Navy would
only benefit from his leadership.
Over the next two years, both Evan and Ace would improve their Haki to more than
acceptable standards, and Evan would also get help from his temporary crewmates to deal
with his guilt over the events at Marineford, and begin working together with his Inner
Hollow to get control over his powers. Over this time period, Evan would also receive many
requests from Kaidou to fight him, over half of which were done so drunk as a skunk. The
sober ones were given the excuse of 'repaying me for ruining my SMILE production', while
the drunken ones were more begging, talking about how 'you're the best chance I have for a
real fight since Oden'. Evan, despite the temptation to free Wano early like he'd done for
Dressrosa, knew better and refused every time. Admittedly, he'd actually considered it for a
moment when one drunken request came with an offer to marry Yamato if Evan survived.
So, what happened after the timeskip, you ask? Well, as a good man once said, that… is a
story for another day.

Chapter 43: The Wait and The Wave
A/N: Sorry for the longer time for this one. Not too long ago, I got myself a PC Gaming
Rig for the first time. I've been having a blast modding the hell out of my games.
Recently, I bought Mass Effect Legendary Edition and Andromeda during the EA
Publisher Sale, and have been modding the hell out of em to make the playthrough
more enjoyable. But I digress. On to the chapter!
​
​

ping!

You have earned an Item Roll!

1. Dalek Gunstick (Doctor Who)
2. Pain Breaker (Nasuverse)
3. Armament Haki, Intermediate (One Piece)
4. Pig Talisman (Jackie Chan Adv.)
5. Grand Supreme Kai's Art of Four Sacred Beasts (Dragon Ball)
6. Master Sword (Legend of Zelda)
7. Midnight (RWBY)
8. Oberon's Mirror (Gargoyles)
9. Maker of Eden (D.Gray-Man)

10. Seven Swords of the Mist (Naruto)
11. Rhongomyniad (Nasuverse)
12. Ocarina of Time (Legend of Zelda)
13. Blue Rose of Forgetfulness (Disney's Aladdin)
14. Plasma Gun (Fallout)
15. Heart of Atlantis (Atlantis)
16. Adamantine Armor (DnD)
17. Technokinesis (Ben 10)
18. Unobtanium (Avatar)
19. Asuma's Knives (Naruto)
20. Noel Organon (D.Gray-Man)

Well, that should take my mind off things, certainly. I was still saving rolls for a hopeful
selection to get something to save Merry, so one D20 it is. I rolled, and my result was…
was…

…

17…

Technokinesis (Ben 10)

Also known as Technopathy, Techno-Psychokinesis, etc; This power allows one to
mentally communicate with, understand and control all manner of technology. From
the mundane to the super-advanced, your mind is the only limit!

‘YES! Yesyesyesyes, fucking YYYEEESSS!!! Fuck you, Saturn, you ancient bitch! I!
WIIIIIIN! URAAAAA!’

I just about kept myself from going on a victory dance in front of everyone, and simply
accepted the result and let the power settle in. Nothing seemed different, but I went and gave
Rocketman a once-over, and immediately I could see. All the inner workings and shit, I
began to understand how sea trains worked right there. Hell, I could probably help Iceberg
finish repairs like this, but he would just claim I was in the way regardless.

‘I could probably use this power to give Rocketman some brakes…’ I then grinned to
myself. ‘...but where’s the fun in that?’

At the moment, I wanted nothing more than to get right up to the Fortress and begin working
on all my projects that had been waiting on an opportunity like this, but I could tell Iceberg
would be done soon. I could wait until after we were done rofl-stomping Enies into the abyss.

Not long after that, Usopp made an ill-timed attempt to bring forth his Sniper King persona.
However, due to Usopp not having broken away from the crew like his Prime variant, his
story for why he was there only managed to expose him. Thus, the persona was abandoned
forthwith. It didn’t take much longer before repairs on the Rocketman were finished, and our
invasion force boarded the runaway train, leaving Iceberg to look after Merry while we were
gone.

Then we were off like a shot… with Cross hanging out the window, because of course the
adrenaline-huffing loudmouth would. We moved to get the Franky Family’s King Bulls and
Rig hooked up to us, and then got a call from Tashigi, who was connected to T-Bone on the
Puffing Tom, the Captain having encountered Franky and Conis. This call would come to an
end after we hit the tracks and Rocketman’s speed went up a couple notches… which is when
Cross got blown off the train by the acceleration. Somehow, I think this still won’t curb his
tendencies.

~BtWwG~

“Well, that was great until it wasn’t.” Cross muttered, wringing out his sodden jacket.

“YA THINK?!” Soundbite snarled.

“Wow, Mister Cross, that was really stupid!” Chimney chirped.

“Yeah, really, really, thtupid!” Gonbe concurred.

“NAGAGAGA!” Kokoro cackled while effortlessly manning the controls. “Man, I haven’t
seen something that stupid since back when Franky was a part of Tom’s Workers! What, is
storming Enies Lobby not enough of a rush for you?”

“Well, ex-cuse me for wanting to live a little.” Cross sniffed. “It’s not often that trains have
open windows to take advantage of!”

“Huh, good point…” Chimney cocked her head thoughtfully before resuming her usual grin.
“Buuut that was still stupid!”

“Really thtupid!” Gonbe added.

“Really really stupid!” Luffy laughed, sticking his head into the cabin.

“WE DON’T WANNA HEAR THAT FROM YOU!” Soundbite barked.

“ESPECIALLY NOT WHEN YOU’RE DOING THE EXACT SAME SHIT!” Cross snarled,
pointing accusingly.

“Doesn’t count!” I shook my head, clapping him on the shoulder. “He’s the one who saved
your sorry ass, and he’s a monster besides.”

“...Withdrawn. Oh hey, Soundbite, keep an ear out for Yokozuna, make sure he doesn’t try his
‘daily exercise routine on us for kidnapping Kokoro, got it?”

“Roger Roger.” the snail replied.

We thus turned our attention to the rest of the car and— buh…

“GAH MOTHER!”

“WOO MAMA!”

And we immediately got a good look at Nami as she shamelessly changed right there in front
of everybody. On purpose, considering she stared right at us as she did. Cross covered his
eyes until she slammed the Clima-Tact on the floor once she was done donning her iconic fit.

“Okay, ready for battle!” she announced, before blinking at the blushing Paulie, nosebleeding
Tilestone, Lulu and Zambai, and glaring Cross. “What’s wrong?” she asked innocently.

“Couldn’t you have warned me?!” Cross demanded indignantly.

“YOU CHANGED IN HERE WITHOUT A MOMENT’S THOUGHT!” Paulie added.
“SCANDALOUS WOMAN!”

“Nice scandal…” the other foremen groaned, all offering a thumbs-up.

The vixen smirked as she tapped her weapon on her shoulder. “I shouuuld be charging you
฿10,000 for that little peek… buuut, as I’m feeling generous, I think I’ll let you off this time.
There is only one car, after all.”

Cross turned a questioning look to me. “You don’t have anything to say about this?”

I blinked, shaking my head about. “Huh? What’s up now?”

He just sighed. “Of course…”

Out of the corner of my eye, I also noticed something interesting; Reiju surreptitiously
cleaning up a nosebleed of her own. Heh, she’s Sanji’s sister, alright…

“Anyway, moving on… Zambai, tell your guys not to bother shooting Aqua Laguna when it
shows up; it won’t do a thing, so save your ammo for Enies Lobby. Chopper, still have my
Vision Dial?” The human-reindeer nodded, producing it from his bag. “Good.
Somebody better get a real good picture of what’s gonna happen, or else I’m gonna crack
some skulls.”

A thought occurred to me, and I turned to our resident mosshead. “Yo, Zoro! If this goes titsup like I expect it might, watch out for a Marine Captain named Shu. Wears a turban-like hat
and a veil over his mouth.”

Cross slapped himself in the forehead. “Good catch, bro. Almost forgot.”

Zoro cocked an eyebrow. “Yeah, what for? This guy a swordsman?”

“You wish. Motherfucker is the anti-swordsman; he ate the Rust-Rust Fruit, so if you’re not
careful, he’ll put an end to Yubashiri. And Tashigi will blame you.”

Zoro paled and snapped a death-grip to said katana’s hilt. “Turban and veil, keep my distance,
got it, thanks.”

I gave a thumbs up. With that, things seemed to chill out for a bit. Chopper started showing
Zambai how to work the Vision Dial, Luffy played with Chimney and Gonbe while Kokoro
looked on in amusement, Usopp, Zoro, Nami and the TDWS were re-inspecting their
weapons. Lassoo snoozed, the Galley-La foremen were waiting quietly…

And Cross had approached Vivi to begin having a conversation with her. Probably trying to
finally find out what was up with that Sirocco Charm of hers. Eh, he’ll fill me in later, I’m
sure. Right now, I had to meditate on something important…

~BtWwG~

As I came out of Jinzen, I jolted in surprise as Zambai called out from outside.

“LOOK OUT! AQUA LAGUNA, DEAD AHEAD!”

I grinned eagerly. It was time for one of the most epic moments of this arc.

“LUFFY, ZORO!” Cross called out to get the pair’s attention. “You’re up! And as for names,
I suggest rounding it up to Three Hundred Pounds!”

“Right.” they nodded, marching out to the engine.

“Round down, more like.” I noted, moving to follow them. “Since there’ll be three of us.
No way I’m missing out on this…”

I called forth my Shikai, and hopped out and joined my Captain and First Mate on the nose of
Rocketman and… oh.

“That’s a huge bitch!” I blurted.

Yeah, while it wasn’t anywhere near as tall and wide as the Red Line (obviously), one could
be forgiven for equating the size of Aqua Laguna to it. Immeasurable metric fucktons of
saltwater speeding towards us at about the same rate we were to it, roaring all the while.

“Well, boys,” I spoke to my fellow monster-strength crewmates. “I do believe one of our
number must’ve pissed off Tiamat something fierce, cause that is some bullshit.”

“Huh?” Luffy gave me a quizzical look. “Who’s Tiamat?”

“Ocean Goddess, I think.” Zoro answered.

“Oh, okay. Ready?”

I cricked my neck. “Always.”

As Cross berated Zambai and the others for almost ignoring his earlier orders, I charged up
Zangetsu. Then, as the wave was almost upon us, we moved.

“Gum-Gum…!” / “Three-Hundred Pound…!” / “Heaven-Piercing…!”

“CANNON!”

And just like that, we blew open a hole not just in Aqua Laguna, but in the universe’s sound
system, as the roars of Aqua Laguna, Rocketman, and the storm all briefly cut out just after
the attack completed. Just long enough for the sea train to emerge on the other side of the
massive tunnel we’d made.

Everyone cheered euphorically at our victory over Aqua Laguna. I merely held out a fist to
Zoro and Luffy, who bumped their own fists against it.

Not long after we retreated back into the dry environment of the train car, Soundbite
announced that T-Bone was within his range. The Marine Captain made perfectly clear he
wished to test our strength and resolve. He’d intended on facing off with Zoro just like his
Prime counterpart, but Leo stepped in, stating that it would mean nothing for Zoro to simply
run over T-Bone like his canon self would’ve. It would only matter if he, as one of the ship’s
guard, faced his test. With that, to the cheers of “GO, LEO, GO!”, the dual-wielding dugong
took up position.

“IS THIS ANOTHER OF YOUR MASTER’S ‘ROMANCES’, YOUNG DUGONG?!” TBone roared over the raging of the ocean, his gaunt form standing on the tracks ahead.

“NO!” Leo shouted back, tightening his bandana’s knot as he balanced on Rocketman’s nose.
“TO DEFEND ONE’S HONOR AT ALL COSTS, AND TO PUT ONE’S LIFE ON THE
LINE FOR THE SAKE OF ONE’S FRIENDS IS NOT A MATTER OF A MAN’S
ROMANCE! RATHER!” In a flash of movement and steel, he drew his blades and slammed
them together in a position similar to Alexander Anderson’s salute. “IT IS A MATTER OF A
MAN’S PRIDE!”

T-Bone snorted, drawing his own blade into position horizontally over his brow. “SMOOTH
SOARING BIRD: …!”

Leo tensed even further. “Two-Sword Style: …” he whispered to himself, audible thanks to
Soundbite.

“BONE PHOENIX!” The Marine Captain uncoiled in a smooth singular motion, sending a
wave of pure force ripping through the air, swooping and spinning toward us at insane speed.

The akimbo swordsman stood firm before the approaching attack, eyes shut and teeth grit.
Then, when it was merely feet away, he snapped his eyes open… and they blazed.

“Cross of the Baptist.”

In the space of an instant, Leo moved.

And in that same instant, T-Bone’s attack was annihilated, the Captain sent flying through the
air, blood flying from both his slack jaws and the cross-shaped slash carved clear through his
armor and into his chest.

“Aweeesooome…” I uttered.

Leo panted as he let his swords hand slack before drawing himself uptight and slowly
spinning his blades back into their sheathes. “Thank you, Captain T-Bone…” he whispered
breathlessly. “For justifying my position on this crew.”

*CLONK*

“YEOW!” Leo clutched his skull after Luffy and Zoro rapped their fists over it. “WHAT
THE HELL, BASTARDS!”

“That was for doubting your right to be on my crew!” Luffy snorted indignantly.

“And for holding back.” Zoro added, paralyzing the Dugong with his frigid glare. “When this
is all said and done, we’re going at it on Water 7 and we’re not stopping until you’ve given
me everything you’ve got. Got it?”

Leo could only muster a pained whimper in response.

After that epic moment, we returned to the dry environment of the train car. Not terribly long
after that, we came across another free-floating train car with our wayward crewmates. Cross
was very happy with Conis and Su for retrieving his Transceiver, and they demanded some
answers for what was up with Robin, citing her traumatic reaction as observed by Boss.

In the end, we asked the non-crew to leave for a bit while we gave the whole multiverse
speech to those that didn’t know yet, BROB and all.

“So… you’re stuck in this world?” Conis asked hesitantly afterward.

I shrugged. “I dunno about me, but evidently, B.R.O.B. told Cross he’d be able to travel
between our world and this one at will, but only after Luffy becomes Pirate King.”

“Mind you, I’m not part of the crew to guarantee that!” Cross clarified. “It was already a
foregone conclusion before I joined and not due to Luffy being the protagonist, that’s for
damn sure—!”

“Never doubted it.” the erstwhile uninformed stated in unison.

Cross smiled in relief, then scowled. “But in the meantime, I’m expected to keep it
entertained during our voyage, and I don’t have any room to ask for favors since it gave me
the transceiver. But, while I’m thinking about it…”

He snapped a glare upwards. “I can’t believe I’m doing this, but… look, a bargain is different
from a favor, alright? Quid pro quo in whatever capacity I can give! And after coming this
far, after doing this much…” His hand snapped into a trembling white fist. “I’m willing to try
making one if it means I can save Merry. So… you game?”

Silence reigned for a moment. Then suddenly, and without warning, a window blasted open
with a note slapping Cross in the face right after. Cross removed it and read it aloud. “‘Just do
what you do, and maybe if I’m amused enough, I'll give you half a chance. Otherwise, you’ll
have to go through what Prince Bellet did if you want to save her.’”

“Huh? Who’s that?” Luffy asked curiously. I admit, I was wondering the same. The name
sounded somewhat familiar.

Cross frowned in confusion. “...Actually, I’m not sure. Sounds like he could be from either
this world or ours…?”

An unnoticed half of the paper suddenly unfolded, and Cross scanned it over. He paled, and
promptly folded the paper back up. “Right!” he said in a too-high-pitched voice. “I might
love Merry, but I sure as hell don’t love her that much. Hope for the best, plan for the worst,
agreed?”

“What kind of attitude is that, Cross?” Boss barked indignantly, waddling over to him
alongside the Monster Trio and I. “You said you swore to do anything you had to, and if
that’s the only way—”

He shoved the note in our direction, and we looked it over. I wasn’t sure what it meant. It was
two pictures, one of a muscle-bound blond man with a shoulder scar toting a portable cannon,
and another of a beautiful woman who could be his sister. Only she was topless and hiding
her breasts, and she had a similar shoulder… scar…

OH.

The other guys paled, and Boss then began shredding the paper in the most efficient and
complete manner possible. “Hope for the best, plan for the worst. Agreed.” he mumbled in a
dull tone, tossing the scraps out the window, with the Monster Trio nodding along, and
everyone else too scared to not accept.

Meanwhile, my mind ran a mile a minute, considering the implications and consequences.
Finally, I made up my mind.

“Fine. I’ll do it myself.” I said conclusively.

The other five guys looked at me like I’d spontaneously grown a second head. “Are you
serious?!” Cross asked incredulously.

I shrugged. “If it saves Merry when all else fails, I’m in. Not to mention I’m at least
a little morbidly curious about the results. Besides, if I want it undone, I know exactly where
Iva is.”

Four of the other guys just looked at me like I was crazy. Boss bowed his head at me. “You’re
a braver man than me, Evan. That’s for sure.”

“Right!” Cross barked, hands slamming together in an attempt to force things forward. “Now,
that’s our secret told. Unfortunately, if you’re hoping for some knowledge on what we’ve
seen about you, there’s not much we can offer; none of you were with the crew in the story.
You only joined due to interference.”

“Well, now you mention it, I’m sorta wondering about something way back when we first
signed up.” Raphey spoke. “When Soundbite gave us our group’s name, and you complained
about sanity—?”

“And what about my voice, eh?” Su concurred eagerly. “Who’s… Vulpix, was it?”

“That can wait until after we’ve burned Enies Lobby to ashes and gotten our archaeologist
back.” Cross stated, his tone brooking no argument. “Anything else critical, or shall we get to
strategic planning?”

*RATATATATATATATAT*

As the sound of an intense gunfight erupted from the roof, I sighed explosively. “Now what?”

“GUYS, LOOK OU—!” Zambai bellowed.

*SMASH*

Then another window imploded, letting a familiar gun-toting otter and vulture barge into our
car.

“Alright, Cross!” Mister Thirteen roared at the top of his lungs, waving a relatively massive
shotgun around. “Our patience is at an end! Either you come with us, or else—! Ah…” The
otter trailed off and slowly lowered his gun as he took in the identities of the other
passengers, his shattered sunglasses falling slightly askew. “Hoo boy…”

Miss Friday swallowed audibly as she dropped her machine guns, raising her wings above
her head. “I knew we shoulda waited for the concussions to wear off. This sounded like far
too good a plan.”

Thirteen whimpered as he mimicked her. “In retrospect, you’re entirely right.”

“You two are really stupid.” Luffy deadpanned, albeit with a hint of an edge to his voice.
“Hey, Sanji, can you cook them?”

The Simp King took a drag from his freshly lit cigarette and eyed the assassins menacingly.
“In all honesty? I doubt it. Not a lot of appetizing recipes for otter and vulture…” He took an

extra-deep drag, allowing the flame to highlight his face in shadow. “Meaning that we won’t
be wasting any food by wasting these two and tossing their bodies into the ocean.”

“Oh please, allow me.” Boss said with a smug grin, cracking his neck. “Now, it doesn’t
matter why, but I am friends with some Bananagators.”

Cross shot a glare at Boss. “Cool your jets, Carville, there’s no need to go that far.”

The Dugong shot him a skeptical look. “You sure, Cross?”

He leveled a look at the assassins, and they stared back in equal parts hatred and fear. After a
moment, Cross simply… turned his back on them, waving his hand dismissively. “A couple
of bastards that can’t let go of a grudge? Just tie them up and toss them on the tracks so that
they can walk back to Water 7. If it’s my say in the matter you want, my opinion hasn’t
changed: they’re not worth killing.”

He stayed that way even as the others dogpiled the duo, eventually carrying them out the
door. I asked Cross to hold off on the assault planning for a minute as I wanted to speak with
the pair before we got rid of them again.

I stopped the Franky Family just before they tossed them and gave them a look. “Are we
regretting not taking my advice back on Whisky Peak yet?” I asked the assassins.

They shared a glance, then looked back at me. “Pretty much.” Friday replied.

“At this point, I think we might look into it now…” Thirteen admitted.

“I sure as fuck hope so, given you’ve failed to kill those two five times now.” I spoke grimly.
“Now I don’t care what Cross says, if I ever catch you two (and I will catch you) going for
number six in any way, or for anyone else on our crew, I’m just gonna kill you. Straight. Up.”
I directed a pulse of reiatsu at the two. “Capiche?”

The pair shuddered in terror. “Understood! Don’t mind us, just a pair of traveling artist
animals, yep!”

“Good to hear.” I nodded. I turned, waving a hand dismissively. “Toss ‘em.”

As the hopefully ex-assassins were removed from the train, I returned inside to join in on the
meeting. We went over each of the members of CP9, and the other big threats on the island
that we have to deal with, and who was dealing with what.

Luffy was told to do what he’d do anyway, and charge right in, crushing all resistance
moving to the Tower of Justice (leaving those at the second gate conscious for Cross’ special
idea). Plan around Luffy, right? The Franky Family, Galley-La Foremen, Usopp and Cross
would head ashore on Sodom and Gomorrah to clear a landing zone while the rest of us were
on stand-by. After that, we decided to chill for a bit, and I overheard Cross talking to
Soundbite about a new deadzone feature on the Transceiver. Soon enough, a call came down
from the roof.

“HEEEEY! I CAN SEE IT! ENIES LOBBY, DEAD AHEAD!”

At that, I stood to get a look, but Cross stopped that with his shout of, “EVERYONE LISTEN
UP!”

We all fell silent and turned to listen.

“I wanna make something clear for you all before we arrive. I want to make it perfectly
clear just how these bastards are manipulating Robin.” He paced to the front of the car,
sweeping his gaze. “As it stands, it would be safe to assume that the World Government
threatened to use the Buster Call on her to make her compliant.” He narrowed his eyes
menacingly. “That would be false. They did not aim the Call at her. Rather, they aimed it at
all of us. They threatened to obliterate us in the most horrific way Robin knew unless she
cooperated. Do you understand the implications of what I’m saying?”

“Allow me to clarify.” I spoke up, joining Cross and putting a finger gun to my temple. “They
held us hostage. Put a gun to our heads that only Robin could see and threatened to pull the
trigger. Playing not only on her insecurities, but also her bond with us to make her obey them.
In short?” I glared hard. “They. Used. Us. Used our friendship, our trust, as a means
of hurting Robin. Taking something sacred and twisting it into a weapon.”

The crew was stock-still in their seats, emotion blazing in their eyes and weapons and
clenched fists. Zoro broke the silence by standing up, his face hard as the steel of his swords.
“You guys don’t need to amp us up.” he growled. “We all know what those bastards did, and
we’re more than pissed off enough for this.”

“Probably not.” I grinned viciously. “But it certainly helps, doesn’t it?”

“In that case…” Cross said, with a demonic grin. “Who wants to raze some land and salt
some earth?”

His answer came in the resounding cheers that shook the car.

“Well, that was fun!” Soundbite cackled. “Now, let’s GET OUR GRR FACES ON!”

~BtWwG~

As we approached, a few more of us changed into new outfits for the battle ahead. I had
opted to go for an ensemble I’d found during our brief clothing stop-off. I’d forgone No Face
May King for the time being, donning a white, long-sleeved shirt with an intricately knotted
red cravat under a black, double-breasted suit with red buttons, matching black trousers and
boots, covered by a red, split, and full-length long coat with ruffles exclusive to the
shoulders.

“Looking good there, Darling.” Nami flattered, bumping her shoulder into mine.

“What can I say?” I replied, tugging on my collar. “Can’t let Sanji have the monopoly on
kicking ass while looking dapper as fuck.”

She giggled. “Got that right.”

I couldn’t wait for this to begin. Cross and Co were going to confront the Navy forces at the
second gate, get them to bring out Oimo and Kashi, and then he’d put on a show while
subverting them to our side by calling Dorry and Broggy over on Little Garden. Then, he’d
have them help him kick off the SBS, announcing our epic assault on the Judiciary Island to
the whole world.

“Man, I can’t wait… this is gonna be a hell of a way to let off some steam!”

A/N: BOY HOWDY, I'M A HAPPY BASTARD! I finally got Technokinesis after all this
time! Now all that stuff that's been kept on the Fortress can be made good use of! After
Enies is a smoking crater, of course.

Chapter 44: The Enies Lobby Invasion
"This is Snailmail calling Rocketman, Snailmail calling Rocketman, COME IN,
Rocketman!" came Soundbite's voice from Brain. Alright! It's about damn time!
"Rocketman is requesting you stop acting like the assless dumbass you are, Soundbite." Nami
replied irritably.
"C'mon, baby, show me some love! I'm BURNIN OUT A FUSE UP HERE ALONE!"
"Oi!" Cross barked.
"Eh… mostly ALONE, ANYWAYS?" the snail chuckled sheepishly.
"Are you just calling to screw around, or—?"
"We've managed to clear out a section for the Rocketman." Cross cut in. "Kokoro, the landing
zone is free and clear, let him loose and bring it in!"
"Wait, Cross!" Vivi spoke up with a large hint of desperate panic in her voice. "You never
told us what you mean by 'landing zone', and Evan won't tell us either!"
"Hehehehehehehe…" I chuckled evilly.
"You do recall that there are no brakes on that train you're riding, right?" Cross replied with
a sadistic grin. "And those fences around the entrance are part sea prism stone, so they're
gonna bend rather than break. Buckle up, this is gonna be rough."
"NOT A CHANCE IN—!" Nami screamed desperately.
"NAGAGAGAGA!" Kokoro cackled over her. "I suppose it's only fate, isn't it? This bronco
was made for you guys! EVERYONE HOLD ON TIGHT, NAGAGAGAGA!"
"Don't even think about it you old—EAGH!" Vivi's protests were cut off by our sudden
acceleration.
"DAMN YOU, CROSS!" Nami screamed as she held on to a seat.
"Hey, miss!" Yokozuna spoke up from outside. "Relax, you'll live longer!"
"OH, SHUT UP!"
Yokozuna shrugged, and repositioned himself on the train's nose. He then slammed his
strongest thrust into the fence, causing a small stretch of it to buckle. It then acted like a railramp, sending the speeding train rocketing into the air. Dammit, why did Soundbite have to

make the pun with the song already?!
"Hold on! What about that huge pit in the ocean?!" Reiju exclaimed.
"Chill out." Zoro said calmly. "I've got a plan for landing this thing."
Everyone got hopeful looks as they waited to hear Zoro's plan.
"...We leave it up to luck!" he spoke confidently.
"ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!"
*WOOOOOOT*
*CRUNCH*
Well, it seems timelines can rhyme just like history, cause Rocketman still ended up ramming
into a giant, but it was Kashi's face rather than Oimo's back. We proceeded to bounce off and
skid down the street right after, eventually coming to a stop at last.
We gave the Navy forces outside time to gather in a big group, then we blew open the side of
the train car, blasting away any soldiers nearby and allowing us to descend on the rest like a
pack of demons. Heh, that is kinda accurate, a pack of demons attacking to retrieve a 'devil
child'.
I noticed Cross and Paulie standing nearby, and shunpo'd over. "Whatup, JC?" I announced,
Zangetsu resting on my shoulder. "Didja miss me?"
"With every bullet so far." he deadpanned.
"HA!"
Suddenly, the loudmouth froze in abject terror. I turned and flinched as I saw Carue stalking
over with Nami and Vivi astride him, an aura of rage and murder around them. "N-Now guys,
look—" he began, backing up desperately as the two dismounted and approached.
"Cross…" Vivi started, before shrugging with a sheepish smile. "I admit my fault: that
was actually kind of fun."
Ah, so Vivi is getting used to regular madness after all. As expected of a Grand Line native…
wait. Oh no, that means the aura of rage was all—
Nami then grabbed Cross by the throat and brought him face to face.
"N-N-Nami, d-don't you think you're overreacting? L-L-Luffy does stuff like this all the time,
and you're n-never this mad at hi—ERK!"
"You let me ride on that death trap for your own amusement, Cross." Nami cut him off in a

voice of icy calm. "Luffy is an idiot. A lovable idiot that I trust with my life. He doesn't think
things through, and we have to put up with the consequences, and I accepted that when I
joined this crew for good."
I said nothing, hoping that my participation in the wild ride would give me a pass, and her
rage would continue to be directed at Cross.
"You, on the other hand, are not only one of the smarter members of the crew, but know
enough to let us steer the hell clear of catastrophes like this." Nami held up a section of her
Clima-Tact and made it crackle with lightning. "So. I'm going to give you ten seconds to give
me three good reasons why I shouldn't obliterate all the progress Chopper made on getting
rid of your trauma, and make Eneru look like a case of static discharge."
She let her grip loose enough to allow Cross to speak. "First, I knew you wouldn't die from
something like that." Cross began quickly. "Second, your alternatives were coming to the
front lines when I left, or with Luffy when he left. And third…" He pointed to the side,
indicating a crowd of Marines approaching and setting up a firing line with a lot of guns.
"You have plenty of other targets to take your anger out on?"
"He does raise a good point on all counts, Sweetheart." I added. I then flinched when she
turned her enraged expression on me, maybe not as forgiven as I thought, before looking
back at the whitehats.
Then she let Cross drop on his ass. "I'll deal with you once we're back on Water 7." she bit
out, marching towards the Marines, assembling her Clima-Tact piece by piece as she went.
"But for now…"
She finished her staff and started spinning it at her side, a milky-white outline appearing on
the outside of the blue blur.
"These boys are mine."
That's about when the Marines chose to open fire, letting off a barrage that would've
incapacitated (at best) or killed (at worst) several of us. However, Nami had us covered.
She snarled and swung the Clima-Tact forward with a furious bellow of, "EISEN TEMPO!"
The motion unleashed a barrage of foamy-white surging from the staff, writhing and flowing
before finally coalescing into a cloud-like barrier between us and the Marines, clearly iron
cloud from the way it stopped the bullets. Nami held her position a second longer before
grinning, then swinging her arm out and making the cloud surge forth and shove the two
dozen plus soldiers off their feet. A sweep to the side sending the fallen Marines tumbling
into a pile and clearing the way for the clouds to lash out at the Marines behind them.
The clouds attacked much like Smoker's power, growing and lashing out at whomever or
whatever that came near it and flailing about ruthlessly. Then there was Nami herself. Her
growing grin and the way she swooped and twirled her staff around her body with increasing
style and complexity made one think of a demonic orchestra conductor… or a witch.

It was beautiful.
Nami remained gleeful a full minute into her performance before pausing and letting her
expression darken as she caught sight of the remaining Marines still standing trying to flee.
"Oh, no no no nooooo…" she crooned sadistically, swinging her staff around her body and
creating a new aura of clouds around her. "You think that after all you've done to our crew…
after all you've done to my friends…" She chuckled mirthlessly for a second, then the clouds
darkened and began to rumble as she scowled. "No. No, you bastards don't get to run away!"
With that, she swung her Clima-Tact behind her and conjured a pillar of thunderclouds, the
pillar itself angled like a scorpion's tail as it faced the Marines. With a jerk of the staff, it split
itself in half lengthwise, opening up an empty space within which lightning crackled and
danced.
Nami slowly cracked her neck back and forth, then in one deft move, she jabbed her staff
forward at the retreating Marines. "Lightning Bolt Tempo."
And just like that, the clouds snapped forwards and the wrath of the heavens was unleashed
upon those poor unfortunate souls. You could actually see the outlines of their skeletons via
the discharge. As a shiver went up my spine, I had to admit, I was very much enjoying this.
While some loved a woman who could kick their ass (and I don't exactly disagree), I sure as
hell loved a woman who could kick some serious ass in battle.
Meanwhile, Nami took in the sight of the charbroiled soldiers for a few seconds before
squealing and jumping for joy, hugging the staff like it was her newborn. Or the Hope
Diamond. Same reaction, probably.
"Ohh, yes yes yes yes yes! This thing is so utterly totally and completely awesome and it's
all mine mine mine and I am never ever ever letting it go ever because I loooove it like I've
never loved anything since Bellemere and Nojiko and Evan and the crew and I love you for
giving it to me, Cross, thank you so so so much!" she squealed and sang euphorically. She
then spun around and pointed at Cross. "But don't think that means I've forgiven you yet
either, you inconsiderate bastard!"
"No effing kidding, woman!" Cross choked as— what the fuck?! He grappled with an Eisen
Hand that was wringing his neck a foot off the ground!
"Nami!" Vivi demanded, yanking on the white hand's fingers in a futile effort against the iron
cloud. "I've been mad at Cross plenty of times, but this is going too far! Let him go!"
"Wha—?!" Nami snapped her gaze to her Clima-Tact in shock before shaking her head
desperately. "B-B-But I'n not doing this! Or, well, I-I-I don't think I am?!"
A portion of the arm strangling Cross then split off and began slugging him in the face. "I—
OW—SORELY—OW—BEG—OW—TO DIFFER—OWOWOW!!"
"I-I-I don't—!"

"It must be subconscious." Reiju spoke up. "Your 'id' is using the Eisen Cloud as an outlet to
let out your repressed frustration on Cross."
"Ah, right…" Nami nodded. "So… how do I…?"
"You gotta remove the outlet." I answered.
"Ah…?"
"DROP THE DAMN STAFF!" Vivi, Soundbite and Cross roared (Cross being more of a
squawk, but still).
"R-Right!" Nami yelped, forcing her fingers open and dropping the Clima-Tact. She then
clapped her palms together in apology. "I-I'm so sorry about that, Cross, I'd never actually go
this far, I swear!"
"Then why the HECK ARE YOU still doing it?!"
"Wha—GAH!" Nami yelped in shock when she noticed that, indeed, her
palms weren't together, as her other hand now held the staff. She then snapped her grip open
and dropped the Clima-Tact again… and then reeled back as she found that her other hand
had snatched it back up. This comedy routine repeated itself almost half a dozen times, until
Nami drew her arm back and desperately flung the staff away, going so far as to watch as the
metal rod clattered down the street.
She turned around and fist-pumped in victory… before staring at the staff still clutched in her
fist in equal parts exasperation and terror. "I think that I might have a serious problem…" she
whispered numbly.
"YOU THINK?!" Vivi and Carue screeched.
"Alright, enough of this." I declared. "Soundbite? Gastro-Blast it."
"Done!" the snail acknowledged. The clouds promptly blasted apart and dropped Cross on
his ass, freeing up his throat for air.
Nami promptly snapped out of it and grabbed her own wrist, visibly concentrating on her
fingers as she brought the Eisen Cloud to heel so that it merely hovered around her like a
meteorological halo. "Sorry about that, Cross." she apologized with a sheepish grin. "Good
thing I didn't activate the lightning, right?"
Cross leveled the flattest glare at her. "You're getting therapy from Chopper." he ground out.
"Aye-aye, sir…" she hung her head with a sob.
With that resolved, it appeared the others had subdued anyone else who still fought back,
with around a dozen who had surrendered themselves. I watched in amusement as Cross

proceeded to psychologically terrorize them a bit, until Vivi eventually objected.
"Dot dot dot dot! Huh? A CALL at a time like this?" Soundbite said, unperturbed by Cross
getting dragged back by the ear. He shrugged as Vivi finally released him. "AH WELL, GO
FOR THE SBS!"
"Kak kak kak kak." chuckled the familiar voice of Doctor Kureha. "Seems like they haven't
been easing up on you at all. Thanks a lot for the constant proof of how effective my medicine
is, Cross! I've been able to triple my prices thanks to you!"
"God, she is not beating the American Medical Professional allegations, is she?" I muttered.
"Shouldn't you be off extorting someone half your age, you old bat? Like, oh, I
dunno, Whitebeard?" Cross snarled.
"KAK KAK KAK KAK! Please, as if that brat is anywhere close to—!"
Oh, I'm sorry, you're breaking up, buh-bye!" Cross yelped, hastily motioning for Soundbite to
drop the connection, even as the snail himself cackled.
"Oh, was that Doctorine?" Chopper asked eagerly as the crew regrouped.
"Yeah, it was." Cross grumbled. "Sorry I didn't let you two chat, but I've already ticked off
the Whitebeard Pirates once in my life, I won't risk it again even by proxy." In unison, all of
our non-crew allies sagged in relief, making Cross glare in irritation. "Do you really think
I'm that stupid?"
"Considering we're in the middle of invading Enies Lobby while you broadcast it to the entire
world?" Kashi groused, rubbing his injured nose. "Yes, it's good to see that you're
not completely insane."
"Yep. Just the regular kind of insane." I nodded.
Cross rolled his eyes, then took a few moments to assess the situation. "Sounbite, can you
hear anyone nearby?" he asked.
The snail concentrated and then grimaced. "Damn, they're running out of my range
FAST. BUT IT SOUNDS LIKE THEY'RE PLANNING ON SETTING UP DEFENSIVE
LINES en route to the courthouse!"
"They're trying something that has almost half a chance of working instead of charging headon?" Cross asked incredulously.
"Eh, the Government may be arrogant, but they're not stupid." Oimo shrugged. "Back before
we started working here, protocol was that if there was an overwhelming pirate attack, the
plan was to fall back, set up defensive lines and wait for reinforcements from HQ. I guess it
was just a contingency plan in case one of the Emperors decided to attack."

Reiju shrugged. "Yeah, that makes sense. Prepare for the worst and all that."
"Alright, let me think…" Cross muttered. "They're expecting us to charge the courthouse, and
we are, no way around that. We'll need to catch them off-guard somehow…" He gave the
King Bulls a glance before nodding firmly. "Alright, if we try smashing through full-force,
we'll just run straight into a wall of steel and bodies. Probably wouldn't stop us, but it'd be
more than a bit painful, and while I appreciate the dedication of our allies, I'd rather do this as
painlessly as possible. So!" He clapped his hands together firmly. "We're gonna do something
somewhat inadvisable and split up!"
"BUT you never split the party!" Soundbite yelped affrontedly.
'Clerics in the back to keep those Fighters hale an—GAH! Fuckin' earworm!'
"I don't see anything wrong with it." Zoro shrugged.
"You'd get so lost that you'd end up back in Alabasta!" Raphey snapped, jabbing a finger at
him, then grinning. "Sorry, been waiting to use that one."
"I assume you have a plan, then?" I asked.
"That's right." he nodded. "The purpose of this endeavor is to make dealing with the ambush
a little more manageable. The Galley-La Foremen, Franky Family and the giants will go
down main street and at the forefront of the Marines' sight. Meanwhile, we—" he indicated
the crew. "Will split into teams and go down the backstreets, raising as much hell as we can.
While you guys will certainly draw a lot of attention due to the size factor, we are the main
actors of this show, thus they'll be forced to split both their attention and manpower in order
to cover us all. And that's crucial to our success right now."
He gestured at the piles of unconscious soldiers. "Quantity is the only advantage these mooks
have against us; we've got quality on our side, but we're still facing down a genuine army,
despite Luffy trampling a lot of them, and if we let them hedge that advantage too much…
well, remember that time is a factor here. The second Spandam realizes he's in over his head,
he'll start moving Robin to the Gates of Justice, and if she gets past them, we've lost. This is
our best option, where we both save time and come out of things relatively unscathed. So…
any complaints?"
He received none. Some of the others looked nervous, but all nodded in acceptance
regardless. In hindsight, we may have benefitted from me constructing a couple of
Companies of B-1s, relatively cheap, quick and easy to make. It may keep my cards close
this way, but still…
"Alright then." Zambai and Paulie said in stereo, prompting a glance at each other before
Paulie continued. "It's the reason you need us here anyway. We'll meet up with you at the
courthouse."
"Right. And again, watch out for mortar cannons, the Jurymen, and the—"

"Incoming!" Soundbite suddenly barked. "A ton of them, coming in hot, HEAVY AND
FAST!"
"Watchdogs." Cross finished. "Looks like Baskerville managed to get back on the ball and
send them out."
"Give me five seconds with them." Zoro grunted, turning toward the street, rolling his
shoulders.
"Psh." Sanji scoffed indignantly, lighting up a new cigarette. "Give me one."
"Not so fast, you two." I interrupted, garnering surprised looks. "If I know Cross, he expected
this and has a plan in mind."
"You do know Cross." the Commie smirked, before glancing at his shoulder. "Soundbite, I
have a request."
The snail leered malevolently. "If you can hum it and I can fake it."
He cracked his neck back and forth, staring at the approaching blurs down the street. "Cry
havoc… and coerce the dogs of war."
Soundbite nodded. "Yes, sir. AH, AND Lassoo, Su?" His smile became downright evil.
"Cover your ears."
The canines hastily slammed their paws over their ears just before Soundbite let out an earshattering—
*FWEEEEEEEET*
The sheer volume of the whistle was enough to cause us humans with unprotected ears to
flinch, but the Watchdogs of the Law?
"OWOWOWOWOW!!"
They reacted far worse, collapsing into a pile-up of writhing and agonized bodies, too
distracted by the pain that their riders couldn't rouse them.
"Holy…" Vivi breathed numbly, gaping in awe at the display.
"But wait, there's more!" Cross grinned menacingly. "Lay down the law, little buddy."
"Gladly." Soundbite smirked before belting out a massive, attention drawing whistle and
adopting the Voice of God. "LISTEN UP, MONGRELS! AS OF TEN SECOND AGO,
YOU ALL WORK FOR ME! I AM THE ALPHA, YOU ARE THE OMEGA! ANY
PROTESTS, REBELLIONS, OR ANYTHING LESS THAN COMPLETE AND
UTTER SUBMISSION WILL BE MET WITH IMMEDIATE AGONY. GOT IT?"

There was a moment of stunned confusion as the wolves muttered amongst themselves, with
some of the savvier riders trying to unlatch themselves from their mounts. Suddenly, one of
the frontmost wolves managed to work itself to its feet and snarl at us.
"Listen here, you slimy little—!"
*FWEEEEET*
"YEARGH!" The wolf collapsed into a flailing mess, clawing at his ears in agony as the rest
of his comrades shrank back in terror.
"ANY OTHER TAKERS?" Soundbite drawled with a flat tome and look. When the rest of
the hounds shrank back and bowed their heads fearfully, he re-donned his usual smirk.
"THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT. Now then… your marching orders are simple…" An
evil glint entered Soundbite's gaze. "Regarding every last Marine and World Government
soldier on this island: RIP AND TEAR… UNTIL IT IS DONE."
For a moment, a brief moment, the hounds merely looked blankly at Soundbite. Then, one
and all, they all adopted the same bloodthirsty grin. With but a few mutters of "Sorry, Boss
Jabra.", the wolves turned tail and darted down the street and into sidelong alleyways,
dragging their helpless riders with them.
Most of our allies stared after the wolfpack and at Cross in horrified shock, but most of the
crew were jaded at this point. "You do realize that you're a legitimate monster, right, Cross?"
Su asked with a cocked eyebrow.
"And damn proud of it, considering where I started from and whom I'm directing it all
towards." he smirked back. "Now then, what say we divvy things up, hm?"
Usopp called dibs on going with Oimo and Kashi, with noticeably more eagerness than fear.
Boss and the TDWS would join them, but on ground-level. Sanji would be escorting Vivi and
Carue, and Zoro tagging along to ensure he wouldn't get lost (with Su getting her friend into a
contest with Zoro). Cross and Co would be going in alongside Nami and Chopper, and I
would be tag-teaming with Reiju again.
"Right then, let's get going." Cross confirmed. "Godspeed, everyone."
And with that, we all split up and headed off, selecting nearby alleyways and sidestreets to go
down.
"Say, Evan?" Reiju piped up with a cheeky grin. "What do you say we copy Conis and Zoro
by having a contest of our own?"
I cocked an eyebrow. "You sure? I mean, you can kick plenty of ass, I know. But are you sure
you can keep up with me?"
Reiju giggled. "That's why you'll be taking a handicap, silly. No using Zangetsu, melee only,
with a little bit of support from your spells."

I grinned fiercely, placing Zangetsu on my back, holding himself there with crossed chains.
"Oh, you're so on!"
With that, it didn't take long before we came across a company of Navy dogs, and we both
leapt into action. Reiju was a blur as she went in, precise strikes landing and taking down
Marine after Marine. If her blows didn't drop them right off, the poison she put in their
systems sure did. The way she danced around their attempts to strike her down so gracefully
was… rather beautiful, if I'm being honest.
Then there was me, bludgeoning my way through their ranks with varied applications of
Hakuda. When all you have is a hammer, right? As I took down a particularly large Marine
with an application of Donō Funsai (Sandbag Pulveriser/Beating), I regretted that even
with all my training effort, I still couldn't figure out how to make Shunko work. Zangetsu had
no more input, and I doubted my Inner Hollow would have any either. I might have to see if I
roll a way to go to a Bleach Universe and ask for tips from Yoruichi and/or Sui-Feng.
Most likely Yoruichi.

ping!
You have earned an Item Roll!

I was so in the zone, I didn't even bother looking at the list. I simply tossed my D20 toward a
nearby wall and let it ride. Once I'd managed to gain a few moments of reprieve, I quickly
went over and snatched it up to see what I got.

11) Kinetic Barrier Technology (Mass Effect)
Kinetic Barriers, colloquially called "shields", are repulsive mass effect fields that can
safely deflect small objects traveling at rapid velocities. This affords protection from
bullets and other dangerous projectiles, but still allows the user to sit down without
knocking away their chair. While not quite as effective as other 'shielding' tech (i.e.
Halo), it still has plenty of uses.

Now that, I already had some ideas on. And not even for outfitting the crew with Shield

Harnesses to protect from stray (or aimed) bullets. I would, usually, but it might end up
interfering in our efforts to try and achieve Observation Haki. I might still do it, for some of
us. We'll see when this is all over. I accepted the roll, and I put the blueprints and physical
tech into my coat as best I could. I'll probably hand it off to someone for safekeeping later.
"Hey, E~va~n!" Reiju sing-songed playfully. "You giving up already? Pretty sure I'm pulling
way ahead right now!"
"Oh, no ya don't!" I shot back. "Hado #63: Raikōhō!" I fired the lightning strike kido at a
large group of soldiers, hoping to make up the difference.

~BtWwG~

After a while, we finally caught up to the others who had already made it to the courthouse.
The main street force was mopping up the last of the outside defenders, and the other teams
had reconvened, Nami hitting a laughing Cross with both an organic and meteorological
blow.
"Looks like the gang's all here." Reiju noted as we approached.
"SO, HOW'D THE headcount contests turn out?" Soundbite asked with a cheeky grin.
"Well, I put up a good fight, even with a handicap, but I slipped up and dear Reiju managed
to steal the lead from me." I 'lamented' with a shrug. "But I got a nice roll in the process, so it
all evens out."
"You snooze, you lose, Evan~" the pinkette grinned. I responded with a raspberry.
"Alas!" Su sighed exaggeratedly. "Alas, my dear companion put up an effort most valiant, but
she lost by a matter of dozens! I'm afraid that she'll be swabbing poopdeck for the foreseeable
future."
"And I'll be using your stupid fluffy tail to do every inch of it!" Conis growled vehemently,
strangling the air as she glared bloody murder at Su.
"You'll have to catch me fi~irst." the fox sang.
"Good luck hiding WITH ME ON the case!" Soundbite leered mockingly.

"Oh, I imagine that my task will be much easier once I have myself a little slimy snack." Su
emphasized with a snap of her fangs.
Soundbite chomped back. "Bring it on."
"Oh, you know I wi—!"
"Unless the peanut gallery has anything meaningful to add," Zoro interrupted, the animals
flinging and grinning self-consciously. "Let's move on before the damn bastards who've been
trailing us in the shadows catch up to us. Agreed?" There was a moment of muttered
agreements from all. "Good. Leo, you want in on this?"
"A chance to deface yet more Government property? Leo grinned eagerly, spinning his
katana into a ready position. "Hell yes."
"Hey, hey, hey, hold on a second, you guys." Cross said hastily. "Go ahead and slash the
doors, but leave the pieces in place, alright? I need a second to tell everyone what's next."
The swordsmen shared a confused glance, then shrugged indifferently. They then proceeded
to move, and while the door appeared to be intact, once could feel a stiff breeze flowing
through it.
"Alright then, everyone gather up!" His raised voice gained the attention of all our forces.
"Phase One - The Approach, is complete. Phase Two - Commencing Ingress, proceeds as
follows: we Straw Hats head inside and towards the roof where Luffy should be waiting for
us, and the rest of you work on pulling the levers, located in the courthouse towers, to lower
the drawbridge while keeping as many mooks from following us as possible, and making
sure that they don't stop the bridge from lowering. We have a backup plan, but this way'll be
easier."
Everyone proceeded to nod in agreement.
"Glad to hear it! Now then…" Cross gestured to Lassoo, prompting him to come over and
transform for him, the loudmouth aiming at the door. "If you'll excuse me, I am going to take
the opportunity to say Number Nine on my List Of Things I Want To Say At Least Once In
The Right Context™, which I composed after saying numero uno awhile back. FIRE!"
*KA-BOOM*
Cross then strode through the new hole in the courthouse doors as the smoke and rubble
settled, Lasso balanced on his shoulder and sporting a shit-eating grin. "Order in the court!"
he announced confidently.
"Oy vey…" Nami and I groaned in unison.
"You swiss-cheesy motherfucker!" Soundbite guffawed.
"Hey, it's a quote bucket list for a reason!" Cross chuckled.

Chapter 45: The Enies Lobby Invasion, Part II
Chapter Notes

A/N: SURPRISE! D-D-D-DOUBLE-TAP, BITCHES!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

As we entered the impressive, almost Notre Dame-like structure, Cross proceeded to screw
about with Baskerville for a bit for fun, then our non-crew allies proceeded to do what they
came to do, and took up all of Baskerville and his men's attention, while we took off to start
the climb to the roof. This was quickly followed by a surprise attack by the demented Guilty
Jurymen, who were held off one and all by the TDWS so we could continue on our way.
Instead of letting Zoro cut a hole to the roof as a shortcut, Cross insisted on taking the long
way to allow Luffy time to finish his fight. Surprisingly, it seems that Blueno was
unconscious, and Luffy's fight was currently with Jabra, and the Captain was pissed. We
ended up concluding that Jabra, being a Carnivorous Zoan, let his instincts take over and
knocked out Blueno so he could have Luffy to himself. Which must be why Luffy was angry.
So as we busied ourselves eliminating the remaining defenders, on the way, Cross taunted
CP9 and even mimicked Spandam's voice (without Soundbite's help!) to direct mortar teams
to fire on them. To no real effect, but it was amusing nonetheless. Steadily, we were making
our way up. Up to what was certain to be a truly epic confrontation.

~BtWwG~

Luffy had finished Jabra off at last, sending him flying directly into Spandam's office. We
quickly took up position on the parapets, and Cross called them out. They all emerged onto
the balcony, and took in the badass lineup of our crew.
Boss, flipper resting on the rope-dart coiled at his side, chuffing smoke like a sea train from
his scowling maw; and Vivi, Lion Cutters in hand and astride the armored form of Carue.
The yeti-like form of Chopper, glowering up at the assassins beneath his pink hat; and Sanji,

eyes lowered for a moment as he lit a new cigarette.
The long-nosed Usopp, holding his slingshot Kabuto and staring back at our opponents with
only the barest hint of fear and shaking; and Captain Monkey D. Luffy himself, fresh from
using CP9's third-strongest as a punching bag, yet looking none the worse for wear.
The moss-haired Zoro, his trio of katana sheathed at his waist for the time being; and the
pink-haired Reiju, arms crossed while glaring daggers at the bastards across the gap.
My lovely Nami, her Clima-Tact in hand with the Eisen Clouds surrounding her like an aura,
her waver on her back; and me next to her, Zangetsu buried in the parapet before me, with my
hands placed atop it.
Finally, our gunner Conis, carrying a veritable armory on her person with Su astride her
shoulder; and Cross on the end, Lasoo and Soundbite snarling at his feet and on his shoulder
respectively.
All in all, it felt awesome, aura-farming with my friends.
"ROOOBIIIN!!" Luffy shouted up at our wayward crewmate, using his own volume with no
help from Soundbite. "IF YOU REALLY WANT TO DIE FOR US, THEN SAY IT TO US
HERE AND NOW!"
Even with the distance between us, I could see Robin hesitating where she stood, biting her
lip to desperately stay silent, furiously fighting against herself. We'd never know what part of
her would win, as a particularly annoying voice proceeded to cut in.
"CP9!" Spandam exclaimed, desperately trying to control the situation. "A-As director of this
unit, you have my full permission to take those pirates down, eliminate them utterly, but do it
from here! From the Tower of Justice! A-After all, it's not like they have any way to get over
here."
I mean, that's not true at all. I can semi-sorta fly, so…
It seemed that Spandam had managed to reassure himself, as he grinned maniacally and
stepped onto the balustrade. "WAHAHAHAHAHA! Stupid pirates! No matter how strong
you are, you'll never be able to win! CP9 still stands strong to stop you! The Gates of Justice
are beyond any human's power to move! And most of all…" He reached into his coat, and
produced an anxiety-including object. A snail that looked to be made of pure gold. "I have
the authority to use this Golden Transponder Snail to unleash a Buster Call!"
"A Golden Transponder Snail?!" Soundbite yelped in terror, shivering as he half-hid in his
shell. "I SERIOUSLY hope you weren't BANKING ON ME BLOCKING THAT
THING, CROSS! GOLDEN TRANSPONDER SNAILS… they're practically boogeymen
amongst my kind, creatures of selective breeding whose connections with their silver
counterparts are renowned for being SACROSANCT! THEIR BROADCAST IS
UTTERLY INVIOLABLE!"

I rolled my eyes. "Figures…" I breathed in annoyance.
"That's right…" Spandam gloated menacingly. "Once I push this button, nothing you or
anyone does will be able to stop the results! Just like it was twenty years ago, I will unleash
the power that wiped out your homeland, Nico Robin!" He spun around to laugh in Robin's
face. "Just like before, when Ohara was utterly wiped from the maps of the world!"
"One snail caused that much destruction?" Conis breathed in horror.
"I'd make a quip about package sizes, but this isn't really the time…" Su mused.
"Shitty leatherface, tormenting Robin-chwan like that." Sanji growled.
"You damn…" Robin bit out painfully, fighting herself ever harder.
"WAHAHA! Oh, look at that reaction!" Spandam cackled malevolently, the bastard's finger
hovering just above the snail's button. "Maybe I should do it now? Maybe I should call the
full force of the World Government?"
"You—! Do you even know what will happen if you press that button?!" Robin demanded
desperately.
"Of course I do." Spandam purred. "The chances of all these pirates making it out of here
alive will drop to zero! Less than zero, even! What… did you have something else in mind?"
"IT'S NOT THAT SIMPLE! STOP IT!" she screamed furiously.
"Ohh? You're giving me orders? You're being rather cocky, aren't you?"
Boss all but bit through his cigar as he glared up at the enemy. "You know… when you boys
talked about putting the hurt on this bastard? You were lowballing."
"What can I say?" Cross ground out. "Reality tends to exceed expectations."
I said nothing, concentrating on keeping my Spiritual Pressure in check as I observed this
subhuman filth.
"You said that Ohara disappeared from the map…" Robin stated desperately, sounding on the
edge of tears. "But can you see people on a map? No… no, the only way you could be so
cruel is if you look at the world like that, like it was a statistic! You can't use it… not that…"
She trailed off in a pleading whisper, collapsing to her knees as the ghosts of her past
weighed her down.
"Robin…" I heard Cross mutter, making the woman gasp and slowly climb to her feet to look
down at him. God, it hurts seeing her in such a state. So… broken. Cross hovered a hand over
his bag, giving Robin a wordless signal that she immediately understood. "If you're so sure
that you're going to die anyway… then at least die like a Straw Hat. At least go down kicking
and screaming the whole way, and give them nothing short of hell."

Slowly but surely, Robin's hesitation began to fade, until finally, she looked at Spandam with
a heart-wrenching combination of despair and Determination. "Let me tell you… of the
Buster Call. Let me tell you what the World Government is capable of…"
And now, at long last, she told her story, The story of Ohara. Spandam made no move to stop
her, seeming to relish in her agony as she retold the events. CP9 seemed to just stand by
impassively, though it looked like a few seemed visibly uncomfortable with this story.
Franky, of course, was on the verge of tears, held back only by the sheer horror of what he
heard. Or Soundbite was muting him, I dunno. And unbeknownst to the chief jackass, Robin
was currently blowing the whistle to the entire world over the SBS about the Ohara coverup.
As far as me goes? It was Nami's confession of her own plight all over again. She wasn't
saying anything I didn't already have knowledge of, but hearing it from her own mouth?
Hearing the suffering and sorrow in her voice? It hit all the harder, and it pissed me off. My
struggle to contain my reiatsu was actively crumbling.
"...Do you understand now?" Robin pleaded desperately as she finished. "If you use a Buster
Call, everything on this island will be destroyed…" She stared down at us tearfully.
"Includign all of you."
Even now, she was pleading for us to run. Robin was begging us to leave her to the wolves
and save ourselves, so we wouldn't die in vain trying to save her. So she wouldn't have to see
us die.
Well, it's a bit late for that. 'Cause after hearing all that… there's no chance in hell we're
leaving this fight. Superman himself couldn't hold us back.
"That son of a bitch…" Soundbite breathed numbly.
"There is no hell deep enough or vile enough in existence…" Lasso growled through raised
hackles.
"An entire… island…" Conis whispered to herself with a thunderous expression. "In
an instant…"
"Fucking savages…" Reiju grit out, positively shaking with anger.
Vivi's face was expressionless as she stared up at the tower, but the blood dripping from her
excessive grip on the chains of her weapons said more than enough. "So… this is the legacy
my ancestors created…" she whispered to herself, scowling in disgust. "This is the legacy of
the world…"
"That's nonsense!" Spandam proclaimed. "There's no way that the Marines would kill their
own men, we wouldn't take casualties from our allies!"
"Uh…" Su cocked her head to the side uneasily. "Wasn't he about to—?"

"His father," Cross growled venomously. "Was the one who called down that damn attack in
the first place. Suffice to say that his perspective is somewhat compromised."
"Do you understand my fear now?" Robin pleaded desperately, ignoring Spandam's words.
"Do you understand why I'm still trying to save you? The World Government is an absolute
force of authority and destruction. No matter how strong you all may be, you can't fight
against the world and all its darkness. If it goes on like this, someday…" She shook her head
miserably. "Someday… they'll overwhelm you, crush you, and you'll all die for my sake! And
the idea of that happening, of the ones I've been searching for all my life wasting their lives
for my sake, nothing terrifies me more! So if I am destined to die anyway, then at least let me
die here of my own volition, so that you all may live!"
"Robin…" Nami softly breathed.
Vivi shook her head with a grimace. "Damn it, she's making it so hard to stay mad at her…"
"She's been cawwying this foah how wong?" Carue whispered.
"Too long, my friend…" Boss grimly answered. "Too long by half."
Then, just as our rage seemed to have been dampened…
"WAHAHAHAHA! YES, YES THAT MAKES PERFECT SENSE!"
It all came roaring back to incredible levels.
"I'm going to eat him." Lasso stated in an unnaturally steady voice. "I have never once in my
existence eaten human flesh, but thankfully I'm certain that he doesn't even remotely count."
"GET IN LINE." Soundbite rumbled with honest-to-goodness murder in his voice.
"Both of you can wait your turn…" I seethed viciously. "I'm gonna let my Inner Hollow
fucking eat his soul first."
"What a sorry case." Spandam gloated in Robin's face, even though she didn't even
acknowledge him. "Even if you make friends, all you can do is drag them through the muck
with you. WAHAHAHAHAHAHA! IT'S SO PERFECT!"
"Permission to shoot him?" Usopp and Conis snarled in unison as they grabbed their
weapons.
"Give it a minute…" Cross and I replied in equal unison.
"But—!"
"Do what they say, you guys." our Captain stated in probably the calmest voice we'd ever
heard from him. A bit scary, really.

"BEHOLD YOU SCUM OF THE SEAS!" Spandam cackled as he jabbed his finger upwards
to the World Government Flag waving high above him. "THAT FLAG BEARS THE
EMBLEM OF THE WORLD GOVERNMENT! IT SIGNIFIES THE UNITED STRENGTH
OF OVER ONE-HUNDRED SEVENTY NATIONS ACROSS THE WORLD! ACROSS
THE FOURS SEAS AND THE GRAND LINE, THAT SYMBOL REPRESENTS THE
WORLD ITSELF!"
Spandam flung his arm out. "DO YOU REALIZE NOW THE SCALE YOU'RE FIGHTING
ON?! DO YOU REALIZE HOW PATHETIC YOUR EXISTENCE IS?! THE POWER OF
THIS WOMAN'S ENEMY?!"
There was naught but silence as we all took in the flag, it what it represented. Until finally…
"Yeah." Luffy nodded solemnly. "I understand exactly who Robin's enemy is."
Luffy then lowered his head and glanced to his left… and to his right.
"Everyone."
I grinned hard in anticipation. "Aye, Cap'n?" I asked eagerly.
Luffy looked back up at the flag without a trace of emotion.
"Shoot down that flag."
"HELL YES!" Cross cackled ecstatically, grabbing up Lassoo and taking a knee, aiming
straight at the symbol of our enemy. "CANI-BLAST!"
"YES, SIR!" Lasso barked with a salute before going full-gun with a loud click.
"This is gonna be E~PI~C!" Soundbite sang rapturously.
"Burn Bazooka." Conis announced frigidly, swinging her own cannon off her back to aim
upwards.
"Give 'em hell, girlfriend!" Su yelped, glaring up at the tower from Conis' shoulders.
"I've been looking forward to this all damn day!" I declared, pulling Zangetsu from the
parapet and drawing him back, the blade becoming engulfed in reishi. "Getsuga Tenshou!"
"I've stood on the sidelines until now. Never again!" Nami snarled, spinning her Clima-Tact
at her side, coalescing her clouds into a writhing, lightning-drowned tail. "Lightning Bolt
Tempo!"
Reiju grabbed the Dragon Talisman from a pocket in her outfit, pointing it directly at the flag.
"Dragon's Gunfire." she spoke, a fireball forming in front of it.
"Three-Sword Style." Zoro intoned around Wado Ichimonji, tying his bandana around his

head before drawing his two other blades and drawing them back into position. "108-Pound
Cannon!"
"Behold the awesome power of the giant slingshot Kabuto!" Usopp bellowed confidently as
he drew back the pouch. "Special Attack: Firebird Star!"
"My first use of this technique, and it couldn't be a more momentous occasion." Sanji snarled
as he hefted his leg up and drew it back. "You'll pay a thousand years of hell for every hair
you hurt on dear Robin-chwan's head! The first course in your punishment, a rehash of your
Tempest Kick! APÉRITIF!"
"A moment such as this," Chopper rumbled as he withdrew a single vial of very mobile and
highly volatile-looking liquid from his pack. "Deserves something special for it!
TREMBLE BEFORE THE MIGHT OF MY LATEST CREATION! CHERRY
BLOSSOM BLAST BLIZZARD!"
Just before taking aim, Usopp had tossed a weapon to Vivi to let her borrow it for this
occasion. She may not be an expert marksman, but she was more than good enough for this.
She drew back Kithara with an arrow loaded and ready. "Apollo's Fury!"
"Half-Shell Style:" Boss intoned as he slammed his rope-dard into the roof and withdrew it
with a goodly chunk of stone stuck on the end, which he then began spinning into a blur.
"Flying Fish Fastball Special!"
Spandam blinked incoherently for a moment before his jaw dropped and every drop of blood
escaped his face. "Wait… what are you—?! No… nonononononoNO, DON'T EVEN—!"
Too late. Way too late.
There was no signal, no words, nothing. It wasn't needed. We moved as one.
"ROCK BOTTOM BLAZE OF GLORY!"
And as one, we unloaded our attacks on the symbol of Robin's enemy. Our enemy. On this
historic day, we, the Straw Hat Pirates did not burn the flag of the World Government.
We annihilated it out of existence.
"That…" Cross breathed euphorically, standing up and letting Lassoo rest in his harness.
"Was even better… than I could've ever. Possibly. Imagined."
"Daaaamn skippy…" Soundbite breathed in awe.
I sighed contentedly. "Can't say it was better than sex, but it was pretty great."
"You… You… YOU'RE ALL GOING TO DIE!" Spandam roared incredulously. "YOU
CAN'T SERIOUSLY CHALLENGE THE ENTIRE WORLD AND EXPECT TO WIN!"

"YEAH?! BRING IT OOOOOOON!" Luffy bellowed back, causing Spandam to recoil
with a scream of fear. "ROOOBIIIN! I STILL HAVEN'T HEARD YOU SAY IT YET!"
He clenched his eyes shut as he roared. "TELL ME THAT YOU WANT TO LIVE!"
"Come on, Robin, come on!" Cross muttered desperately into her ears with all emotion. "You
just saw it, didn't you? You just saw the beast bleed! I know it's huge and I know that it's
scary…" He shook his head desperately as he flung his arms out. "But damn it, if it bleeds,
then we can kill it! Together!"
"JUST DON'T BE AN IDIOT, DAMN IT!" Soundbite panted through grit teeth. "'That is
not dead which can eternal lie, and with strange aeons even death may die!' Lovecraft,
Robin! YOU KNOW THIS! IT TAKES TIME, longer than any of our lifetimes, BUT THE
FACT IS THAT THE WHEEL WILL ALWAYS TURN! NOTHING IS FOREVER! They
are not forever! You know this to be a fact more so than anyone! You have to fight, damn
it! FIGHT!"
"...They've said it, Robin." I uttered next. "And we've said plenty to you several times before.
There's not much left, so I'll just tell you this. There's no stopping this. You're ours, period.
I've been looking forward to bloodying the Government's nose for a long time. Please,
just fight already."
Slowly but surely, Robin's tears fell. She bit her lip as she sobbed, and her emotions raged
within her…
Then suddenly, and without warning, a staticky sound filled the air. A cursory look to our
resident sound-snail revealed his glazed, unfocused eyes and vacant expression. Then, just
before anyone could ask what was wrong, another voice spoke…
"The sea's a vast place."
My eyes nearly popped out of their sockets, and I heard Robin's gasp and everyone starting in
shock.
"The sea's a vast place." the voice repeated, rumbling with utterly impossible emotions. "So I
guarantee… someday you'll find friends who won't ever leave you. No matter who you are,
ain't no one born into this world to be alone!"
"Impossible…" Cross breathed in awe. "Even by the standards of this world… that's…"
"Leave it to a D. to defy all expectations…" I uttered, tears gathering in my eyes.
"Your friends are right here waiting for you, Robin. All you gotta do is get back to them!
Share your life with them… and never let them go!"
The very second the last word was spoken, Soundbite slumped forward, wheezing in
exhaustion. "SO LOUD… SO STRONG… What kind… of voice… was that?" he groaned.
Robin was frozen in shock, tears flowing freely from her eyes, still locked onto Soundbite.

Then, the emotion of the moment must've compelled me, as I ended up speaking in unison
with my Captain.
"ROBIN!" Luffy and I roared. "SAY YOU WANT TO LIVE!"
Finally, at long bloody last, the dam broke, and Robin broke down with it into full-on joyful
sobbing. It was messy, loud, and ugly… but its complete and undeniable sincerity made it
absolutely beautiful.
"YES!" she screamed back. "I WANT TO LIVE!"
I raised Zangetsu into the air, and let out a victorious yell of joy. Cross and the rest of the
crew reacted similarly.
"TAKE ME BACK TO SEA WITH YOU!" Robin jerked forwards, her voice hoarse from
screaming at the top of her lungs. "TAKE ME AWAY FROM HERE!"
"YOU MORONS JUST LOST!" Cross cackled triumphantly, jabbing a finger at CP9, and the
Government as a whole.
As if timed for it, the massive drawbridge below us suddenly roared to life and began
lowering, about to remove the last barrier between us.
"THAT'S MY BOYS!" Boss cackled, pumping his fists in the air.
"BWAAAAAAH!" Franky sobbed messily. "YOU CRAZY GUYS! I LOVE YOU ALL SO
DAMN MU-U-UCH!"
"Finally!" Nami nodded firmly with an impatient grin.
"Hang tight, Robin." Vivi whispered. "We're coming."
"Ready or not, here we come!" Reiju cheered. "For Robin, then for you, you bastard!"
Spandam reeled and shrieked in response. "DON'T COME OVER HEEERE!"
As if his words had power, twin explosions erupted from the sides of the drawbridge, causing
it to freeze at about a 45 degree angle or so.
I sighed explosively. "Yeah, I knew things were going too well for us again…"
Boss froze in place, twitching incredulously for a moment before proceeding to shake his
fists at the Courthouse towers. "YOU INCOMPETENT BRATS! YOU HAD ONE JOB,
DAMMIT! ONE! YOU BETTER PRAY THE MARINES KILL YOU FIRST, OR ELSE I'LL
DAMN WELL MAKE YOU WISH THEY DID!"
Oh, those poor doomed Dugongs. Oh well. I wonder, maybe Zoro and I could cut the chains,
and hope that the drawbridge didn't break on impact. Otherwise—

"Well, that route's blown." Cross stated with a grim chuckle. "Guess we're doing this the hard
way!"
"The hard way?!" our crewmates chorused incredulously, staring at him in confusion.
It took me a few seconds, then I winced hard, remembering what was coming next.
"Awwwww, shiiiiit…" I groaned, using one arm to hold Nami tightly to my side for safety.
Cross' grin was Luffy-worthy as he raised his voice. "Ooohhh, yeah."
*WOOOOOOOT*
"The hard way."
Not even Cross' own companions seemed happy about the revelation, as Lassoo began
scrambling on Cross' back, and Soundbite slowly looked downward and uttered, "Oh… hell
no."
"*Puru puru puru—* GAGAGAGA!" Pinkie cackled in Kokoro's voice once Cross dug the
snail out of his jacket. "HOPE YOU KIDS ARE READY FOR THE RIDE OF YOUR LIVES!
THIS IS THE FINAL VOYAGE OF THE ROCKETMAN, ELDEST CHILD OF TOM'S
WORKERS, AND I INTEND TO MAKE IT A GOOD ONE! NAGAGAGAGAGA!"
"Ooohhh no…" the smarter amongst our crew whispered in horrified realization.
"He's not serious…" Su shrank back in naked terror. "Someone tell me that he's not serious!"
"Even by my standards, this is totally insane!" Boss shook his head in frantic denial.
"HAHAHAHA!" Franky bellowed, stamping his feet ecstatically. "HERE THEY COME,
SPANDA! THEY'RE COMING, AND YOU CAN'T STOP THEM!"
The Cipher Pol Chief froze mid-panic, snapping a look at the cyborg that contained a myriad
of emotions.
Franky took notice, and leered malevolently in his tormentor's face. "What're you gonna do,
huh? Hit me?" He jutted his chin out temptingly. "Please, do it, I'm begging you. Give me
another reason to laugh in your ugly panda face."
That must've pushed Spandam too far, as it seems he gained a brief burst of stamina akin to
that which lets people lift cars off their loved ones, and used it to fling Franky up and over,
into the void.
"He's got the right idea!" Cross crowed, pointing at Franky's falling form before sticking out
his arm towards Luffy." Come on, Captain! Let's do it!"
"RIGHT!" Luffy yelled as he snapped his arms out, catching the rest of us very unwillingly in

his grasp, his left tangled around Boss and his right around Cross.
"Alrighty then…" Cross grinned, staring into the void. "In the great words of Will Turner!
'Over the edge'!"
"NonononoNO!" Soundbite shrieked desperately.
"LET'S GO!" Luffy laughed as he jumped into the abyss.
"'OVER AGAIN'!" Cross roared back as he joined in, and the rest of us were dragged along
with them.
"THAT WAS BEFORE THEY FELL INTO DAVY JONES' LOCKER, YOU STUPID
BIIIIIIIIIIIITCH!!!" I screamed at the adrenaline-huffing fuck.
"AAAAAAAAGH!" Soundbite shrieked around a mouthful of Cross' jacket.
"YOU TWO ARE DEAD IF WE LIVE THROUGH THIS, YOU HEAR ME?!" Su screamed
as she also clutched Conis' jacket. "DEEAAD!!"
The fall lasted a lot longer than it actually was, until finally…
*WOOOOOOOT*
It came to an end instantly as Rocketman met us halfway, whiplashing us all into its body and
carrying us over the void.
"PFFFHAHAHAHAHAAAAA!" that jackass laughed at the top of his lungs. "READY OR
NOT! HERE! WE! COME!"
Our impromptu flight quickly came to an end as we rammed into and through a yard-thick
wall of stone head-on at all speed.
Once we'd recovered from being dazed by the impact, we all stood by and allowed Nami and
Soundbite to audibly punish the two celebrating idiots who got us into that insanity. I knew it
would work out, sure, but I was still afraid of falling into a seemingly-endless void, dammit!
Right after, that zipper-mouth Fukuro showed up, and Cross made an honest attempt to
convince him to get the hell out of our way in exchange for not getting into a fight with us. It
would've worked, too… if he didn't fear Lucci more than us. Luffy then hit the round assassin
with a Jet Pistol to knock him the hell out.
Before any more action could be taken, we held a brief explanation for what was coming up.
First was the seastone handcuffs they had Robin in, and that all the agents likely had the keys
divided amongst themselves. It was potentially a non-issue, given I still had the Skeleton
Key, but better safe than sorry. We were going to send our best to take down the assassins in
the tower, while the others loot the everliving fuck out of the tower while we were at it.

As Soundbite checked the positions of our varied quarry, he took note of Robin having
moved out of his range fast. Lucci must've carried them through the passageway whilst
Shaving, to prepare the battlefield quicker. Damn Carnivorous Zoan battle-lust.
Either way, we all split up to deal with our assigned duties, myself going with Vivi, Conis,
Reiju and Carue following after Luffy, preparing to give him a head-start so he could get the
fight with Lucci going before passing through to go after Robin. Reiju and Conis joined Vivi
astride her loyal steed, and I easily kept up with them via liberal application of Shunpo as we
followed after our rubber Captain.
Soundbite gave us some guidance to where the secret passageway was, and we charged
straight down it, Lucci having left the door open this time. As we went, I used a spare snail
I'd picked up on the way to keep apprised of what was going on at the tower. Evidently, Jabra
almost pulled a Don Krieg by showing up unconscious, only to get intercepted by a
reawakened Blueno, who was kept from getting to Robin with his powers by Sanji.
Cross and Soundbite, meanwhile, went to Spandam's office to look for juicy secrets, and
ended up weaponizing Abbott and Costello to subdue a Gov't Agent. Then Soundbite treated
the world to the infamous 'Who's on First' bit, which gave us a laughing fit as we continued
running down the tunnel. Things sobered up pretty quickly when he discovered an
operational blackbook for CP9 (for once, Spandam's vainglory was useful), and he exposed a
lot of heavy shit. I decided to hang up once we got near the end of the tunnel, and we gave
Luffy some time to get started.

~BtWwG~

"And three… two… one…" Vivi counted down under her breath as she observed her watch
tick down, before nodding firmly and snapping it shut. "It's been five minutes, Luffy and
Lucci should be well into it. I doubt we'll get a better chance than this." She glanced over her
shoulder at her fellow passengers. "Are you ready?"
Conis adjusted her goggles then wrapped her arms around Vivi's waist with a nod. "Ready
and willing!"
"Su!" Su concurred, digging her claws into Conis' back.
Vivi turned to look at me. "Evan?"
I gave the Princess a look with The People's Eyebrow. "Gee, Vivi, d'ya have to ask?"

She rolled her eyes with a fond smile, then turned her attention to her duck. "Ready for this,
Carue?"
The Supersonic Spot-Billed Duck snorted firmly, snapping his visor down over his eyes.
"Quack."
"Alright then…" Vivi grit her teeth as she took up her partner's reins. "Let's do this!" She
gave the reins a firm snap. "HEEYAH!"
"QUAAACK!" Carue squawked loudly, tearing down the tunnel at breakneck speeds.
"LEEROOOOOOOY! MMMJEEEENKIIINS!!" I cried out as I joined him, barely behind
the duck.
We had left Luffy and had been waiting more than a kilometer away from the Bridge of
Hesitation. Carue and I cleared that distance and tore into the warehouse in under twenty
seconds.
Most people who would enter the room would perceive some sort of malevolent haze tearing
the room asunder. That was due to Luffy figuring out that he'd only be able to beat Lucci by
going all out from the word go, and Lucci eagerly meeting him in turn. Thus the forms of the
lobster-red rubberman and suit-wearing leopard-man were blurs to most people. Carue and I,
used to high-speed movement, were able to mostly follow the two as they battled across the
room.
There was a tense moment when we were halfway across the room, and suddenly, Lucci was
in our path, right in front of Carue. One hand deflecting Luffy's crimson fist… the other
swiping down toward the duck's head, threatening to take off my friends' heads in a single,
clean, utterly unhindered motion.
I prepared to intercept the attack before it could go through, with the hope that I'd take the
asshole's hand off and make Luffy's fight a little easier…
And then, Carue moved.
Rob Lucci snarled out a curse as his claws whiffed through the air, Carue having vanished as
he finally managed to achieve the Shave technique. I knew it would be either him or Usopp
who got it first. Or both.
As the assassin fumed over his failure, I Shunpo'd past him, smacking him in the head on the
way past with a taunting, "Beep Beep!", and caught back up to my comrades. We charged up
the stairs as fast as we could, getting ready to run through our opposition to get our nakama
back. However, once we got up to the Bridge of Hesitation proper, we were met with some
complications. Namely, the two (count 'em, two) Navy Battleships flanking the bridge. The
ones that had already been here, as the Gates hadn't opened since we got here.
"This… isn't good." Su summarized weakly, cowering behind her partner's back.

She, Conis and Vivi weren't worried due to the mob of Marine soldiers that stood in the way,
they'd be easy to deal with. No, the issue at hand lay with the pair of figures leading them.
"Hmph." a large, heavyset, practically ape-like Marine grunted, cocking the rifle he carried
with a precision and subtlety his frame belied. "So, the pirates actually managed to reach us.
How unfortunate. I'd hoped that we'd have been able to accomplish this mission without
bloodshed."
"As if their presence makes a difference, KAPOW!" The other Marine, a relatively fit man
wearing a flamboyant headpiece with goggles, cried as he struck a pose. "We are the heroes
of Justice, PCHOO! And they are the villainous pirates, BLAM! We'll beat them and walk
away scott free, it's only natural, WABAM!" The man then brought his arms up defensively,
his forearms beginning to spin into blurs. "Are you ready, Captain Gorilla, VROOM?!"
The odd-faced Captain snorted as he levelled his rifle at us. "I said I 'hoped' we wouldn't get
into a fight, Captain Sharinguru. Don't take that to mean that I'm neglectful."
"WAHAHAHA! THAT'S RIGHT! GORILLA, SHARINGURU, CHARGE! GET THEM!"
Spandam yelled joyfully as he continued dragging furiously resisting Robin down the bridge,
flanked by a number of shield-toting soldiers guarding him from Usopp's bombardment from
the Tower of Justice. "SHOW THEM THE TRUE MIGHT OF THE MARINES!
WAHAHAHAHAAAAA!"
Vivi and Conis took a second to digest their situation before exchanging panicked glances.
"Shit."
Reiju rolled her eyes. "Honestly, girls, I don't get what you're so worried about." she said
flippantly. "After all, you're forgetting we have a severe advantage over these pricks right
now."
"Namely, me." I spoke, confidently striding out to the front of the group, giving the Marines a
placid smile. "Captains. Let me make something very clear. Over there, our dear friend is
being dragged off by Chief Jackass—"
"HEY!"
"—and we, on the other hand, stand right here. You lot, however, are right smack dab in the
middle. In other words, you are standing in the way of us rescuing our precious nakama." My
smile immediately swapped to a frown as I glared at the assembled Marines and slammed
them with my reiatsu. "Gentlemen… that is not a safe place to stand."
The soldiers struggled to stand under my spiritual pressure, and the two Captains began to
minutely quake in fear. Spandam stopped and damn near collapsed.
I cracked my neck back and forth. "Ladies… go ahead and retrieve Robin. I'll take this from
here."
"No, I don't think you will." a new voice spoke up.

I started in surprise, and my reiatsu cut off, to the immediate relief of the Marines. That
voice, that sounded a lot like…
Two men jumped down to the bridge from one of the battleships. The shorter one with an
easy smile appeared to be another Captain, seemingly nondescript except for his shirt with a
stylized cartoon seal's crying face. The other, however, was a dead ringer for Vin Diesel
himself. I'd recognize that mug (and voice) anywhere, even with the badass beard. He wore
the officer's coat over a crisp black suit.
"Sir, we have the situation handled, KRAKOW!" Captain Sharinguru protested. "You need not
bother with these pirate rabble, SHWAM!"
"On the contrary, Sharinguru." the Officer replied. "That right there is 'Butcher Blade' Siedler
D. Evan. He's of an equal bounty with his Captain, Monkey D. Luffy. That alone should tell
you that he's dangerous. More than that, you remember how Admiral Aokiji showed up to
HQ looking rather worse for wear recently? I spoke to him, and he admitted that Butcher
Blade alone did that to him."
Sharinguru and Gorilla both started, then gave me a fearful look and audibly gulped.
I cocked an eyebrow at the Vin Diesel-alike. "You seem to have me at a disadvantage, officer.
You know a lot about me, but I don't even know your name."
The bald man smiled. "Caulder. Vice-Admiral… Caulder."
My heart dropped into my stomach almost immediately. "...oh."

Chapter End Notes

A/N: Yes, I'm aware that Saul is canonically alive, but I had a word with Xomniac
himself about it, and he says that the Cross Brain are still trying to figure out how to
deal with that particular plothole. So until then, it's written as-is.

Chapter 46: The Enies Lobby Invasion, Part III
A/N: Fun Fact - The Mass Effect: Andromeda mod scene is... severely limited. Not that
there are no good mods, mind, just those I'd like (ex. a mod that changes Augments so
that the Vintage Heat Sink's clip size penalty isn't as severe) don't exist. If I had the
talent to make them myself, I would, but whatever. Time for what you all came here for!

Okay, let's not panic… just a gods-be-damned Vice-Admiral in our way, nothing to worry
about! Nothing at all!
…
…actually, now that I think about it…
"Hold on, what's a Vice-Admiral doing here all of a sudden?" I asked curiously. "As
important as the Government would consider this to be, it seems a bit like overkill. Especially
since you lot had to have been sent before the invasion began."
Caulder shrugged. "You're not wrong. I heard about what was happening back at HQ, and
since I didn't have anything better to do at the time, my subordinate and I decided to tag
along out of curiosity. As you can see, it was fortunate that we did."
"Mmh. Sure. Fortunate. That's one way to look at it."
"WAHAHAHAHA! That's right, you pathetic ingrates!" Spandam jeered. "Against a Vice
Admiral, your chances are less than zero!"
"You know, I'd give real money if he'd just shut up." Vivi growled.
"I'm surprised at you, Vice-Admiral." Reiju spoke up. "Not to mention the two Captains.
Cross dropped the dead-zone some time ago, so you all had to have heard Robin's recounting
of what happened to Ohara. Can you really stand for the Navy and the Government after
hearing that?"
I was mildly surprised, yet also pleased, with Reiju. I was a few moments from trying that,
and she beat me to the punch. The woman knows me enough to anticipate me, I guess. On the
plus side, I saw both Caulder and his subordinate visibly flinch, with a handful of the soldiery
also reacting. On the negative, aside from Gorilla's frown deepening, the two Captains didn't
seem to feel the same.
"It matters not, KA-THOOM!" Sharinguru announced. "Villains are Villains, after
all, KERZAK! It is up to the Heroes to deal with them, no matter what it takes, FOOM!"

Reiju stared blankly at the masked man, then turned to look at me. "What the fuck is
with this guy?" she asked.
I shrugged helplessly. "If I knew that…"
"Regardless of how Sharinguru put it…" Gorilla began. "We have a job to do, and that's
dealing with pirates and criminals. Ohara was bad business… but there's not much we can do
about it now."
"Oh, I can think of plenty we can do about it right now…" I grumbled darkly. I noted that the
former pair still hadn't said anything. "Hell with this, we're wasting time." I turned to Conis
and Vivi. "Girls, looks like you're gonna have to fight these kooks after all. I'll take care of
the big dog. Reiju, you go after Robin."
"Got it." the pinkette nodded. "Toss me!"
I grasped my hands together in front of me, and Reiju alighted upon them, to which I
proceeded to launch her forward at the same time as she pushed off with all her might,
sending her flying past the Marines in our way.
As Sharinguru and Gorilla began to turn and try to stop her, Vivi and Conis were immediately
on the ball, charging in to face off with their respective opponents, gaining their attention.
Reiju landed cleanly on the bridge, and began charging forward herself.
Caulder just smirked. "It's not gonna be that easy. Go!"
Instantly, the man's subordinate officer vanished in Shave, reappearing in front of Reiju, and
the two of them clashed limbs.
"Sorry, miss." he said with an apologetic smile. "Nothing personal, but I can't let you pass.
Don't matter how I feel about the situation, I have a duty to uphold. But I'll tell you what: you
manage to beat me, you can pass and deal with whatever else gets in your way. Good deal?"
Reiju smirked. "I can live with that."
The two then broke the deadlock and leapt back from one another. The Marine tipped his hat
at her. "Captain Spencer, nice to meet you in battle."
"Reiju of the Straw Hat Pirates. Likewise." The two of them then charged forward and began
to clash once again.
I sighed. "Yeah, I figured that was a long shot, but I had to try." I then leveled Zangetsu at the
Vice-Admiral. "You ready for this, big man?"
Caulder chuckled. "Alright. Let's see what you've got, kid." He reached over his shoulder,
and began to draw his sword, only to reach with his other hand as well and reveal it was two
swords; in particular, dual dao swords.

I cocked an eyebrow. "Interesting choice of weapon you got there." I commented.
"Indeed. Engetsu Sōtō is their name, one of only two members of the Great-Grade of Meito
that is a pair of blades meant to be wielded as one."
I smirked. "Heh, what a coincidence. I've already faced the wielder of the other, Kagutsuchi,
back in Alabasta. Zangetsu and I managed to win then, we'll win again today."
Caulder chuckled. "The difference is, your opponent back then wasn't a practitioner of my
homeland's 'Axen Cross' combat style. Allow me to show you…" Suddenly, and without
warning, the Vice-Admiral disappeared into Shave, reappearing in front of me ready to strike.
"Shiet!" I immediately guarded, and as he made impact, the force of the blow sent me
skidding back, all the way back to the first tower of the Bridge of Hesitation, holding Caulder
back the whole time, until the man finally backed off for a moment.
I took a deep breath. "Alright. Let's fuckin' do this." I vanished in Shunpo, moving to attack
from the side. Naturally, Caulder was ready, and defended against my strike. I could already
tell, this was gonna be a slobberknocker to the last guddamn moment.

~BtWwG~

Spencer hit the ground, but on all fours rather than his back, skidding back and stopping a
few feet from some soldiers. He stood back up and grinned. "You sure hit harder than I
expected." he commented
Across from him, Reiju lowered her leg slowly from the donkey kick she'd nailed him with.
Her brow furrowed. "Most people stay down after a blow like that."
"Well, I'm not exactly most people, after all."
Reiju narrowed her eyes. "And the fact that I've used my abilities to nail you with enough
poison to drop twenty men?"
Spencer's grin receded somewhat, and he raised his arms in 'surrender'. "Alright, you got me.
I'm a Devil Fruit user. A Zoan, in fact. Specifically…" Before her eyes, the man began to
transform. He bulked up slightly, his cartoon seal shirt ripping apart. His face slightly
elongated into a snout, his hands grew claws, and he grew dark fur, with a long patch of
white fur from his head down his back.
"The Dog-Dog Fruit, Model: Ratel. A.K.A., The Honey Badger. I boast a high resistance to

all kinds of toxins, and my hide is incredibly tough to get past. Most Zoans are highly
durable, but I'm built even tougher!"
Reiju groaned in annoyance. "Great. So it's gonna be a battle of attrition with you.
Spectacular." She looked confused again. "Wait a minute… the Honey Badger falls under the
'Dog' Zoan Fruits?"
Spencer sighed. "Look, I didn't pick the name, that's just how it's classified in the
Encyclopedia. But I digress." He smiled again, only far more feral. "Prepare yourself."
He vanished low to the ground, moving in a zig-zag rush, claws causing sparks against the
stone as he changed direction erratically to throw her off. Reiju managed to lean away from
the first swipe, but the second raked across her forearm hard enough to shove her sideways.
Spencer stayed on her relentlessly. No pauses, no flourish. A savage barrage of hooks, knees,
shoulder tackles and clawed slashes. Reiju blocked three of his strikes.
The fourth hammered into her ribs. The fifth caught her in the throat. The sixth drove her
back a couple meters. Spencer, pressing the advantage, charged right after her. However, this
would prove to be a mistake, as Reiju revealed her feint, and moved forward with a direct
strike to his sternum, lifting the Ratel-human into the air. She lashed out with several more
blows, basically juggling the Marine captain for a few seconds, before sending him flying
back with a powerful roundhouse kick.
When he hit the bridge, he clung to it with his claws, digging furrows into it to stop just shy
of being thrown off and into the drink. Spencer looked up at Reiju, still grinning feral. The
young woman was panting slightly, feeling at least some of the effects of the assault.
"Heh…" the Captain chuckled. "Battle of attrition is right. Forget hitting harder, you take hits
pretty damn good, too."
"What can I say?" Reiju shrugged. "I'm just a hell of a woman."
"You're damn right about that."
With that, he charged at Reiju again, and she did the same, the two meeting in the middle to
clash, beginning to trade blows back and forth. As they did, Reiju hit him again and again.
But not just with physical blows.
Her poisons and venoms. Different compounds every time. Neurotoxins. Hemotoxins.
Muscle Inhibitors. She hit him with everything she had and more. She was caught in a fairly
bad matchup for her.
But not unwinnable.

~BtWwG~

Another symphony of clashing steel rang out as Caulder and I met blades, the man moving
just as I expected. The kind of weapons he wielded, I recognized the style. Zuko from Avatar:
The Last Airbender. The Fire Prince was such a good swordsman with those blades that even
Ozai didn't wanna fuck with him during the Eclipse when neither could firebend.
"Hado #31: Shakkaho!" I called, sending the attack at Caulder. The man swung his swords
in tandem, deflecting and dispersing it away from him.
Sadly, that knowledge didn't help much for an actual clash with a swordsman of this caliber.
He was giving me a hell of a time, and I sparred with Zoro on a semi-regular basis! However,
something felt off this entire time we've been fighting.
And Zangetsu knew it, too.
"Axen Cross: Black Wake!" Caulder ran forward, dragging one blade along the floor, then
swung upward, the attack creating a rising arc of a flying slash, carrying debris with it. I
countered immediately with a Getsuga Tengo to block the attack.
"What's your game, Caulder?" I demanded, stopping the man in his tracks.
"Game?" he asked in confusion.
"You're a Vice-Admiral. I'm certain you should be stronger than this, rather than fighting
evenly with me. More than that, Zangetsu can tell exactly why: you're holding back."
The Vice-Admiral blinked in surprise.
"So, what's the deal? Why aren't you going all-out here? Unless… you really don't agree with
what's happening here…"
Caulder sighed in a tired manner. "You're right. I don't like the things the Government has
done… but I still need to fight. So I'm fighting at an acceptable level to test you. If you can
manage to overcome me at this level, then you deserve to save Nico Robin. That's what I've
decided."
"Generous. But if you know all about the atrocities your organization has committed on
behalf of the World Government, then why keep working for them at all?"
The Vice-Admiral breathed out through his nose. "I'm following Garp's example. He knows
more about those atrocities than even I do, and yet he sticks around because somebody needs

to try and ensure the corruption at the top doesn't reach all the new blood. To be an example
to them, and teach them to be true Marines." He snarled. "Better than letting the
damned Revolutionaries have their way…"
I blinked. "You have beef with the Revos in particular?"
"Damn right I do…" Caulder confirmed, shaking in anger. "My daughter is dead because of
those bastards! She joined the Navy, just like me. But the base she was stationed at was
raided by the Revolutionaries for the intel it stored. Then they blew the whole thing to hell!
There wasn't even anything left of her to bury! I'll never forgive them for it!"
Well that sobered me up real quick. "I'm sorry to hear that." I said sincerely. "No parent
should have to bury their child, metaphorically or otherwise."
"I appreciate your sympathy." Caulder nodded, before taking up a stance. "Now, enough of
the past. Show me your conviction, Seidler D. Evan! Axen Cross: Grave Current!" He
crossed both his swords then released a compressed flying slash in the shape of an X, coming
right at me.
"You got it! Getsuga… Tenshou!" I let loose my signature move at maximum power,
sending it to collide with Caulder's attack, the two moves struggling for a moment before my
Getsuga overwhelmed his flying slash, continuing toward the officer.
"Black Wake!" Another upward slash attack was used to counter my incoming attack, and
managed to finish it off.
Before I moved to attack again, I caught something out of the corner of my eye. I'd noticed
earlier that since the rest of us were preoccupied with our own battles, Carue had tried to take
off to grab Robin herself. Sadly, he ran into the last obstacle in his way: Funkfreed,
Spandam's elephant-sword.
However, that wasn't what was catching my attention at the moment. What had me breaking
focus on the battle was Spandam fixing Robin with a look of sheer hatred… while pointing a
pistol right at her head.
"ROBIN!" I cried out, getting Caulder to look over at the scene as well in shock.
"That… monster… as you called him…" Spandam hissed viciously through clenched teeth.
"Was my father."
"Chief Spandam!" one of the Marines spoke up. "Our orders are to take her in—!"
*BLAM*
"AGH!"
Everyone on the bridge froze in mixed shock and horror as Spandam shot the soldier in the
shoulder, then returned to his original target, without even a glance.

"Spandam!" Caulder yelled furiously. "What the hell are you doing?!"
"That's right, sir!" Captain Gorilla agreed. "The mission—!"
"The mission," Spandam spat venomously. "Is no longer a priority. I've put up with this filthy
demon's insolence up until now for the sake of the World Government. But now? Now I
couldn't care if she were the bastard brat of one of the Five Elders. From the day I became the
highest authority in Enies Lobby, there is one decree I've made that has stood firm regardless
of the circumstances: the penalty for insulting my father in front of me…"
He pressed the muzzle of the gun between Robin's thoroughly terrified eyes and pulled the
hammer back. "Is immediate execution. Goodbye, Devil Child. It's time for you to rejoin your
mother and the rest of Ohara's demons in Hell."
"SPANDAM, STAND DOWN!" Caulder screamed, but it seemed that the Chief was too far
gone.
I wasted no time, and immediately took off like a shot towards him. I felt movement beside
me, seeing the Vice-Admiral keeping pace, not to stop me, but to accomplish the same goal. I
also noticed Reiju and Spencer locked up in a grapple, and Reiju wanted to help, but was
caught in the hold while Spencer seemed unsure of what to do at the moment.
I raced forward, seeing Spandam's finger curling around the trigger, praying I would make it
in time—!
"STOOOOOOOP!"
Before a voice roared over the bridge, and in an instant, something washed over me and froze
me in place, causing me to crash to the ground awkwardly. I wasn't alone, as Caulder was in a
similar state next to me, and I noticed that basically everyone on the bridge, enemy and ally
both, were standing completely motionless, eyes wide with fear and confusion.
'Oh what in the actual fuck?'
"What…" Vivi breathed in confusion. "What just—?"
*KA-BLAM*
"GAGH!"
The Princess was broken out of her shock by an Exploding Star slamming into the face of a
Marine who'd been about to swing his sword through her neck.
That explosion was enough to break whatever spell the bridge had fallen under, prompting
the soldiers to scramble back into the defensive positions they'd been using to hide from
Usopp. For the most part…

"W't th' 'ell…?" Spandam ground out through his locked jaw. "Ah 'an't 'ove!"
"And thank God for that." one of his guard-soldiers scowled, working the pistol out of his
fingers while another dragged Robin out of his line of fire, causing her to sigh in relief— and
then blink in confusion as they made no attempt to force her to go any further.
"...Ah, not that I'm complaining, but why aren't you taking me to the gates?" she asked
warily.
The nearest soldier rolled his eyes. "Because Spandam gave ironclad orders that nobody is to
open the Gates until he's right there in person."
"And despite the fact that he's clearly unstable," another soldier continued. "The only ones
who can remove officials from their positions are those with rank or authority higher than
theirs."
I cast a look over to Caulder.
He shrugged. "My authority is technically equal to his, unfortunately. Otherwise I'd have him
removed myself. Still, since when could that Princess of yours do that?"
"At a guess?" I replied. "About now-ish. Didn't feel like Conqueror's Haki, not like any I've
felt."
"Mmh. Not at all. I have a feeling it might be—" Caulder was interrupted as I hit him with a
surprise Sweet Chin Music to send him right into the sky. Instead of descending, however,
he remained in the air via application of Moonwalk. I quickly joined him in the air, and
clashed blades with him once again, moving all throughout the air above the bridge.

~BtWwG~

After that sudden interruption, Reiju continued her one v one with Captain Spencer, neither
one's attacks seeming to make much progress against one another. However, for all her
incredible durability, Reiju was beginning to falter, the savage strikes of the Honey Badgerman finally wearing her down. Meanwhile the stupidly tough and pliable pelt of the Marine
Officer kept her own attacks from doing enough damage.
"Face it, Miss Reiju!" Spencer called to her from his next charge. "My defense is too much
for you to overcome!" He leapt forward with both clawed hands ready to rip into her. Reiju

deftly dodged him and hit him with a flying femur to the back of his neck, sending him
tumbling further forward. He rolled over and skidded to a stop, rolling his neck like the blow
was only a minor nuisance. Which it probably was.
'It shouldn't be much longer…' she thought to herself, preparing to
reengage. 'Come on already!'
"VIVIIIIII!!!!" Conis screamed in terror. Reiju whipped her head around to look at the same
thing that had the angel in tears.
The Princess had just taken a serious blow, Sharinguru's spinning fist literally buried halfway
into her abdomen. Vivi then got sent spinning and flying backward, slamming into and
bouncing off the bridge's stonework, landing on her side and skidding to a stop. She tried to
get to her knees, only for a shuddering spasm to wrack her body, the young woman vomiting
onto the ground, a glob of blood mixed in.
"Shit, Vivi!" Reiju exclaimed in worry, before tensing up as her instincts kicked in, and she
just barely registered Captain Spencer coming right at her.
"Five-Finger Pistol: Death Punch!" he cried, his right hand with all five clawed fingers
extended to pierce right through her torso. She just barely moved aside to avoid most of it,
but one of his claws tore into her side, ripping open a bad gash as he went right past her.
"Ugh!" Reiju stumbled to one knee, clutching the bleeding wound in pain.
"Shouldn't take your eyes off your opponent, girlie-pop." Spencer advised. "Looks like things
are about to come to a close here."
Conis attempted to move to Vivi's aid, but Captain Gorilla got in her way, locking up her
Bazooka with his gun. "Be quiet and watch your friend's execution." he told her coldly.
"You'll be joining her for the crimes you've committed soon enough."
"INDEED, WHA-BAM!" Sharinguru cackled as he stalked up to Vivi. "This, right here, right
now, is what I truly live for, DAH-DAH-DAH-DAAAAH! The Hero punishing the Villain, KABLAM! Sacred Good triumphing over Vile Evil, KA-BOOM!"
The Captain grinned victoriously as he raised his foot high above Vivi's head and started a
rotation so fast that the very air around it started to ripple. "THIS! IS THE VERY
DEFINITION! OF JUSTICE!" he roared at the top of his lungs. "JUSTICE GILLOTINE!"
And with that, he dropped his heel in a blow that aimed to sever Vivi's head from her neck.
"Stop."
Or it would have, were it not for that single word causing Sharinguru to freeze in place,
killing his rotation dead. It wasn't yelled, wasn't screamed, wasn't pleaded. It was just a
simple word. No… a single command. A command packed with so much power and
authority that Sharinguru's body had no choice but to lock up.

It wasn't just Sharinguru who froze up either. Gorilla, Conis, Su, Reiju, Spencer, Robin…
basically, everyone on the entire bridge found themselves paralyzed again. Hilariously, Evan
and Caulder both dropped out of the sky back onto the bridge with near-simultaneous,
"OOF"s. Both men found it wearing off quickly, shook themselves off and took back off into
the sky.
"W-What—?" Sharinguru bit out around his frozen face.
"Sorry about that, you guys." Vivi spoke, working her way to her feet. But it's hard enough
bringing this power up as it is; near as I can tell, I can either use it on one or everyone, and I
thought it best to stop your opponents too."
She began to move again, then hissed and cast a pained grimace at her torso. "Ah, damn it.
That punch didn't break skin, thankfully, so my insides aren't pureed, but this is still gonna
leave a nasty scar, especially since you destroyed my vial of Chopper's Cure Potion, too." She
shot an exasperated glare over her shoulder at Sharinguru. "You are insanely lucky that Sanji
isn't here, you know that?"
"How—?!" the Wheel-man snarled murderously.
Vivi maintained her cool stare for a moment longer before hanging her head with a sigh.
"Honestly? I'm not even sure. This is all as new to me as it is to you. But I'm fairly certain
that its basis revolved around my instincts as a ruler."
"Ruler's Instinct." Su uttered in a genuine combo of awe and naked terror. "Instinct is… it's
something that every living being is born with. It leads us to food or water, warns us of
danger, all kinds of things. But…"
Su slowly shook her head. "Not all are created equal. Some beings… when they're born, their
instincts are superior. These beings, their instincts aren't just about survival, they're
about leadership. The instinct to rule over others. I've only ever heard of it being found in the
likes of Alpha Wolves and Sea Kings. But then again, I suppose that when you consider the
existence of people like Wyper and Gan Fall, it's only natural to assume that humans would
have it, too."
Vivi nodded in agreement. "All my life, I've known that I would one day rule. It wasn't just
from my father telling me, or my friends or subjects, it was just…" She held her hand up and
stared at it, flexing her fingers. "Something I've known, from the deepest part of my heart.
Something basic, something natural. A fact, if you will. Grass grows, birds fly, and I,
Nefertari Vivi, was born to rule. And now…"
Vivi affixed the Marine Captain with a firm look. "Now I can actually use it. I don't know
how, but I'm bringing it out, and even if you refuse it with all your heart and soul, I
will make you obey the divine right that I have held within me since I was born."
She raised her head proudly as she glared down at the Marine. "I am Princess Nefertari Vivi
of Alabasta, and you will respect my authority!"

Reiju grinned in delight. "You go, girl…" she muttered.
"...okay, I gotta admit." Spencer smirked slightly. "That's kinda awesome."
"...I honestly never expected to ask this question again, but… how does that make sense?"
Robin wondered aloud.
"Tseeheeheeheehee… haven't you been around here for a few years, Robin?" Su asked
amusedly. "This ocean is the Grand Line. There is no need for sense here. What is… just
simply is."
"Respect…?" Sharinguru ground out viciously, shivering in place. "Respect…
your… authorityyyy?"
Without any warning, Sharinguru's foot suddenly slammed down and cracked the stone of the
Bridge.
"THE ONLY AUTHORITY THAT I RESPECT!" the Captain roared as he ripped the blade
at his side from its sheath. "IS THAT OF JUSTICE!" He leapt at Vivi, sword-arm extended
and his wrist rotating so rapidly as to make it a disc of pure steely death. "JUSTICE
MAELSTROM!"
Before Vivi could prepare to defend herself, a grenade came whistling in. The wheel-man
almost missed it, and managed to put his attack between him and it before the thing
detonated. However, the suction of his attack meant the blast hit him all at once, knocking
him out of the sky and sending him bouncing off down the Bridge, scorched medium-rare.
"I'm very sorry if you wanted him for yourself, Vivi." Conis apologised, smiling while
reloading her launcher. "But you see… the fact is that he does seem like a pretty tough
enemy, and I'd like to inflict some pain on him myself. Would you mind terribly if I took him
off your hands?"
"We'll lay an absolute world of hurt on him, we promise!" Su smirked sadistically.
The Princess blinked in surprise for a moment before smiling and shrugging indifferently.
"Fine by me, his lunatic ramblings were starting to grate at my ears. Meanwhile…" Her
expression turned cold as she turned her attention behind Conis. "Freeze." she ordered.
Captain Gorilla froze mid-aim, barely staying on his feet.
Vivi smiled even as she jerked her Lion Cutters back into her hands and started spinning
them. "I'll handle the overgrown ape. Altogether, I think that for the two of us it should only
take… what, half a minute?"
"Eh…" Conis wavered her hand side-to-side. "Personally, I'd prefer to call it a full minute. It's
better to finish with time to spare than to be late, you know."
"Fair enough. Now then…" Vivi narrowed her gaze. "Shall we?"

Conis' expression hardened as she slammed her fist into her palm. "Let's."
And with that, the pirates began to approach their opponents.
"Well now, not quite as over with as I thought." Captain Spencer commented, shrugging. "Oh
well, that means back to wor—!" He was interrupted by a drop kick to the skull from Reiju,
back on her feet.
He skidded back, digging more furrows on the stonework, then launched himself toward her
again. "I already told you, that's not good enough!" He began to spin, a blue blade of air
forming around him. "Tempest Kick: Zhukov's Curse!"
Reiju just managed to dodge out of the way of the spinning ball of death, only for him to pull
a U-turn and come right back, making her flip over him to dodge again. He finally stopped,
getting back on his feet and grinning at the girl. "It's like they say, Miss Reiju… 'you can run,
but you'll just die tired'. Time to pack it in, you'll never outlast me."
"'Never' you say?" Reiju replied with a smirk. "Are you sure? 'Never' is such a long time,
after all."
"Oh, I'm sure, alright. There's no way for you to match my durabili—guh…" He cut himself
off with a groan, holding his head. "Wh-What the…?" From the Captain's perspective, his
vision was swimming, and he was developing the mother of all migraines. "What's going
on…?"
"Ah, at last. I was wondering how much longer it would take."
Spencer tried to focus on the pirate girl. "What're you talking about… what did you do?"
"You said that Honey Badgers have a high resistance to toxins, not immunity. That means
there's a limit to what you can take, right?" She grinned victoriously. "So this entire time, I've
been hitting you with every kind of toxin I can possibly produce, one after another. Seems
you've finally hit your limit."
"G-Ghk…!" Captain Spencer choked, as patches of purple began blooming on his body. His
legs gave out under him, and he went to his knees. The myriad of venoms and poisons in his
system began to compound on each other now that his resistance was overwhelmed. He then
found himself reverting to human form. "N-N-Not bad…" he admitted with a smirk. "Guess
my impregnable defense isn't—hurk…! S-So immutable after all…"
"It was a good fight." Reiju nodded before closing the distance and lashing out with a
roundhouse kick to Spencer's face, sending the Captain to the ground unconscious. She then
knelt down, and gave him her Toxic Absorption Kiss, drawing out just enough of the many
afflictions she'd dealt him to keep the man from dying. She patted him on the cheek. "Keep
up the good work, Captain~."
"This… This can't be happening!" Spandam hollered from down the street. "THIS ISN'T

HAPPENING!"
Reiju looked up, and saw that her comrades had finished dealing with their opponents as
well, Gorilla laying in a puddle of his own blood at Vivi's feet, and a slightly-smoking hole in
one of the battleships that must be where Sharinguru went.
"You'd better damn well believe that it is, you bastard!" Vivi called after him. "And once we
get our hands on you, you're next!"
"So, girls…" Reiju called out as she and Conis jogged up to the Princess. "We all done,
then?" Conis nodded in the affirmative.
"Yeah, I'm…" Vivi heaved a sigh as she also nodded. "It was tough, but I'm alright. Now that
that's out of the way, let's head after Carue and—GYAH!"
Vivi and the others jumped as a stray attack came from above and crashed incredibly close to
the girls' position. "Where in the… Evan!" Conis exclaimed, looking up, her crewmates
following suit.
The young man continued moving through the air, clashing back and forth with Vice-Admiral
Caulder. However, he seemed to be doing so with a debilitating injury. Earlier, when Vivi had
been hit, Reiju had not been the only one who got distracted and paid for it. When Evan's
concern stole his attention, Caulder hit him with an attack he called 'Axen Cross: Coffin
Nail'. He'd come at him with one dao, trapping Zangetsu in a lock, while driving the second
blade into his left shoulder with pinpoint precision.
In that moment, Evan understood; if Caulder had really wanted to, he could've driven that
strike through his heart, and succeeded. From that point on, he fought with one arm as useful
as if he'd tied it behind his back, as Caulder had stopped him from using his own Cure Potion
when he tried using it.
"Getsuga Tatsumaki!" Evan cried, attempting to catch the Vice-Admiral in the deadly
whirlwind. However, another application of Grave Current managed to tear through the
attack, destroying both.
"I'm sorry to say, boy, but this battle seems to be decided." Caulder spoke solemnly. "Your
mistake earlier cost you, and you've been primarily on the defense ever since."
"Huff… Huff… I can do this all day…" Evan panted, readying for his next move.
The bald man shook his head. "No… no, if this is all you have left, then there's no point to
drawing this out any longer. Let's see you get up from this next move! Axen Cross: Grave
Rip Current!" Another of his flying cross-slashes, this one far stronger and faster, ripped
through the air towards him.
Evan just barely got a Getsuga Tengo in the way to shield against the attack, struggling to do
so one-handed, but managing by holding Zangetsu upside down against his elbow. When the
attack was repelled, he revelled in success for a single second, before realizing, with Caulder

descending on him with his fist cocked back, that this was the attack he'd meant.
"STERN BEAST: WILD HUNT!"
The Vice-Admiral's fist made impact with Evan's abdomen with incredible force, almost
appearing as if it bent the young man's body like rubber to show on the other side. Then, with
a thunderous sound like a cannon going off in one's ear, Evan was sent screaming down out
of the air, directly into the water with a mighty splash.
"NO! EVAN!" The four Straw Hat women on the Bridge cried out in horror. After a moment,
Reiju moved to try and do something to help him. However, she was stopped in her tracks
when Caulder came down and landed right in her path.
"My apologies, young ladies…" Caulder spoke with genuine regret. "It seems your friend
wasn't up to the task after all. His conviction was strong… but not enough. I'm afraid you've
lost." With that, he began walking sedately toward them.

~BtWwG~

'FUCK ME, that hurts!' I thought as I sank beneath the waves, arm held tight to my wounded
torso. 'Hit like a fuckmothering bullet train at full speed…'
It was clear as day I was getting my ass kicked. I really should've known better, letting
myself be distracted. Vivi was strong, and could take care of herself. My last glance
downward before this showed that to be true.
'I can't let this be the end…' I thought desperately. 'I have to win… I must!'
Any further musings were interrupted by a chuckle from a familiar, dual-layered voice. "
(Well now, don't you seem to be in a sticky wicket!)" My Inner Hollow spoke with
amusement. "(Tell me, Evan, is it finally time? At long last?)"
My expression betrayed nothing for a few moments. Then… I grinned fiercely.

—o—

Earlier in the Day/Night/Whatever
Water 7, Rocketman Dock
I paced back and forth, waiting desperately as Iceberg continued working on the damage
done to Rocketman so we could get going. My worry, however, didn't have anything to do
with Robin, or Enies, or CP9 (not that I wasn't worried about Robin at all, mind). I found
myself worrying over the same issue that had been plaguing me for the past handful of days
since it happened.
My Hollowfication. I couldn't shake the worry, no matter how much I tried. It was that one
damn nightmare… it just felt so real. A part of me almost saw it like a premonition rather
than a dream. I don't know what—
"Hey, Evan." Luffy said, popping up out of nowhere.
"BWAHHAHUH!" I jumped, clutching my heart. "Damn, Luffy, don't do that."
"Shishi, sorry." He tilted his head at me. "Are you okay? You seem worried about something.
And not something like what we're doing now, either."
I blinked in surprise. "Luffy, how did you know?" I asked incredulously.
The rubberman shrugged. "I dunno. Just a gut feeling I had. So, what's wrong?"
I just decided to accept that explanation, and sighed explosively. "Luffy, do you remember
back on…" I held back a groan. "That One Island, where we all had that shared nightmare?"
Luffy nodded. "Course I do. That sure sucked, huh?"
"Yeah… Well, I was convinced it was real at the time, and my powers were convinced that I
was dying at one point. They rolled me something called 'Hollowfication'. It's basically added
a sort of 'Inner Hollow' to my spiritual powers. It helped beat the bad guy during the
nightmare, but the power stayed behind for real. I had a different nightmare recently, about a
future battle where I lost control of those powers and turned into a.. a demon, slaughtering
anything in my way. What I'm trying to say is… I'm worried that I won't be able to control
this, and might be a danger, even." I rested my face in my hand. "I just… I don't know…"
Luffy had just sat there, taking in all I said, nodding here and there. Then, his features twisted
as he began thinking hard. Then his eyes lit up, and he nodded with finality. "I don't think so."
he declared.
"You… you don't?" I asked., looking up.
"Nah, I'm sure you'll figure it out. It's your power, right?"

I nodded in the affirmative. "It is."
He grinned that signature D-shaped grin. "Then it's fine! You're my nakama, you can handle
it, I know you can!"
I chuckled at his uplifting words. "I'm glad to hear it, Luffy, but I'm not sure it'll be as sim—"
I stopped. Blinked. Twice.
Then I slammed my palm directly into my face. "DAAHUH!" I groaned in exasperation at
myself.
Luffy just blinked dumbly. "What's wrong?"
"I…" I began. "Am a Grade-A, certified, brainless jackass, that's what." I then grabbed Luffy
in a big bear hug. "You, however, are truly an Idiot Savant! Thank you, Luffy. I know what to
do now."
"Shishishi! No problem!" he hugged back. "Anyway, I'm gonna go over there now, later!" And
just as quickly as he appeared, be bounced off to do Gods know what.
Holy shit, how could I have been so blind? How could I forget something so crucial to my
main ability set?! I needed to address this as soon as I got a chance—
ping!

You have earned an Item Roll!

Well, that should take my mind off things, certainly…

—o—

Some Time Later
Rocketman, En-Route to Enies Lobby
At this point, slipping into Jinzen was remarkably easy, taking very little time at all. Just

sitting in the position, the sealed Zangetsu in my lap, and within a minute, I opened my eyes
and found myself back on my stained-glass Heart Platform in my Inner World. It had changed
a lot from when I first saw it. The array of circles on the outer edge of the platform were no
longer empty, most depicting a member of the crew. One had changed from a circle to a
heart, with Nami displayed within, naturally.
"Good to see you as always, Evan." Zangetsu greeted me with a polite bow.
I returned the gesture. "You too, old friend." I gave him a serious look. "Where is he?"
Zangetsu simply looked behind me, nodding upward. I turned right around… and there he
was.
My Inner Hollow. Looking exactly like me, only in a black and white photo negative, a
sinister grin playing across his features.
"(Heeey, King.)" he greeted me with a little wave. "(About damned time you paid me a
visit. I was getting sooo lonely~)" He snickered gleefully.
"Oh, I'm sure." I deadpanned at him.
"(Sooo, what's up? Here to make a plea, or a deal, or even a plea deal?
Hehehehe…)" He shrugged at me. "(After all, it's only a matter of time before you get in
over your head again, and when you do, I'll have to take over your body!
WOOHAHAHAHAAA!)"
"Save it."
"(WOOHAHA—huh?)"
I put up a hand in a 'stop' gesture."Enough of the evil little shit act. I won't fall for it
anymore."
The Hollow blinked in confusion. "(What are you even on about?)"
"'I am thou, thou art I…'" I quoted. "Persona. Not quite the same situation, but close enough.
You, Me, Zangetsu. We are all one being. You two are both aspects of my powers. You're a
part of me, so you know damn well that I've remembered that bit from the Bleach manga. It's
been so long, I completely forgot until Luffy jogged that memory."
The Hollow stood there, staring at me with no particular expression.
"I'm also remembering more of what happened back on Omatsuri Island when you were in
control. You were in the perfect position to start absolutely dogwalking the Baron, but
abandoned that to save innocent bystanders from the False Hollows he and the Lily created.
Then, when the damn flower died and all the illusions went with it, the first thing you did was
check on Nami and all the rest of the crew, out of concern. You are not evil, not even close.

"In short, there is no need for us to fight like Ichigo and White did during the main story.
Ichigo only resisted him because he misunderstood his own powers. I don't. I need to get
stronger, fast, and this is my best bet right now since I still have no way to achieve Bankai
yet. So… how about we skip the bullshit, and get stronger so we can save Robin and burn
Enies Lobby to the fucking ground?"
My Hollow continued to stand there a few moments more, simply staring. Suddenly, he
drooped in sheer disappointment. "(Aw, c'mon, Evan!)" he whined petulantly. "(I
was really looking forward to playing the bad guy! You know damn well your better
nature kept you from doing evil playthroughs in games back home, this was a golden
opportunity!)"
I smirked, shrugging my shoulders. "Tough luck. We don't have time for that bullshit
anymore. Maybe if things were different, I'd humor you. Not now. Also, fuck you for the
nightmare, by the way."
My Hollow snickered. "(Bitch, please! I don't have control over your dreams, that shit
was all you.)"
"Whatever. Still happened because of you. Now, where do we start?"
"(Not so fast, Evan.)" My Hollow held up a hand. "(I'll help you get the hang of our
powers, for sure.)" He closed every finger but the pointer. "(On one condition…)"
I rolled my eyes. "Of course. Fine, tell me."
"(Your sorry ass… needs to get laid more.)"
I blinked dumbly at the walking photo negative. "I… don't see how. Nami and I get
intimate more than enough."
My Hollow scoffed. "(Not that, obviously. Though that is good. I meant the others.)"
I cocked an eyebrow at him. "Clarify." I demanded suspiciously.
"(Dude… you're surrounded by some of the most beautiful, talented and strongest
women in the world on this crew. And I'm the personification of your instincts, so I
know damn well that you've got the hots for all of them. Reiju, Vivi, Robin, Conis. You
fantasize, don't deny it.)"
I looked on at the crazy pseudo-demon, then sighed explosively. "I won't deny it, yeah, they're
all severely what one might call 'Wife Material'. But I'm not about to cheat on Nami just to
satisfy our extra urges."
"(WOOHAHAHAHAHAA!)" My Hollow guffawed. "(It's cute how you think you'll be
cheating with what I have in mind!)"
My eyebrows knitted together in confusion. "The fuck is that supposed to mean?"

My Hollow sighed. "(Hoo boy, you really are still that dense, aren't you?)"
I ignored whatever he was on about. "It's not happening."
"(Yet…)" I barely heard him mutter. "(Uugghh, fine! I'll teach you anyway. Lucky for us,
being in our Inner World means we can make use of a semi-sorta time dilation, being in
the mind and all.)"
"Yeah, thank fuck for that…" Suddenly, a thought occurred to me. "Say, I almost forgot. I
never asked your name."
My Hollow snickered. "(Oh, now he thinks to ask. Tell ya what, maybe I'll tell you my
name someday, when you're ready. 'Till then, just call me Hollow. Not like there are
others to confuse me with, right?)"
"Unless you count Perona's 'Hollows'."
He scoffed. "(I sure as fuck don't.)" He drew his copy of our sword. "(Aaaalrighty then!
Let's get started, shall we?)"
I grinned eagerly, mirroring him. "Let's shall…"

—o—

BGM by Soundbite.mp3
I chuckled internally. 'Oh yeah, Hollow. Time to show this guy we can more than back up our
conviction.'
"(OH YEAH! It's about damn time! Let's do this, Bossman! Let's kick his ass and save the
girl! WOOHAHAHA!)"
Still grinning, I reached up to my face with my fingers clawed. Black and red-hued reishi
pooled around my hand, and I ripped down, and my Visored Mask instantly formed on my
face.
Back on the surface, the explosion of my power caused an eruption from the water, making
everyone pause and shiver as the terrifying reiatsu washed over them. Caulder turned around,
only to tense up as he felt something pass him. He turned back, and there I was, Zangetsu
over my right shoulder, my wounded left shoulder healed over, the viscous Hollow fluid
already hardened and flaking off.

Vice Admiral Caulder grinned. "Second wind? Very well, let's see—!" I interrupted him with
a mighty blow to the face, sending him flying skyward again. I rocketed after him
immediately, and as he drew Engetsu Sōtō, we clashed in the air for round two.
We began trading blows back and forth across the sky over the Bridge of Hesitation,
everyone below stopping anything they were doing to watch in awe. However, there was a
marked difference in how it was going compared to before. With the boost my Visored Mask
was giving me, I was faster. Stronger. Better. Now Caulder was the one on the defensive, not
me.
"Tempest Kick: Hurricane Barrage!" He gained some distance, and began to spin,
unleashing a storm of air slashes at me from both his dao and his legs. I countered fast,
conjuring up a Getsuga Tatsumaki around me to negate them. When it dissipated, I took the
Vice-Admiral off guard with a Shishin, faster than I'd ever done it before. He didn't even
have time to dodge, all he could do was block and deflect, and even then he took a cut or two
here and there.
Eventually, he managed to close the distance again, and came at me with both blades crossed
over his chest. "Axen Cross: Judgement Cutter!" As he moved to strike, I countered with a
hard overhead swing, the ringing of our swords clashing echoing across the area. We leapt
way back, breaking the deadlock, each of us hanging in the air, the Marine Officer a ways
above me.
"It seems I wasn't the only one holding back, now was I?!" Caulder called out.
"(Had to keep some cards close to my chest, y'know!)" I replied cockily.
"Perhaps I should take you a little more seriously then…"
The Vice-Admiral then raised both blades above his head, and I saw him coat them in his
Armament Haki. I responded by holding Zangetsu by my side, charging the blade with
Getsuga. That's all I called this move before, but I've got a better name for it now…
"Axen Cross…" Suddenly, he descended, bringing Engetsu Sōtō downward in a crushing
double execution strike. "Underworld Crossing!"
I moved to meet him, and only uttered one word.
"(Zantetsuken.)"
With that, there was the ringing of a clash that exceeded the previous, and we were on
opposite sides of one another. A wound opened up on my right shoulder, superficial, my
regeneration could deal with it easily.
Caulder, on the other hand, jerked back as a large gash opened up in his torso, letting out a
loud grunt of pain.

I tossed Zangetsu high into the air, and turned around, my fists both clenched and drawn
back. "(Sōkotsu!)" I slammed my attack directly into the Vice-Admiral, and with a crack like
thunder, he was sent down, all the way down to one of the battleships, where he slammed into
the deckhouse, the structure practically crushed inward as he did, the whole ship rocking
back from the force.
I caught Zangetsu as he came back down, hearing my comrades below cheering at my
victory. But I couldn't exactly join them. When I hit Caulder, I felt him use Armament to
mitigate the damage. On top of that, I could feel his energy signature, so not only was he
alive, he was conscious.
My concerns were proven right as the remains of the deckhouse burst apart, the Vice-Admiral
emerging, bloody but unbowed. He resheathed Engetsu Sōtō, and looked up at me with an
approving grin.
"Not bad at all, boy!" he praised. "But let's see how you handle this one!" He brought both
his arms up, holding his clenched fists in a familiar stance.
'What the hell is he doing?' I wondered. 'The Six King Gun is a close-range only attack, so
why…?' I stopped wondering when I saw both his arms become coated in Advanced
Armament Hardening. Haki had the capacity to be as bullshit as most Devil Fruits, so I
suppose…
"(Time to show him what for, Bossman! Hit him with the big guns!)" My Hollow crowed.
'Works for me.' I held up Zangetsu, and pointed him directly at Caulder, grasping my arm to
brace. Energy began pooling in a sphere at the tip, the color a beautiful shade of T.A.R.D.I.S.
Blue.
On the ship, air began idly swirling around Caulder, enveloping his body. "All hands, prepare
to abandon ship in case this attack fails! That's an order!" The Vice Admiral barked. It spoke
volumes that none of the soldiers on board questioned him.
The sphere of Hollow Reishi before me continued to grow as I charged it with ever more
power.
"Here it comes! SIX! KING! CANNON!"
A massive wave of compressed air erupted from his position, and I watched as the attack
came screaming toward me.
"(Now eat this, sucka! CEROOO!)"
I fired the attack in energy wave-form, the blue reishi moving at ridiculous speeds, only to
meet with the Vice-Admiral's attack halfway. The two struggled against one another for a few
moments… then my Cero began to tear the air wave apart on its way towards the source.
As he'd ordered, the multitude of Marines onboard began to abandon ship, some being smart

enough to jump onto the bridge, but most just decided to jump into the water and swim for it.
The man himself however?
He stood there, a surprised look on his face… only to smirk in acceptance, and approval.
"Very well done." he spoke. With that, the attack enveloped him, and broke through the rest
of the vessel.
The entire battleship went up in a massive explosion, the shockwave nearly knocking
everyone off their feet. In my mind's eye, I imagined everyone pausing in whatever they were
doing to take note of the sudden massive blast. Heh, Usopp must be pulling an Eneru over on
the tower.
I panted, feeling a bit wiped from dumping so much energy into that Cero. I then grinned
victoriously behind my mask. "(Game… Set… Match.)"
With that, I dropped back down to land next to my comrades, who rushed right over to me.
"Sobek's Teeth, Evan!" Vivi exclaimed. "That was incredible!"
I scratch the back of my head. "(Well, I aim to please.)"
"Your pressure feels… different now." Conis commented hesitantly. "Kinda…"
"Darker?" Su chimed in.
"...pretty much."
"(It's fine.)" I assured them. "(You're not wrong, but it's nothing to be concerned about.
All under control.)"
Then suddenly, and without warning, my mask cracked, and promptly shattered. As it did, I
went to one knee in exhaustion.
"Are you okay?!" Reiju yelped in surprise.
"Ugh… I'm fine." I groaned, getting back to my feet. "I only just got this power, so I'm not
used to it yet. I'll get there."
"Good, good. Now, time to finally go get Robi—"
The sound of a hundred or so flintlocks cocking rang out from the firing line the Marines had
set up, four deep and stretching between each side of the bridge. More Marines could be seen
aiming rifles at us from the crows nests and yardarms of the remaining battleship, others
setting up mortars on deck, and still others fingering their melee weapons behind the firing
lines. Rounding out the gathered force was a Marine in a Lieutenant's uniform, slow-clapping
with a lupine grin on his face.
"Congratulations." the man stated smugly. "You beat Captains Sharinguru, Gorilla, and
Spencer, as well as Vice-Admiral Caulder. I'll admit, impressive. Most impressive. That still

leaves, oh, about two thousand of us." He paused, and then neatly sidestepped a whistling
projectile. "And while that sniper of yours is just as impressive, I have my doubts that he can
stop a mass charge."
I gave the officer a deadpan look. "I just took down your Vice-Admiral, as you said. You
think I can't stop a mass charge?"
He hesitated for a moment, then smiled. "Perhaps you could… if you weren't already
exhausted from the same fight."
"Perceptive bastitch…" I grumbled.
"WAHAHAHA!" Spandam cackled madly. "Yes, yes! Crush them, crush them like the scum
they are! Drive them into the—! Eh? Wait a second… WHY THE HELL CAN YOU ALL
MOVE WHILE I'M STILL PARALYZED FROM THE NECK DOWN?!"
"The grace of God?" Su muttered, glancing upwards.
"This is going to suck, isn't it?" Conis groaned as she reluctantly underslung her bazooka.
"Oh, big time." Vivi confirmed morosely as she crossed her Lion Cutters.
"I mean, it could be worse." Reiju noted, taking a stance.
"How so?"
I raised one hand, while preparing Zangetsu in the other. "You mightn't have had me here, in
any capacity."
The other two girls shared a glance. "Fair enough." they agreed.
The Marines chose that moment to begin flooding off the battleship and cascading towards
us, and we charged into the brawl with gusto.

Chapter 47: The Enies Lobby Invasion, Part IV
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Gods help me, I really wish that Lieutenant hadn't been so on the ball, cause I'm fairly certain
most of these Marines would've been a lot more hesitant to throw themselves at us after
witnessing me run the ones with a Vice-Admiral, and win.
Sadly, we had two-thousand or so soldiers to get through to save Robin. They were mooktier, sure, but sometimes quantity had a quality of its own. Didn't stop us tear-assing through
them whole groups at a time. We still ended up taking some cuts here and there, and I even
took a few bullets in me from some lucky shots.
Out of the corner of my eye, I took notice of Carue, who was Shaving back toward us, away
from Funkfreed. I wondered what he was up to, until he spun on his talon to do a full 180,
and launched back the other way with a furious squawk. Then he repeated with his other leg,
faster this time. He continued to push each Shave to be faster and more powerful than the
last.
Then suddenly, and without warning, a giant duck broke the fucking sound barrier.
The air around him snapped, the pressure wave and noise flinging almost sixty Marines off
their feet. A quick exchange of shocked looks with my crewmates, and then we took
advantage of the gap to charge further down the bridge after Carue. Speaking of whom…
"SUPAHSONIC… KICK!"
*SKRANG*
He basically just appeared, rocketing toward Funkfreed's forehead. The elephant had clearly
hardened his forehead into steel, but the duck's talons planted themselves dead-center
anyway.
Then Carue fell on his ass while Funkfreed remained standing.
A moment of silence, then Spandam broke out into a mad cackle. "WAHAHAHAAAAHA!
Well done, Funkfreed, well done! You see that, you stupid pirates?! You bastards never had a
chance of beating… an…"
Spandam trailed off in horror as his sword began to keel over with agonizing slowness, his
white, insensate eyes and talon-shaped dents in his head now more obvious. He didn't even
fall halfway before he suddenly disappeared, his badly-dented sword form clattering to the
ground in his place.
Carue pushed himself to his legs, shaking but still standing. He pinned Spandam with a

determined glare, making him flinch. "You'we next" Caure declared venomously. He took a
step forward… and then promptly collapsed beak-first with a cry of pain. "WAGH!"
"CARUE!" Vivi screamed.
"W-What the—?!" Carue squawked painfully. He tried to push himself up with his wings, but
collapsed again when the leg he tried to support himself with gave out with a sickening crack.
The duck stared over his shoulder in equal parts agony and naked horror. "OW! My wegs! DDamn it, m-my wegs just bwoke!"
"Damn it…" Conis cursed under her breath, taking in the Marines who were starting to get
their nerve back. "Hang on, Carue, we'll be right there!" She made to heft her Burn Bazooka,
only to drop it with a cry of pain when her arm suddenly fell slack mid-motion. "GAH!"
"Conis! What's—?!" Su took one look at her friend's arm before stiffening fearfully. "Your
shoulder just jumped its socket!"
"Grrghh…" Conis ground out, clutching her shoulder. "Heartwarming gift or not, I'm starting
to think that this damned Reject Dial was more trouble than it was worth…"
Spandam was quick to recover his ego and donned a malicious grin as he threw his head
back. "Oh, now this is just perfect! WAHAHAHA—Eh?" He blinked in surprise as he
realized something. "Huh… looks like I can move again." He sneered and cast his arm out.
"KILL THEM ALL!"
"No! Leave them alo—ah!" Vivi's command was choked off as she collapsed to the ground,
like her strings had been cut.
"Vivi!" Carue squawked fearfully.
"Ah, w-what—?!" Vivi squirmed fruitlessly as she tried to force something, anything at all to
move. "M-My body! It won't move, I-I-I can't do anything!"
I decided to make use of a small bit of my slowly-recovering reishi, and pointed directly at
Spandam. I didn't care where it hit him, if he dies, he dies. "Hado #4: Byaku—!" I cut
myself off as my instincts went ballistic, and I just barely moved before a portable cannon
shot hit me directly.
*KA-BOOM*
"FUCK!"
The blast still slammed me into a wall, throwing me for a loop.
"Evan! AGGH!" Reiju called out in concern, before a sniper with a custom-looking rifle
managed to, somehow, put a round through her leg, sending her to the floor.
"Soldiers!" Spandam barked through his sadistic grin as he raised an arm. "On my mark, kill

the Straw Hat Pirates!"
"NO!" Robin pleaded, struggling desperately against the soldiers restraining her.
Spandam turned to his captive and gave her a grin of pure evil. "Nico Robin," he drawled
venomously. "Allow me to officially welcome you to Hell."
As he prepared to give the order, I… grinned. "Heh… ya wanna bet?"
"THE ONLY PERSON GOING TO HELL TODAY IS YOU, FUCKFACE!" roared a furious
voice.
"What the—?!"
*CRUNCH*
"—GWARGH!"
With that, a pair of metal boots collided with Spandam's face at high-velocity, everyone
staring on in shock as the Director of CP9 was sent stumbling ass over teakettle, glaring
between his legs at the person who just landed on the bridge.
Jeremiah Cross snorted proudly as he readjusted the brim of his cap. "Dynamic. Entry." he
enunciated clearly.
He wasn't the only one I'd sensed coming either.
"BARRACUDA BARRAGE!" / "WEAPONS LEFT!" / "CHERRY BLOSSOM
BLAST!"
Boss, Franky and Chopper all arrived to clear out the rest of the soldiery that were menacing
us.
"Weeeell, look at this!" Boss proclaimed with a face-splitting grin, spinning his rope-dart by
his side. "Looks like we got here just in the nick of time! What does that make us?"
"Big Damn Heroes, Boss." Franky laughed, slamming his fists together.
"Ain't we just?" Soundbite and Cross spoke in unison. The snail then turned his eyestalks to
glare murderously at Spandam. "Cut her loose."
"'Ou… 'Ou bastards." Spandam slurred through his compacted face as he struggled to get up
to a sitting position. "Do 'ou even 'ow what yer doin'?! Dat woban id a debon!"
"Yeeeaaah…" Soundbite drawled as he nodded his head side to side before glancing at Robin
and grinning. "But she's our demon." He then snapped his teeth at Spandam. "SO CUT
HER THE HELL LOOSE."

Cross grinned before shaking his head. "Nah, nah, he doesn't need to bother. I got this." With
that, he walked up to Robin and grabbed her cuffs.
"C-Cross—!" she started shakily.
"Shhh." Cross hushed her, looking her restraints over. "You can say what you want once
you're free. For now? This is about to get impressive. Evan?"
I Shunpo'd to their side, recovered enough from the earlier explosion. "Already on it." I
withdrew the Skeleton Key from my pocket, slotted it into the cuffs and turned, clicking the
lock open.
Robin stared in shock as the restraints clanked to the ground. "Ah…" she whispered numbly
as she held her wrists up and flexed her fingers.
"Wha—?! B-Bud how?!"
"And to put some emphasis on the situation… watch this." Cross picked up the restraints,
clicked them shut, then shot a hand into the air, five fingers spread and palm facing the Tower
of Justice.
Within about half a minute, our nakama back in the tower worked together to get Key #5 to
Usopp, who shot it toward Cross' hand. The loudmouth snapped his fist shut around it the
second it made impact, then put the key into the cuffs and opened them again. "Ta-da~"
"W-W-Wha—?! Z-Zad's nod bozzible! Y-You baztards muzt hab—!"
*BOOM*
"—HADEPARABOGYAPUU!!"
Cross gave Usopp a thumbs-up while spinning the cuffs round his other hand's finger.
"And that… is how we roll." He tossed the cuffs up and held his bag open, allowing the
Seastone to drop in with a clank. "And don't you ever forget it!"
Robin jerked, snapping out of her reverie before shifting uncomfortably, glancing away as
she rubbed her arm. "Cross… about Water 7, what I did—!"
"Before you say anything," Cross interrupted, digging a bundle out of his bag and plopping it
on her head. "Here."
Robin reached up to feel what he'd just placed there, snapping her gaze up in shock as she
grasped her cowboy hat. "T-This is—!"
"You forgot it before this mess started." he explained with a casual smile. "Don't lose it again,
alright?"
A swirl of emotions swept over Robin's face, tears welling up in her eyes. "Cross—"

"Hey," The Commie interrupted her, grasping her shoulders. "No tears right now, alright?
There'll be plenty of time to get weepy and sappy and whatever the hell else we can
blackmail you with later. But right now, what we need is for you to be the cold as steel, tough
as nails badass bitch we've all grown to know, hate, and love in equal measure. You think you
can do that?"
She stared a moment longer before bowing her head with a wry chuckle. "...You are a real
piece of work, Jeremiah Cross."
"That's not news to anybody, I guarantee it!" I snarked.
"Naturally." Robin smiled, standing up and holding her hat in place. "But to answer your
question, I do believe I can manage that."
Cross nodded proudly and patted her shoulder. "That's what I'd hoped you'd say. But for now,
if you'll excuse me…" He slammed fist to palm with a sadistically eager grin as he turned to
address the source of some pained groans. "I am about to seamlessly mix business and
pleasure, so that your own experience might be all the more enjoyable. You mind?"
"Oh, no, please, I absolutely insist."
I stood back and watched as my nakama approached the human-shaped cockroach for some
terrorization, hanging back due to not trusting myself to resist giving in to my instincts
and taking his head off the instant I get close enough.
As I listened, I received proof that Cross was… far far crueler than I ever could be, in spite of
what Spandam had done. The shit he threatened the Cipher Pol Chief with wouldn't be out of
place from an executive of Impel Down. Hell, considering they may be listening to the SBS,
they're probably taking notes.
In the end, however, he didn't act on those threats, nor did he hand him to Chopper's Sparked
Personality. He did worse. He handed him to Franky and Robin, the two people he'd wronged
the most.
At first, the unmitigated beatdown that was unleashed was cathartic as fuck, but after a while
the two of them just… weren't stopping. Anytime soon, either.
"(Damn, Bossman…)" My Hollow commented. "(Would there even be enough of his soul
left for me to eat after this?)"
'That… is an excellent question.' I thought, feeling awkward at continuing to observe the
carnage. '...did you want to do that, though?'
"(Psh, no way! I don't want that filth anywhere near me, and neither do you!)"
'Fair.'

Soon, Cross, Soundbite and I decided to leave them to it, and dashed over to the rest of our
friends.
"Lordy lordy." Boss whistled in awe, watching the morbid spectacle while using a
Lieutenant's head as a punching bag. "I didn't know human limbs could bend that way and
stay attached!"
"Resilient little fucker, isn't he?" Su concurred.
"The nastiest cockroaches always are." Cross commented drolly as we passed them, arriving
to where Chopper tended to the rest of the vanguard. "Ladies, duck… you look like
hammered shit."
"I'd teww you to fawk off, but I feew wike it too…" Carue groaned, massaging his newly
bandaged legs.
"I'm not surprised, considering you broke every single bone in your legs in three places each,
WITH MICROFRACTURES COATING THE REST!" Chopper snapped as he rammed a
syringe into the duck's wing, ignoring the resultant pained squawk. "Also, this is temporary
until I can get them in proper casts, even with my Cure Potion, so for Asclepius' sake, don't
use them unless someone's about to die!"
"Almost worth it," I commented. "Considering I saw Carue prove his badassery is growing by
breaking the sound barrier with Shave."
"Dude, for real?" Cross blinked in surprise. "Awesome."
"Oh, hey you guys." Chopper waved a hoof absently.
"Prognosis, Doc?"
"You've heard about Carue's injuries, but the girls are in better shape. "Conis just has a
dislocated shoulder and some bruises, Reiju took an odd bullet in the leg, which I dealt with,
and aside from exhaustion, which I fixed with a supplement, Vivi just has a flesh wound.
Cure Potion was a bit late, so I'm afraid that will scar, by the way." Vivi nodded with a groan.
"I still haven't looked over Evan, though."
I waved him off. "I'll be fine, passive regen from my Hollow Powers is patching me up just
fine, you can look me over when we're outta here. Though I'll take a supplement to restore
my energy, if you have it." The reindeer Doctor idly pulled out a pill from his bag and tossed
it to me, and I consumed it with a "NOM."
"Anyway…" Chopper turned his attention to our gunner as he shifted to Heavy Point. "Conis,
just hold your arm in place and I can get you a sling in—"
"The bone isn't actually broken, right?" Conis asked for confirmation, reaching behind her
back. "The joint is still intact, just dislocated?"

"Ah…" Chopper blinked in confusion. "Yeah, the bone looks to be fine, why do you a—?"
*CR-CRACK* "GRGH!"
I stared at the angel with wide eyes. "Aaaand she resets her own shoulder with her rifle as a
lever. Sweet as she is, I sometimes forget how tough-as-nails she can be."
"Sorry, Chopper." Conis apologized with a sheepish grin, winding gauze around her shoulder.
"But Captain McKinley would have my beret if I let something like a loose shoulder stop me
for more than a minute, and I will not disrespect the Corps."
Chopper, however, did not seem too happy with that reasoning. "...If I see one more instance
of back-alley quackery performed before me today, I swear to EVERY LAST DIVINITY
IN EXISTENCE—!"
"ELEPHANT!" I yelled at the top of my lungs, making everyone jump, then fix me with
looks.
"...fucking what?" Soundbite questioned incredulously.
"Just restoring normality." I explained casually. "Anyway, sudden thought." I pointed a finger
at our gunner. "Conis, to mitigate any future dislocations, is it possible to modify your
Bazooka so that when you use the Reject Dial, you have one or two spare Impact Dials facing
the opposite way to absorb the recoil?"
Conis' eyes lit up at the implication, and she looked down, thinking hard on the idea. Then
she looked back up with a smirk. "Between me and Usopp, I think we can figure it out.
Thanks for that!"
"'S'what I do." I turned back to the reindeer man. "And Chopper, isn't it a bit ironic for you to
complain about 'back-alley quackery', considering that, for all his good intentions, Doc
Hiriluk was essentially the King of Back-Alley Quackery?"
Chopper twitched a bit, then fixed me with a glower. "Don't push your luck, Seidler…"
"So, Vivi!" Cross helped hastily, hoping to change the subject. "How are you feeling? The
heck happened to you anyway?"
"Ah…" Vivi started, before wincing and rubbing her throat. "Ah, bit dry. Do you have
anything to—?"
"Uh…" Cross went to pat himself down, then snapped his fingers at an idea. "Oh, I know!"
He turned back to the onslaught. "Hey, Franky! You got anything to drink, or—?!"
*THWACK*
"YEOW!" Cross yelped, clutching his skull where a metal flask had bounced off, and landed
in Vivi's lap. "Owww… thanks anyway!"

"MY RIBS ARE IN MY EYES! THEY'RE IN MY EYES!"
"You don't deserve eyes! Or ribs!" I heckled back.
Vivi took a swig from the flask, coughing a bit to clear her airways. "Much better. Cola works
wonders on sore throats."
"Oh, that's cola?" Cross perked up eagerly, holding out a hand. "Pass it here, I'm parched!"
Vivi absentmindedly conceded, then gave us a quizzical look. "Ah, guys… are you at all
familiar with a technique that lets someone overpower everyone around them using nothing
but their own willpower?"
I nodded, cocking an eyebrow.
"Er… yeees?" Cross confirmed. "What I'm wondering is how the hell you know about it.
That's not exactly public knowledge there, Princess. Or, well…" He shrugged with a grin. "It
wasn't until you just made it public knowledge anyway!"
"Oops, candid snail." I chuckled.
"Well, you see…" Vivi said hesitantly. Scratching the back of her head. "The reason I know
about it and the reason I'm asking is… I apparently have it."
*PFFFFT*
Cross promptly spent the cola he was drinking in a sip-take, coughing and wheezing from the
drink going down the wrong pipe. "S-SCRAMBLE! SCRAMBLE!" he yelped, desperately
slapping at Soundbite's shell.
"Ow, OW! WATCH IT, no need to insist! YOU'RE IN THE CLEAR!"
"There is very much need to—!"
*THWACK*
"OW!" Cross yelped as a metal fist bounced off his skull.
"STOP WASTING MY DAMN COLA, JACKASS!"
"FOCUS ON THE SCUMBUCKET, PERVERT!" Cross roared back, the cyborg already going
back to work.
"Oh shit, that's right…" I realized, remembering the earlier anomaly. "Maaaybe I should've
let Caulder finish talking before reengaging him."
"Who?" Cross wondered. "You mean that guy you were fighting?"

"Yeah, Vice-Admiral Caulder. He seemed to have an idea about what Vivi did, but I didn't let
him finish."
Cross stared at me in shock. "Are you telling me… you fought a Vice-Admiral headon… and won?!"
I raised a finger. "First of all, I did use my Visored Mask, which I've managed to get control
of, yeah. Second of all… to be fair, he was holding back because he was sympathetic, so…"
Cross nodded. "Right. Still damn impressive, though." Cross shook his head. "Wait, no, back
up! What Vivi did was different?"
"I… Robin must have provoked Spandam somehow, because he was holding a gun to her
head and threatening to blow her brains out." Vivi began. "I was thinking about how I
shouldn't be powerless to help my friends, powerless to do anything but watch them die…
and something just… snapped in my mind. I heard myself yell for everything to stop, and…
it just happened. Su said something about it having to do with ruler's instinct."
"That sounds like a good name for it, cause it wasn't Conqueror's Haki." I spoke up.
"Conquerors, which is a one in one million rarity, is where one being can enforce their will to
bring people to their knees, or in the case of the weaker-willed, knock them unconscious.
What you did was speak a command, causing all who heard it to obey that you wanted to."
"Huh. That is different." Cross noted, as Vivi goggled at the rarity number I provided. "I
suppose that since you don't know about it, that it wasn't something Oda came up with while
I was away?"
I shrugged. "If he did, it's in my missing memories. But I don't think so, this might just be
something that popped up by chance."
Cross gave a weary groan. "Right. For now, however, we'll have the world knowing you're
apparently one of the chosen few who always manage to achieve greatness, while you
yourself are in possession of an absolutely alien ability that even we know nothing about.
This day just keeps getting better, doesn't it?"
"Yes. Yes. It. Does."
We turned to see Franky and Robin approach with the most satisfied expressions I'd seen on
them to date. My eyes widened as I glanced at the twitching pile of meat that I could sense
was only just not a corpse. "Holy Toledo… somebody had fun, huh?
"More than you can possibly imagine." Robin sighed euphorically, stretching her arms above
her head. "I do believe I've just had more fun in the past ten minutes than I have in the past
two decades."
"Haha!" Franky cackled, arms behind his head. "Not quite so long for me, my family's been
good to me over the years, but damn if that wasn't enjoyable! Oh, man, meeting you guys has

been one of the best things to happen to me in years!"
"That is what we tend to go for." Reiju commented, following with a smirk. "Unless you're an
enemy, that is…"
One of Franky's eyes twitched behind his shades. "Eehhh… damn glad we didn't treat you
like my fam does most pirates, then. Really glad…"
"Well," Cross began. "Now that that's all wrapped up, all that's left is to rendezvous with
everyone else and—!"
"*Puru Puru Puru Puru* You planned that." Soundbite accused testily.
"I'd hoped that it would work. Nothing wrong with that!"
Soundbite rolled his eyes before answering the call. "*KA-LICK* Cross? Usopp here. Nami,
Sanji, Zoro and I all won our— OW! Hey, those Marines count, do you know how many
headshots and snipers I just took down?! Like I said, we all won our fights, and we've filched
as many valuables as we can carry from the tower. We're on the rear dock right now!"
"Perfect!" Cross fist-pumped victoriously. "Alright, you guys hand tight, we'll get to
commandeering the ship Spandam planned to use, because no way in hell can we sail a
battleship on our own, then come and pick you guys up! Then we'll wait for Luffy to finish
mopping the floor with Lucci, grab him and our guys back at the train station, and then we're
clear! Honestly, barring any major situations, we just might manage to get out of this whole
mess scot-free!"
I slowly turned my head to look at Cross with the sound of sliding stone. Then, I promptly
raised my hand, and delivered a Gibbs Slap to the loudmouth with gusto.
"OOWW! The hell?!"
"You. Dumb. Fuck." I retorted. "Why, WHY would you say that?"
Cross appeared to be about to explain himself, only to blanch in realization of his taunt to
Murphy.
"Ah, Cross?" Vivi whimpered fearfully, looking in the direction behind him. "I…
think that counts as a major situation."
We both followed her gaze, and were rewarded with the sight of hell itself.
"Ohhh, crapbaskets…" We muttered fearfully in unison.
An appropriate reaction, I think, when witnessing the Gates of Justice slowly beginning to
open…with the light of an infernal dawn shining through from the other side.
"So… I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that this is bad?" Usopp gulped, the sound of

knocking knees audible over the call.
"No shit." Zoro and Sanji bit out simultaneously.
"We took too long." Nami concluded grimly. "The Buster Call is here."
"Bit more than a Buster Call, kiddos." Kokoro noted. "Check it out."
As if on cue, a cascade of golden light burst forth from the crack in the doors, making us
shield our eyes. At the same time, my Reikaku picked up a very potent signature on the other
side.
"What the heck?" Nami yelped.
"Ohhh SHIT!" Cross roared in terror.
"What is that, Granny?" Chimney asked with awe.
"Engrave this moment into your minds, kids." Kokoro chuckled melancholically. "Fleet
Admiral Sengoku has come down to greet you himself. This here's a once-in-a-lifetime
moment. Or, well… the last moment of our lives, more like. Either or."
"We're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna diiiie…" Usopp whimpered.
"For once, Usopp? I'm inclined to agree with you." Sanji muttered tensely. "The 'Saint of
Justice' Sengoku himself… shit has just escalated."
"WAY MORE THAN WE CAN HANDLE!" Cross bellowed. "SOUNDBITE, HOW MANY
SHIPS DID HE BRING?!"
"Ah… I'LL BE HONEST…" The baby snail began sweating bullets. "I DON'T HAVE A
CLUE. The armada goes beyond MY RANGE AT ABOUT THIRTY SHIPS OR SO."
I blew out a nervous breath. "Whoo… we really pissed him off. That many ships, carrying
combatants from Navy HQ? We're in some serious shit. Even with Luffy, we'd be hard
pressed to eke out so much as a pyrrhic victory."
"Not even then." Soundbite groaned miserably. "UNLESS I MISS my guess? GARP THE
HERO has also COME OUT TO PLAY."
'(...Oh, HELL no.)' My Hollow spoke up. Oof, you know it's bad when even he doesn't want
the smoke.
"...Okay, that's just cheating." Kokoro responded tensely.
"...Right, it's official." Cross concluded in a strained tone of forced calm. "Matters have just
left pear-shaped and have escalated to the eldritch topographies of a taco warping through a
tesseract."

"Cross! Snap out of it!" Nami barked. "You're our tactician, you're the one who handles our
plans! Get your head back in the game and tell us what we need to do! That's an order!"
Cross jumped in shock before nodding slowly. "T-The Gate! We need to get to the controls
for the Gates of Justice and lock them shut! T-The gatehouse is on our side, if we can shut the
Gates and destroy the controls, the armada'll be trapped in the Tub Current, and by the time
they go around, we'll be long gone! The controls are somewhere in the—!"
*KRA-BOOM*
"Fuck!" Reiju cursed, holding her ears. "What the hell was even— oh no…"
A good section of the Bridge of Hesitation was crumbling, and the obvious culprit was the
smoking barrels of one of the gun emplacements of the remaining battleship.
"Seems the Marines' gun crews stayed onboard…" Kokoro nervously observed.
"...Third Pillar." Cross finished weakly. "The controls are on the Third Pillar… and they just
trapped us on the Second and First. We… can't close the Gates… can't stop him from coming
through…"
"...we just lost." Su summarized quietly.
…you know, it is phenomenal how often everyone seems to forget I can semi-fly, especially
after I just had a major battle in the air. As I cracked my neck and prepared to prove everyone
wrong, I was interrupted.
"Oh, the hell we did." Nami hissed determinedly. "Soundbite, where in the Third Pillar are
the controls?"
"The hell are you—?"
"Now!"
"GAH! W-WEST SIDE, TOP FLOOR!"
"Got it." The next sound over the call was that of Nami's Jet Waver unfolding and revving
up. "I'll get over there and flip that switch in a minute flat!"
"EEEHHH?!" The rest of the crew exclaimed in shock.
"You do realize that this is a suicide mission, right?!" Kokoro scoffed incredulously. "Those
whirlpools are ship-killers under normal circumstances, but the Gates opening up is only
making them worse!"
I hesitated for a moment, then asked a single question. "Nami… are you certain?"

"Very." she replied firmly.
I nodded, and stayed where I was, though ready to step in at a moment's notice.
"N-Nami-swan, you can't go out there!" Sanji denied fearfully.
Our navigator just snorted. "Watch me."
And so we did, everyone watching as she blasted off from the rear dock into the raging
waters. I had faith in her abilities, of course I did, but I was still worried for her, as these were
the most treacherous waters I'd seen in a while. Slowly but surely, however, it became
obvious that it was my worry that was misplaced, not my faith. She glided across the waves
with masterful ease, the mad waters almost parting to allow her passage. It was the most
beautiful thing I'd seen, and I found myself nearly in a trance as I watched Nami get closer
and closer to her objective.
Then she took up her Clima-Tact, and swung it out once she was mere feet from the pillar, a
mass of Eisen Cloud flying out to form into a ramp. She then gunned the throttle up the ramp,
tossed the staff in a Cyclone Tempo to launch her off the wall, caught it again, then made an
iron cloud arm to reel her into the window waver-first.
Within a minute, with a brief battle beginning and ending within the pillar, Nami hit the
controls and reversed the Gates of Justice, sending them back to closed with a bonerattling *CLUNK*.
"DAMN IT!" bellowed an impossibly loud voice from the other side, making us all jump.
After blasting a new hole in the wall, Nami made another cloud ramp, and shot out of it
toward our part of the Bridge, skidding to a halt before our stunned faces.
Nami propped her fist on her hip, adopting a smug smirk. "So," she purred. "How'd I do?"
As Cross and Soundbite's jaws all but cracked the Bridge, and the Commie began
stammering in disbelief, I couldn't be bothered to pay attention. I instead strode forward with
a purpose, grabbing my surprised girlfriend up, and laying a Big Damn Kiss on her right then
and there. A second of surprise, and she returned it eagerly.
Eventually, we parted lips again. "Gods above, I love you…" I panted breathlessly.
She giggled happily. "So I see."
"Abuh… that… and then…" Cross continued stammering, before finally yelling out.
"COULD SOMEBODY HIT ME, PLEASE?!"
*THWACK*
"Thank you!" Cross nodded gratefully to Vivi, rubbing the impact zone before refocusing on
Nami. "And you! What the shit was that?!"

Nami chuckled and shrugged casually, looking even calmer than the aftermath of
our… Nevermind. "See, Kalifa tried using her powers directly on my brain to wash my mind
away," I tensed up hard hearing that. "But instead, she just ended up washing away a
lifetime's worth of stress. And I guess it just made me a lot less hesitant about doing things,
y'know?"
"That's good to hear." Reiju spoke up. "Because honestly, that was one of the hottest things
I've ever seen you do."
Nami just gave the pinkette a grin. "Oh, ReiRei, you ain't seen nothing yet, trust me."
"Though to be fair," I added. "As truly awesome as that was, you didn't expressly need to do
that. Everyone seems to keep forgetting: I can fly."
"...oooohhhh, yeah, we do do that." several of the crew muttered in realization.
"Huh…" Nami said blankly. Then she shrugged. "Oh well, it was still cool."
Damn, Kalifa really did help. Before this, Nami would've been bemoaning how
she didn't have to pull such a risky stunt, and call herself an idiot for it.
Cross goggled for a moment longer, then blinked. "Uh… does that mean you don't feel like
hitting me?"
Nami gave him a scrutinizing look, then shrugged. "Eh, for the moment, anyway. But for
now!" She grinned eagerly and gave a thumbs-up. "Now that the Gates are closed and the
Marines can't get us, how do we…?" She trailed off, noticing several shocked expressions.
"...what?"
"Yeeeaaah, see… that's the thing." Soundbite hedged uncomfortably, gesturing with his
eyestalk at the multiple ships on our side of the Gates. "Some got through first."
"The vanguard, to be specific." Boss chuffed, exhaling a menacing smoke cloud. "That
Sengoku fella must really want our heads, 'cause those ships slipped through as soon as there
was enough space, and another got its prow crushed trying to get through when you closed
it."
"Just how many are there?" Franky questioned softly, thumbing his shades over his brow.
"Ten in all, carrying ten thousand, four hundred and twenty soldiers in total." Soundbite
provided grimly. "In command: Vice-Admirals Strawberry, Yamakaji, Doberman, Onigumo
—"
"And Momonga." Cross finished under his breath, "The usual suspects… tch… I suggest you
all get ready, looks like we're facing down the Buster Call after all." His scowl deepened, and
he looked up at the Gates. "At least, until the ones on the other side manage to force the
Gates open…"

"W-What?!" Nami stammered in shock. "Cross, are you insane?! Those things are who
knows how many kilometers tall, and wide! Even with Sengoku with them—!"
*SKRANG*
We all jumped nearly out of our skins at a sound like an off-kilter gong vibrating through the
air. Finding the source made us all freeze up as one, understandable when said source was
a mountain-sized fist-imprint in the WG Flag-emblazoned metal horizon.
"...Right, what was I thinking?" Nami chuckled hysterically. "This is the Fleet Admiral of the
Navy we're talking about."
"Ahahah… it's cute that you think Sengoku did that." I commented nervously.
"...eh?"
"See, Sengoku is known for his palm-strike attacks. That is clearly the imprint of a fist,
meaning that dear old Garp the Hero, a.k.a. Garp 'The Fist', is the culprit."
*SKRAAAAANG!*
This time, not only did we reel from the vibration striking us with a slap of air, but we didn't
even need to try looking for the source. I mean, you'd have to be blind to miss the islandsized palm-imprint slightly buckling one of the Gates inwards.
"...I rest my case." I finished.
Cross silently observed the Gates a second longer, then cracked his neck to the sides. "Well!"
he snorted. "At least they're going out of their way to keep things interesting!"
We all leveled incredulous looks at the crazy loudmouth before heaving weary sighs of
defeat.

Chapter End Notes

A/N: Sorry for taking so long. My newly-founded PC Gaming addiction is only half to
blame for it. The other half was a bit of a depressive spiral. Normally, gaming helps with
things like that, but you know it's bad when you look at your fun new games and not
bother to play, because it somehow feels pointless.
Meh, I'll be fine. That being said, if any of you knows how to deal with modifying GTA
IV: The Complete Edition (not only for mods to enjoy the game, but also mods to
stabilize it, b/c Cockstar loves to fail at life) LET ME KNOW. I'd like to get some
guidance, maybe over a discord call or something.

Okay, be good! OR NOT...

Chapter 48: The Escape
A/N: SURPRIIISE!! DOUBLE-TAP ROOT BEER!!

*TING / KER-BOOM!*
I deflected another shot from a cannon, sending it towards the Navy's horde of Marines,
blowing a large group straight to hell.
After witnessing the horrific sight of the Buster Call sending the top half of the Tower of
Justice on an express ticket to the abyss, Cross outlined our plan. Short, sweet, and
uncomplicated. The Tower side team would make their way here to assist with our main
objective: hold off the Whitehats until Luffy finished his fight with Lucci, upon which we
would all de-ass the area with the quickness. Our remaining allies would get the hell out of
dodge, via jacking the Puffing Tom, probably.
All in all, we were doing a pretty good job of it so far.
"Hey, Soundbite? Remind me why you're not acting like the 'God of Noise' you apparently
are and blowing out all these bastards' eardrums?!" Nami demanded, slamming a wave of
Iron Cloud into a group of Marines.
"You actually think that these shitstains ARE THE CREAM OF THE CROP? Fat
chance OF THAT!" Soundbite scoffed a few meters away. "THESE ARE THEIR
CHUM. THE SECOND STRINGERS, MEANWHILE, are waiting in the wings for the
order to knock OUR BLOCKS OFF. I'll blow my best ONCE THEY BLOW THEIRS!"
The snail had a point. I was conserving my slowly recovering energy to use against the bigger
threats as well. Hell, I'd have sealed Zangetsu to conserve more if these pricks would give me
the time to do so.
Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed Nami suddenly freeze up for a moment, before yelling
out, "SNIPER, GET DOWN!", snapping out as vast a mirage as she could before throwing
herself to the ground.
I snapped my gaze in the direction she was looking, just about catching a glint of light from
one of the more distant battleships. I tensed as I felt a powerful presence on that same
battleship. Suddenly, that presence moved, feeling it for an instant right on top of us… before
vanishing in a completely different direction for some reason, another glint of light reflecting
off Nami's mirage at the same time.

'...the fuck?' My brow furrowed, wondering what that could've been about. That presence that
was strong, but not nearly as bad as Sengoku… those glints of light…
I blanched as I came to the correct conclusion. Nami just saved all our asses from Admiral
'Kizaru' Borsalino.
…yeah, better not say anything, I'm sure that it wouldn't help to make her or anyone else
freak out. Things were going fairly well as it is. Between Nami's AOE attacks, Robin littering
the battlefield with arms, and Franky and/or Boss bull-rushing every big group that tried to
form up, the Marines had no cohesion whatsoever. They were effectively a mob, and not even
substantially big enough to overwhelm us.

ping!
You have earned an Item Roll!

The Gacha System is being generous today, I see. Well, I suppose this is a high-stakes, highoctane event going on. I was tempted to just toss without looking like earlier… but to hell
with it. This might be my last chance to get something to definitively save Merry.
"Bakudō #50: Goshōen (Circle of Protective Warding)!" I cried out, stabbing Zangetsu
into the stonework. Lines of energy raced out in a five-foot radius to form a dome-shaped
barrier of shimmering energy. It was smaller and weaker than normal without the incantation,
and wouldn't stop a determined attack from a high-level Marine, but it would suffice to keep
these mooks at bay for long enough. I gave the new list a look.

1. UNSC C712 Longsword (Halo)
2. Mjolnir Armour; Mk V-VII (Halo)
3. Water-Dragon Sword (Akame ga Kill)
4. Dead King's Scepter (DC)
5. Dragon Balls [Shenron] (Dragon Ball)
6. Shimmer (Arcane)
7. Sentinel Battery (DOOM)
8. ADAM (BioShock)
9. Mipha's Grace (Legend of Zelda)
10. Anduril (Lord of the Rings)
11. Portal Gun (Portal)
12. Personal Lantern Battery (DC)
13. Ring of Khajiit (Elder Scrolls)
14. Durindana (Nasuverse)
15. Monado (Xenoblade Chronicles)
16. The Mother Crystal (Final Fantasy XIV)

17. Ghost (Star Wars)
18. Zanpakuto; Senbonzakura (Bleach)
19. Relic of Creation (RWBY)
20. Ulysses (Atlantis)

Now we're talking! While I may not know much of Xenoblade 1, I did know that the Monado
had low-tier reality warping dependent on the wielder's willpower. Speaking of which, the
Personal Lantern Battery. With a fully-charged Green Power Ring, I could certainly
find some solution to keep Merry intact. The Relic of Creation was… a bit iffy, but I'm sure
we could think of something to utilize it. Then there's the Dragon Balls. Nuff said. The only
real question is which version were they? The original, with only one wish; Dende's first
upgrade, with two wishes; or his second upgrade, with three?
I could wish for Merry to be fully repaired, then maybe… wish for all the slaves in the world
to be moved to somewhere safe and secure. Baltigo, maybe? Eh, not sure if the Revos had the
necessary humanitarian aid capabilities for that. Maybe clear it with Dragon first, somehow.
Senbonzakura could make a decent consolation prize if I missed the previous ones, it was just
a matter of who should get him.
But that's enough speculation, let's see if my luck holds out! I rolled the four D20s at my feet
and watched them roll to a stop. My results?
Three.
Ten.
Thirteen.
Twenty.
…
… welp! You know what they say; the RNG giveth, the RNG refuseth to give the good
stuff, no matter how much opportunity there is!!
I'm so fucking done right now. I'm just gonna take the Ulysses, because I'm a filthy 'Atlantis
the Lost Empire' fanboy. I'll just keep it at Water 7 and portal back when I wanna use it or
whatever…
The Ulysses has been docked at a secure location at Water 7!
Exactly.
I dropped the barrier, and re-engaged the nearest Marines, ready to work out any frustrations.

As I did, It appeared nothing much had seemed to change yet, I wonder how far along we—
*BOOM*
A ripple of shock ran across the bridge alongside an actual tremor, caused by the familiar
gigantic fist punching its way out of the First Pillar. It snapped back into the tower as the
smoke of an impact appeared on a nearby battleship. A blur then sprang from the hole in the
wall, lapping towards the battleship and began pummeling the vessel into splinters.
Cross and Soundbite gleefully took the opportunity to listen in on and broadcast Onigumo
and his Absolute Justice bullshit. The man (for lack of a better term) ordered his own ship to
fire upon the vessel Luffy and Lucci were warring on, committing 1001 Marine lives to their
deaths, including one subordinate who raised concerns. Cross even got the man to out his
'rationalizations' for slaughtering those men, and caused many of the soldiers against us to
begin doubting hard. Sadly, Sengoku ordered his mouth shut before Onigumo could offer his
opinions on the expendability of civilian lives.
Just when it seemed like the soldiers might decide to fuck off, Akainu went and called in to
the SBS to threaten them with instant immolation to keep them fighting. Swear to God, I'm
gonna make my nightmares come true and kill the sumbitch at the first opportunity…
As we continued to fight off the onslaught of Marines, reluctant or otherwise, I ended up
hearing a loud *SPASH*.
"Eh? The hell?" Cross blinked in confusion. "What the heck was—?"
A blur of motion and then—
"NAGAGAGAGA! MISS ME, BRAT?"
"OH, THE HUGE MANATEE!" Soundbite caterwauled as he snapped back into his shell.
"OHFUCKIFORGOTABOUTTHISPART!" I shouted in shock, shaking my head in an
attempt to center myself.
"IT BUUURNS!" Cross howled, falling on his ass and clawing at his face in agony, rolling
back and forth. "SOMEBODY GET ME SOME ACID, I NEED TO REMOVE MY
EYES! NOTHING CAN HURT MORE THAN THIS!"
"Wha—? Aw, c'mon kid, you're exaggerating! I know I've let myself go, but—!"
"Cross!" Conis called out as she ran over. "Are you al—AUGH!" She suddenly cut herself off
with a terrorized scream. "THE HORROR! THE HORROR! THE GOGGLES DO
NOTHING!"
"IT BURNS WITH THE INTENSITY OF A THOUSAND SUNS! WHAT THE HELL
HAPPENED TO MERMAIDS BEING BEAUTIFUL?!" Su wailed.

"YOU TRY PUSHING SIXTY AND HOLDING ONTO A SUPERMODEL BODY, WHY
DON'T YOU?!" Kokoro snapped in an annoyed tone.
"You guys are exaggerating, though." I insisted. "She may not be the best sight to look at, but
you lot are just being mean right now."
"Thank you." Kokoro huffed. "But whatever, I get the point, I'm putting my damn shirt back
on! Tsk, damn kids, way to make a woman feel insecure! Be a bit more appreciative, why
don'tcha! I saved your friends' lives, y'know!"
"We'd rather have drowned…" a trio of pained voices gurgled.
"But it's not too late for the rest of us." moaned nearly every Marine nearby, many of whom
looked longingly at the edges of the bridge.
"How could the very incarnation of a man's romance have such a cruel reality?" one in
particular lamented.
"OI, DON'T YOU DARE BESMIRCH MAN'S ROMANCES WITH YOUR LUSTADDLED PERVERSIONS!" Boss snapped indignantly… though a second later he hissed
uncomfortably. "Ah… though in this case, you bastards may have a point, yes."
I blinked. "Dear Christ, everyone is rude today, what the fuck."
"THAT DOES IT! MERMAID KICK!" Kokoro shouted angrily, finally snapping. She'd
gotten her clothing back on, and began punting a dozen-plus Marines with her fin-feet.
After redirecting the anger of her three 'victims', we got back to our favorite pastime, WhackFuck with Whitehats. If they'd been disorganized before, now the poor Marines were in total
and complete disarray. To their credit, they hadn't outright collapsed yet, but they were
making no progress regardless. Usopp was even more effective at this range, landing pinpoint
hits even faster than before, when he wasn't swinging his Usopp Reactive Hammer anyway.
Zoro was Zoro, the opposition was merely wheat before his thresher. Then Sanji… Well, he
seemed to be upset at the news that Vivi had received that nasty scar.
"Apéritif!"
A blast of razor-sharp, flaming air sliced through half a dozen Marines… and the deckmounted mortar on a battleship… and the mast behind that, lighting it on fire.
Yeah, case in point.
Then suddenly, and without warning, the Marines began running past us, in a full retreat. Not
panicked, either, but organized.
"Uh… what the hell?" Nami wondered aloud. "That death threat was pretty clear, why are
they all running away?"

"Maybe they finally got a clue and realized they can't win against us anyway?" Franky
laughed confidently, slamming his knuckles together.
"Considering the size of the gun at their collective heads, I sincerely doubt that." Robin
countered.
I sighed explosively. "Yeah… like Soundbite said, they're finally 'blowing their best'."
"Attention all hands!" an amplified voice blared out across the bridge, originating on one of
the battleships. "As of this moment, all Junior Officers and enlisted hands are to return to
their posts! As of this moment, all further combat operations… will be carried out by officers
of Lieutenant and Captain rank! With the strength of our three-hundred elite, we will crush
these criminals without delay!"
Cross choked slightly at the number. "I expected that there'd be some more than usual, but
that's just unfortunate."
"We shall fight them in the shade, HUH?" Soundbite chuckled dryly.
"That didn't work out well for either side."
"More Captains… great." Reiju grimaced.
"Damn, I was wondering when they'd call these guys out." Vivi grit out, casting her gaze
around.
"Uh… correct me if I'm wrong, but wasn't Smoker a Captain?" Usopp whimpered fearfully.
"Technically, yes." I replied. "But he was severely underranked then. Between the Smoke
Logia and the seastone jitte… well, there's a reason most people would've bought him beating
the Sandile."
"That being said," Cross continued. "I've not heard of a Marine with a Devil Fruit who's
been below Captain-rank, so these guys are either ability users or are capable of holding their
own against them. Watch your backs no matter what."
"Psh…" Zoro shrugged as he rolled his shoulders. "What are you all getting so worked up
about? All this proves is that they're too scared of us to try anything else."
"Your mouth is talking shit, mosshead." Sanji chuckled grimly, blowing a smoke cloud. "But
that ratty bandanna you're putting on is telling another story."
Zoro just snorted dismissively, glancing back at the cook. "And what, you're just chewing on
the filter for the hell of it?"
"I also have a status report from ships 3, 8 and 9 at the island's main gate. The traitors Oimo
and Kashi, as well as the Straw Hat Pirates' allies, have been eliminated."

The crew all tensed up as one, but a twin cough of 'Bullshit!' from Cross and I calmed them
down quickly.
"The battleships will return to the Bridge to aid in the final elimination of the primary
targets! For now, all Marines present, assault the Straw Hat Pirates! Forward!"
"You… you dare claim that you defeated my boys that easily?!" Boss snarled as the Marines
leapt onto the bridge and began charging, his Thermal Dart spinning so fast it blurred into a
red-hot circle. "I'LL MELT YOU ALL INTO TAR FOR SUCH AN EGREGIOUS INSULT!"
"You just about ready to blow your best now, partner?" Cross growled out, taking a knee.
Soundbite grinned viciously as he furrowed his eyestalks. "All the better to BLOW THEM
AWAY. NOW THEN, IF YOU DON'T MIND…" Suddenly, all the sound on the bridge
abruptly died off. I tried to say 'What?', and to my surprise, nothing came out. "A LITTLE
QUIET, IF YOU PLEASE." He then closed his eyes. "In the land of silence… he who has a
voice… is GOD."
Cross fired a Cani-Cannonball at the approaching Marines, with no sound whatsoever. It
detonated silently roughly a meter before the crowd—
"Gastro-Cani Combo: BASS CANNON!"
And then the sound of the explosion smashed into the front line like a freight train from hell,
the sheer volume making it seem like the whole world was exploding all at once. Either way,
a nice swath of the opposition (and a good chunk of the bridge itself) were blasted back.
"Fuck me running…" I marvelled in astonishment. "How in the hell…?"
Cross chuckled venomously. "Soundbite awakened the Sound-Sound Fruit earlier during a
fight. So now he can do that. I'd say that's… around twenty to twenty-five down."
"And an assload left TO DEAL WITH…" Soundbite groaned as his eyes spun. "AND FOR
THE RECORD, SEEING AS I THINK I BLACKED OUT FOR a second there, I'm not
pulling that party trick again ANYTIME SOON."
"That's fine by me!" Boss scoffed, cracking his neck in anticipation. "Just means that there's
more for us!"
"Less than you think…" I spoke ominously. "Sorry to upstage you like this, Soundbite, but I
think I'll bust out a big move too." I reached up with a clawed hand, and pulled, summoning
my Visored Mask to my face once more in a burst of dark energy, letting out a roar in the
process. This, coupled with my spiritual pressure, caused the charging Marines to freeze in
terror.
Zangetsu in both hands, the blade roiling with energy, I readied myself to swing. "(Getsuga…
TENSHOU!!)" I roared, lashing the arc of destructive energy at the mob of Marine 'Elites'.
Some had the wherewithal to dodge, but most were caught in the attack, the explosion

sending them flying.
"(And that would be another fifty or so…)" I grinned cockily. I waved my hand, dismissing
my mask before it could break on me again.
"Damn… not bad." Cross admitted with a nod. "Time limit?"
"Nah, just running on empty right now, so I can't maintain it for long."
"Too bad, cause here they come!" Reiju announced, taking a stance.
And then, just like that, the Marines' fighting brass were upon us.
The next ten to fifteen minutes were a blur of motion, impact and adrenaline. I had managed
to abort the moshpit in Alubarna, but this one was certain to be in another league of its own
regardless. That battle would've at least had the two opposing armies splitting attention on
attacking each other. Here? We were the main objective, no distractions to speak of.
On top of that, we had a sideshow of Devil Fruit users to contend with too. There was a lot of
weird bullshit on display in this fight. Notable of my opponents in particular, were a reddishhaired man with a face not dissimilar to ancient giants, who could turn his head into a
cannon; a zoan user who clearly had eaten the Hound model of the Dog-Dog Fruit; and a
burly blonde-haired man with a sea-otter zoan. Wonder if he could still swim due to the
species…?
Another notable opponent who gave me some trouble must have eaten the Bone-Bone Fruit,
as he used abilities like a weaker version of Kimimaro's Dead Bone Pulse Kekkei Genkai.
Also, he had flasks of milk he kept drinking as he fought. I swear that sounded familiar, I just
couldn't place how…
"Hado #57: Daichi Ten'yō (Upturned Earth Dance)!" I announced, thrusting my hands
outward. All the nearest rubble from the Bridge of Hesitation began to levitate, then flew
rapidly toward the Bone Captain all at once. He grew bone spears to try and counter, but the
volume of rubble meant that they started to stick to them rather than shatter apart, and all of it
sent him flying back, colliding with a few of his comrades as they all went soaring all the
way to the third pillar.
"Everyone!" Cross called out. "Status updates, now! How are you holding up?"
"Could be better!" Nami reported from the shroud of iron cloud she'd erected, Usopp and
Conis occasionally poking out to take potshots at clusters of Marines. "I'm doing fine, but
Usopp and Conis are running low on ammo!"
"I'm not doing so hot either!" Franky reported, Strong Right'ing a Marine in the face, and
right as he pulled it back, his pompadour flopped down. "Dammit, I never shoulda given you
that Cola earlier! Weapons Left!"
*CLICK-CLICK-CLICK*

"Ah, hell."
"Starting to run out of Cherry Blossom explosives here!" Chopper spoke up. "I-I can
probably make more, but—!" He suddenly stumbled, and only a quick swap from Heavy to
Brain Point kept him from losing his head. "But, ah… uh, I know this is a bad time, but
I might have overestimated the duration of my stimulant."
"No -ergh!- kidding!" Vivi groaned, visibly fighting to remain standing. Sanji was there to
pick up her slack in seconds, but the fact that his Black Leg was no longer ablaze was less
than encouraging.
"I know I might consistently put on airs of strength," Robin huffed, her eyes clenched shut
and her arms crossed, systematically snapping limbs and joints all across the bridge. "But the
human skeleton is astoundingly resilient." She flinched as her palms began to bleed a little.
"Even I have my limits…"
"Took the words right out of my mouth, sister." Reiju agreed, looking somewhat unsteady on
her feet and favoring her side.
Yeah, I'm about to start flagging myself." I admitted. "That being said…" I raised one hand,
palm facing the crowd of Marines. "Hadō #88. Hiryū Gekizoku Shinten Raihō (Flying
Dragon-Striking Heaven-Shaking Thunder Cannon)!"
A large beam of electrical and spiritual energy fired from my hand, blasting their lines apart
on impact. It wasn't nearly as effective as it could have been; for one thing, I hadn't used the
incantation, for a second thing, it was a very new spell to my repertoire. As it was, I panted to
catch my breath after firing. "Yeah, I'd better not try that again for a little while."
"You all are total wusses!" Boss laughed uproariously, bodily flinging a Marine into his
comrades. "I mean, come on! Where's your fighting spirit, eh? After all, to face impossible
odds, standing defiantly to the end and emerging victorious…" He drew his fists back and
adopted an intense stance. "Is that not one of the purest and most sublime definitions… OF A
MAN'S ROMANCE?! FULL-SHELL STYLE: SIX OCEANS GUN!"
The dugong slammed his fists forward, the adapted technique blasting a nice, sizable opening
in the enemy's reformed lines… before the man keeled forward and panted heavily as he
rested his fists on the bridge. "On, ah… on second thought…" Boss huffed wearily. "I might,
hoo… be starting to see, ha… where you're all coming from, geeze…"
"Even Boss admits it? We must be in trouble." Lasso huffed heavily. "Ah… and by the way? I
know that this might be a bad time, but I'm starting to reach the 'fumes' stage myself. We
getting out of here any time soon or what?!"
Cross grit his teeth. "We just need to hold out until Luffy manages to beat Lucci! Once that
fight finishes—!"
"Cross…" Soundbite's tone caused us both to turn a look on the snail, his dumbstruck

expression filled with numb disbelief. "...I think it just did."
In a moment after hearing that, Cross took off like a bat outta hell, charging toward the
broken part of the bridge that led to the First Pillar, ignoring all the enemy forces he'd blown
past. I followed quickly when I noticed those same Marines decided to pursue him.
Eventually, I caught a look at what he could see.
Luffy, lying there in a small pool of his own blood and only barely twitching. Lucci standing
above him and huffing heavily as he caught his breath.
"LUUUFFYYY!!" Cross screamed desperately, echoing out and cutting through the
cacophony.
I and the others pushed it to the limit in order to keep the Marines off of Cross, the Commie
now concern only that our Captain was down, and he needed to get the fuck back up more
than anything.
Part of me was mildly amused that Cross was filling the role that Usopp had played in the
Prime Timeline. The rest of me was laser-focused on letting the loudmouth do what he does
best, and encourage Luffy to get his rubbery ass up and fight. I vaguely overheard him letting
SBS call-ins back him up in cheering him on. I desperately wanted to join in, to help more
somehow. Instead, I continued fighting with blade and fist and foot alone, conserving as
much energy as I could, in case I needed to step in and fight Lucci myself.
I kept my senses trained on this entire area, around the crew, and in the First Pillar, waiting to
see if Lucci would try to come over here to kill us. As I fought, I felt something… odd. I felt
the presence of Lucci and Luffy, naturally, but… then I felt someone else. Someone…
both there and not there. Whoever it was… they were a powerful soul. But then the presence
vanished as suddenly as it came
"Guuuuum-Guuuuum… Jeeeet… GATLIIIIIIING!"
As Luffy's final attack rang out, the SBS fell silent and a majority of us fighting on the bridge
paused to watch what we could. And eventually, at long last, 'Soldier of Dark Justice' Rob
Lucci fell.
"ROOOBIIIIIN!" Luffy roared, his voice carrying even without Soundbite's help. "LET'S
ALL GO BACK! TOGETHER!"
"C-Calling all ships!" came the panicked voice of the Marine PA. "J-Just now! T-The pirate,
S-Straw Hat Luffy… H-HAS JUST DEFEATED CIPHER POL NO. 9's ROB LUCCI!"
"PFFFHAHAHAHAHAAAA!!" Cross threw his head back and cackled. "YOU HEARD IT
HERE FIRST, FOLKS! THE WINNER BY TOTAL KNOCKOUT IN THE BRAWL
AGAINST THE SOLDIER OF DARK JUSTICE IS NONE OTHER THAN OUR
CAPTAIN, STRAW HAT MONKEY D. LUFFY! THIS MEANS THAT IN THE END, IN
THE CONFLICT BETWEEN US AND THE DREADED BOOGEYMEN OF CP9, THE
UNDEFEATED AND UNMITIGATED VICTORS ARE… THE STRAW HAT

PIRAAAATES!!"
"URAH!!" I yelled in victory, Zangetsu held high in the sky. "URAAAHH!!!"
This was an amazing moment. I could only imagine how it must feel for Cross. Enies Lobby
had shaken the world originally, but this? Declaring our victory like this worldwide? It might
just have the same level of impact as the canonical Paramount War.
And the good news just kept on coming…
"*Dot Dot Dot— KA-LICK!* WAY TO GO, LUFFY! / COMPLETE VICTORY, SUCKERS!
/ QUIET, OR THEY'LL FIND US!"
"THAT'S MY BOYS, HAHAHAHAAAA!" Boss cheered at the definitive confirmation of
our allies' survival.
"ALL UNITS!" Sengoku's voice bellowed out. "OPEN FIRE ON THE BRIDGE OF
HESITATION! DAMN PLUTON AND DAMN THE FIVE ELDERS! KILL THE
STRAW HAT PIRATES! LEAVE NONE ALIVE!"
Well, so much for good news…
*CRACK!*
"Uhhh…" Su hedged nervously, cowering as rays of golden light began to shine through
the cracking Gates of Justice. "Is metal supposed to act like that?"
Vivi opened her mouth to answer, and then choked fearfully as the blood drained from her
face. "It does when exposed to temperatures several dozen degrees below freezing…" she
squeaked, shakily pointing a finger to the signs of frost creeping through and around the
Gates.
"You know, at the very least, I can appreciate the schadenfreude that we've indirectly hit the
Government where it hurts with the damage to those stupid Gates…" Reiju remarked.
And Cross, meanwhile…
"PFFHAHAHAHAHA!"
Why, he just kept laughing. What else?
"WHAT THE HELL IS SO FUNNY?! YOU'RE ALL ABOUT TO DIE!"
"PFFHAHAHAHAHA!" Cross howled, shooting a grin at the warships looming all around
us. "I seriously overestimated how smart you guys were. You still don't get it?! WE'VE
ALREADY WON! All that's left now is to get the hell out! And that way out…" He turned
his attention skywards. "Should be arriving any second now."

For a brief moment, I believed that he was signalling me to use the Fortress Portal, so we
could instantly vanish and return to Water 7. Then I remembered… and I cast my senses
outward as hard as I could…
…and there she was.
"Let's go, everyone! Jump into the sea!"
I grinned, beginning to tear up. "Finally…"
"I knew you'd come…" Cross muttered, eyes closed with a blissful smile.
Soundbite's jaw all but hit the ground. "NO. FUCKING. WAY."
"Eh?" Franky paused mid-punch, hand to his ear. "The hell—? Who was that? And what'd
they say, it was all garbled."
"Huh?! You goin' deaf, metal-man?!" Boss scoffed as he whipped his rope-dart back and
forth. "That was clear as day!" Then he frowned in confusion. "Ah, the words were, anyways.
The actual meaning, though…?"
"Where did that come from…?" Su wondered, glancing about.
Usopp was steadily moving to the edge of the bridge. "Don't!" Cross shouted, snapping his
hand out, but still wearing a smile. "Don't look, don't question it! You don't have to! Because
in the end…" Tears spilled freely down his cheeks as he wept with joy. "We already know
who it is, right?"
Usopp stared dubiously at Cross, then an equally euphoric smile came across his face. He
threw his head back… and shouted.
"THE SEA! JUMP INTO THE SEEEEA! EVERYONE JUMP, RIGHT NOOOW!"
"You heard the man! Move it or lose it!" I announced.
"ROBIN!" Cross called out. "TOSS LUFFY IN WITH US!"
She nodded confidently. "Right!"
"Wha—! Are you all nuts?!" Zoro demanded incredulously. "That damn sea is in turmoil, if
we go down there—!"
"It'll be fine!" Usopp sobbed in his face. "S-She's here! She's c-come to help us! She actually
came!"
Reiju's eyes lit up in realization, and she grinned. "TO THE SEA!" she yelled, beginning to
move.

"INTO THE SEA!" Boss and Franky chorused, fist-pumping in sync as they dashed toward
the edge.
"THE SEA!" Sanji crowed.
"INTO THE SEA!" Vivi and Conis cried out together, the angel helping the Princess to carry
Carue with them.
"YOU'RE ALL NUTS, YA KNOW THAT?" Kokoro shouted as she ran after us.
"THE… THE PIRATES HAVE LOST THEIR MINDS!" the Marine PA cried out in
confusion.
"PFFHAHAHA! YOU ALL ONLY WISH!" Cross cackled, arms spread wide. "WE'RE NOT
NUTS, YOU BASTARDS JUST DIDN'T COUNT RIGHT! Buuuut, hey, I'm a nice guy. So
what the hell, allow me to list off the members who currently compose the crew of the future
King of the Pirates!"
He jabbed a thumb at himself. "For starters, we have me, my talking snail, and my ballistic
hound!"
"REPRESENT!" Soundbite roared.
"Got that right!" Lasso bayed.
"The future strongest swordsman in the world, the ultimate ruler of all snipers, and the best
chef to ever come outta the North Blue!"
"TO THE—!"
"WE GET IT ALREADY!" two of our crew's monster trio snarled, grabbing our sniper's
shoulders and dragging him along.
"The wicked witch of the weather, the ingenious monster doctor, and the one true heir of
Alabasta with her royal guard!"
"SCREW OFF, CROSS!" Nami and Chopper laughed as they ran past.
"Give 'em hell, Cross!" Vivi eagerly shouted, slapping him on the back as she passed.
"Ditto!" Carue wing-pumped.
"A band of badass dugongs, our angelic gunner with her pet fox, and the demon-heir of
Ohara!"
"OOHRAH!" Boss roared skyward.
"Conis giggled nervously. "I hope this works…"

"Of course it will!" Su cackled eagerly. "Haven't you noticed it yet?! With this crew, the
crazier the scheme is, the more it's absolutely guaranteed to work!"
"That does seem to be a fact of life…" Robin agreed, a blissful smile on her face.
"Our soulsword-slinging Chronicler, the duchess of deadly poisons, and the very heir to
Roger's Throne!"
"INTO THE SEA!!" Reiju and I cried out in unison.
"I-I-I-I'M GETTING DIZZY-Y-Y-Y-Y!"
"And finally, to round out our numbers, our most crucial and beloved comrade of all…"
Cross smiled from ear to ear, charging to the very edge of the bridge and jumping, flipping
mid-air even as the bridge exploded behind us.
"Let's go, everyone!" Merry called, smiling right back up at us, arms waving over her
head. "Let's all go back! Back to the Sea of Adventure!"
"WE HAVE THE MOST BADASS CARAVEL THE GRAND LINE HAS EVER SEEN!"

Chapter 49: The Miracle
Even well after having escaped the smoldering ruins of Enies Lobby, the adrenaline high of
our victory still had everyone totally amped. Celebrating and congratulating and everything.
Makes sense, we just handed the World Government and its dogs their collective asses, with a
side of severe black eye!
After we'd all managed to get aboard, some of us had a brief reunion with Merry, and some
with Robin. Cut short, as we had to make like firewood and split, what with the Buster Call
ships bearing down on us. However, Cross and Soundbite were on the case, doing exactly
what they do best: wreak untold chaos and maximum insanity. Impersonating officers, giving
false orders, causing unwitting mutinies, acts of sabotage, sowing utter mayhem amongst the
Navy's forces. It was beautiful, and I was jealous I couldn't have done it myself.
The gruesome twosome capped it all off by giving a simultaneous order to fire, causing every
single battleship to fire upon one another, the divided fire being the only thing keeping them
from being utterly destroyed.
From there, he passed it on to Nami, who proved that she was a top contender for (if not
undisputed) World's Greatest Navigator, directing us along the currents as easily as she
piloted her waver earlier, weaving around the battleships that had no chance to maneuver
with the damage they'd received. We even caught the edges of the whirlpools at just the right
angles and moments to gain bursts of speed.
Several ships nearly had their cannons sighted on us, and I was prepared to burn the last of
my Power Ring's charge to counter them, but Nami stopped me and proceeded to make me
fall in love all over again for the second time that day. Evidently, she'd been twirling and
maneuvering her Clima-Tact back on the bridge for a lot more than controlling her Eisen
Tempo. She'd set up a bank of crackling storm clouds, stretching from horizon-to-horizon no
less, going mostly unnoticed until now due to blending in with all the smoke. She then used
this to set off her newest attack, Divine Tempo: Jupiter's Fury, making the
world explode with light and sound as the sky disgorged roughly a dozen massive fuck-off
pillars of pure electricity, slamming into the ocean around us. More than half fried the
battleships, leaving them de-masted and aflame.
Once we were all safe and recovered from all this, the moment the opportunity presents itself,
that woman is gonna get it.
One last obstacle stood in our way: Vice-Admiral Momonga coming right at us. Nami tagged
out to Zoro, and the swordsman used his Asura technique, taking a very specific stance, all
six hands clutching the hilt of Wado Ichimonji, and clashed with the Marine swordsman
with One-Sword Style - Asura: Imperial Lion's Anthem. Momonga was flung back, the
wind was knocked out of him, and the ship was as good as split in half… along with leaving
a decent split in the sea and clouds.

At last, with a Cola restock from Merry, courtesy of Iceburg, Franky used his Coup De Vent
attack to propel us off and away from the battlefield once and for all.
As the crew continued to revel, I gave Robin a big ol' bear hug, and was delighted when she
happily returned it. All that negativity and reservedness from after Aokiji's parting words was
good as gone.
"Ooohhh, Rooobiiin~?" Cross crooned in a saccharine tone.
The archaeologist stiffened, slowly turning to look at the Commie with a nervous smile. "Yes,
Cross?" she asked in a deceptively stable tone.
"Remember how I said, oh so long ago, that I would one day get my revenge on you for
nearly killing me after Whisky Peak?" he purred, stepping toward her. "Aaand for nearly
letting Chopper play Mad Doctor on me? Aaand, of course, for developing the habit of
getting my throat attacked?"
The archaeologist was now visibly sweating as she slowly inched away from Cross. "Ahh…
heheheh… I-I remember you saying something apropos to that train of thought, yes…"
Her retreat came to a halt as I stepped up behind her, hand on her shoulder and a smirk on my
face. "Sorry, Robin. Looks like the bill has come due…"
And so, before she could react any further, Cross shot his arm around her neck, grabbed her
in a chokehold, slipped his fist under hat and began to noogie her into oblivion. "PAYBACK,
YOU STONE-COLD BITCH! PFHAHAHAHAAAAA!" he cackled uproariously.
"Agh, what the—OWOWOWOW, LET GO, LET GO!" Robin squealed, actually squealed,
struggling in his grip.
I bought Cross a handful more seconds when Sanji came blitzing right for him, keeping the
curly-brow chef from kicking his head off.
"You little—!" Sanji fumed.
"Ooowww…" Robin groaned, rubbing her burning scalp as she shot a glare at Cross that was
more confused than angry. "What on earth was that in aid of, Cross?"
He answered with a malevolent smirk. "Oh, now that's simple!" He drew the transceiver's mic
from his bag to speak into. "I just wanted the world to hear as I gave Nico Robin a noogie!" I
burst into laughter as Robin's cheeks brightened with a blush. "Good luck getting your rep
back after that little stunt, witch-bitch!"
"NO, that's NAMI!" Soundbite cackled.
"I'm gonna punt your head all the way back to Sengoku, Cross!" Sanji fumed indignantly, still
struggling in my grip.

"Hey, come on, now!" Cross put his hands up. "I have a valid excuse, I'll have you know!"
"What?!" he demanded in a tone that promised death.
"Well, ah…" Cross hesitated, glancing to the side with a blush, scratching his cheek. "It's…
It's just that it's a little brother's duty to embarrass his older sister, you know?"
Sanji blinked dumbfoundedly, and Reiju giggled as she must know that for sure. Then Robin
surged forward and hugged Cross, who returned it with gusto after a moment.
"...Thank you." she whispered, before raising her tear-stained gaze to look up at the rest of us.
"Thank you, all of you, for saving me."
Sanji's anger vanished as his eye turned to a heart, Luffy gave his usual grin and a thumbs-up,
and the rest of us just smiled, some with wet eyes, Boss in particular wiped a tear away.
"Ahh, what a glorious moment…" he sighed rapturously. "I just wish my boys could be here
too."
*SPLASH* "YOU CALLED?"
We all turned our attention to the edge of the ship, where the TDWS perched upon the railing
and leapt down onto the deck. Boss quickly wrapped them up in a shell-breaking hug,
gushing over a Man's Romance, or something like that.
"...I.. wha… how the hell—?" Cross sputtered weakly.
"Sea turtles, mate." Soundbite and I spoke at once, clearly on the same wavelength.
"Indeed, Sea Turtles are quite the hearty creatures!" Kokoro cackled as she knocked back yet
another bottle.
Franky laughed confidently. "How the heck do you think I made it back to Water 7 after I
fixed myself, huh?"
"Personally? I always thought that you were just too stupid to drown, Flunky."
"STICK A LATHE IN IT, ICE-FOR—hurk?!" Franky choked on his own words as he spun
on his heel. "ICE-FOR-BRAINS?!"
The Shipwright/President/Mayor smirked from atop his surprisingly-steathy vessel, mocksaluting his old friend. "Miss me, you metal meathead?"
Franky blinked stupidly for a second before cackling. "Not on your life, ya limp-wristed
walking cooler!"
"OK, that's just hypocritical!" Mikey pointed out with a bark of laughter.

I enjoyed the back and forth a bit longer, until something hit my senses. Something off…
something wrong. It felt almost like someone was… dying?
Oh fuck, MERRY!
"HER HEAD!" Cross suddenly roared at the top of his lungs with maximum desperation.
"GRAB MERRY'S HEAD, NOW!"
Not a soul questioned Cross, as Luffy, Vivi, Boss and Franky shot their respective limbs and
weapons at Merry's figurehead and grabbing on for dear life, myself casting Bakudo #4:
Hainawa from each hand.
And not a moment later, a chorus of *SNAP*s rang out, with around a dozen or so of Merry's
deck planks splintering and tearing. It nearly had us dragged off our feet. We kept Merry
whole… but an audible chorus of groans from across the ship did wonders to destroy any
confidence.
"MERRY!" Usopp wailed frantically.
"Wha-What happened?!" Nami demanded incredulously. "Sh-She was doing fine the whole
way through Enies—!"
"She was faking." Franky groaned, stabilizing his stance. "Damn, shoulda seen this coming.
It's no big surprise that Iceburg was able to put her into good enough shape to make it to
another island. But not even Tom himself could have made her seaworthy for more than half
a day with this much damage."
Iceburg shook his head with a heavy sigh. "I warned her, but… she insisted, and I only
thought it just to satisfy her final wishes. I'm… sorry, Straw Hats, but it's time for you to say
her goodbyes. I've already—"
"WAIT!" Cross pleaded, arms spread desperately. "Iceburg, please. Y-You've got Galley-La
with you, right? Then please, fix her up. Just one more time. Make her look her absolute best
just one more time."
Iceberg offered him a sad look. "Cross, I've already done all I can, there's nothing more—"
"LET HER FIGHT, DAMN IT!" Cross cut him off with a furious shout.
"C-Cross…" Usopp said hesitantly.
Cross huffed some air back in his lungs before continuing. "All this time, we've been saying
that we've won our fight, that we've beaten the world…" He shook his head with a scowl.
"But that's a lie! We're not done fighting, we still have one last comrade who needs our help!
Merry… Merry gave her everything to try and help us, to save our lives! And she's still
fighting, even now, still fighting to stay alive…" He sucked in a deep gasp before shouting
again. "AND I CAN GIVE HER THE CHANCE SHE NEEDS TO WIN!"

Kokoro hacked in shock as she coughed up a mouthful of her drink. "Wait, what?!
"Are you serious?!" Usopp demanded.
"Really, Cross?!" Luffy grinned happily.
"He's right!" I affirmed confidently. "Hell, we've been hitting on all sixes from the start…
unless you're me, and have been missing every chance to get something to save her, but still. I
say we take one more shot! One last chance to help Merry, so let's see her in one piece!"
Cross collapsed to his knees and rammed his brow into the deck, with me quickly following
his example. "I'M BEGGING YOU!" he shouted at the top of his lungs. "I'M BEGGING
YOU WITH EVERY LAST FIBER OF MY BEING, WITH EVERYTHING I'VE GOT, TO
PLEASE, PLEASE HELP US! GIVE MERRY THE CHANCE TO LIVE!"
Almost immediately, several other thumps sounded out, the rest of the crew mirroring us. We
waited, until finally…
A bosun whistle sounded out. "Galley-La." Iceberg said firmly. "All hands on deck. We have
work to do."
"Hey, Franky," I started, noting Iceburg's gaze turning to him. "You're in on this too, right?"
Franky grinned wryly. "Not a chance in hell that I wouldn't be. COME ON, CHUMPS!" the
cyborg slammed into his trademark pose eagerly. "LET ME SHOW YOU HOW
A REAL SHIPWRIGHT GETS BUSINESS DONE!"
And with that, the best and brightest of Water 7 set to work.

~BtWwG~

Five tense minutes later, and the whole crew was standing in a longboat floating only a few
feet away from Merry. We took the time aboard the Galley-La vessel to offload most of our
weapons and such, and Kokoro and Co. stayed aboard while we got back to a closer level
with Merry.
As expected, Galley-La weren't known as the best of the best for nothing. I mean, repairing a
ship so thoroughly while in the middle of the ocean? Not to mention watching Iceburg and
Fanky working side-by-side once more.

In the end, Merry floated before us intact… though no matter how immaculately arranged,
the sheer number of planks over her hull was a good indicator of the desperate situation.
"She's in as good a position as we can manage" Iceberg informed us solemnly from his own
boat, wiping the pitch from his hands. "But it won't last; every wave that hits her is tearing
her apart at the nails. As it is, I'll be surprised if she lasts the hour."
"Merry…" Chopper and Usopp sobbed.
"Normally, I'd say something witty about now." Franky grunted as he boarded our boat. "But
honestly? Iceburg's being nice. You've got half that, max. Whatever you've got planned, it
better be damn good."
Fuuuck, there goes my fallback plan. I'd hoped Merry could just about make it to Water 7, get
carefully drydocked, and just wait until my Gacha turned up one of the options to help her.
Cross cracked his neck side-to-side in preparation. "Then I guess it's appropriate that what
I'm about to pull is what can only be described as our last resort."
"Cross, are you seriously gonna—" Boss cut himself off with a glance at the bag at Cross'
side. "Are you seriously gonna accept?!"
I chopped my hand through the air. "My answer hasn't changed. If needs must, I'll take the
plunge on that. All this situation has done is strengthened my resolve." It would be weird as
hell, sure, but for Merry…
Cross shook his head. "No, don't worry. That's not what I've been talking about. I've got one
more trick up my sleeve before… that. If it doesn't work, then so be it. But…" he allowed a
small smile to cross his face. "Considering what it is…"
"Did I miss something?" Robin asked.
"Beats me." Boss shook his head with a shrug. "He said… something about having a way to
save Merry in the Tower, but he got attacked by a pigeon before he could say more."
"...it's a fine day in the Grand Line when I can hear a sentence like that and not question how
much it makes sense." Franky shook his head.
'(Geeze, Bossman, what is it with Cross and having trouble with the animals in this
world?)'
I smirked, just barely not snorting.
Cross was silent for a moment before turning to face everyone. "Amonsgt the forces of CP9,
there were a grand total of eleven members. Five of whom were waiting for us on Enies,
while the other six were escorting Robin. Lucci, Hattori, Kaku, Kalifa, Blueno… and Nero."
Most of the crew was confused… except for Sanji. "The sea-weasel?!" he coughed in

confusion. "But-But he was a weakling! He didn't even know all of the Six Powers! He was
nowhere near even Blueno, and that bull was one of the weakest!"
"Yeah, they rushed him through…" Cross chuckled in agreement. "But he was a CP9 member
regardless! And that's important… because of the last assignment that Jabra, Fukuro and
Kumadori pulled off just a week ago." He spread his arms as he explained. "It was known as
Operation: Famine, the destruction of an ocean-spanning smuggling ring. The agents
themselves took out the big fish in charge, while the normal soldiers confiscated the goods."
"And this is relevant… how?" Zoro demanded impatiently.
"It's relevant…" Cross all but giggled hysterically, digging out a small chest from his bag into
his palm. "Because to save Merry, we need to beat the world. To do that, we need to reject the
laws of physics. We need to break reality itself. And the only way to do that… is to make use
of exactly what the ring specialized in smuggling."
With that, he opened up the mini-chest, and shocked everyone with its contents. A glossy,
swirly patterned peach.
"A Devil Fruit…" I began to grin. "Of course…!"
"Yup…" Cross nodded with a somewhat mad grin. "The smuggling ring moved them and
sold them to the highest bidder, and when CP9 busted them, Spandam kept his greasy mitts
on three for his unpowered oversea operatives. Kaku and Kalifa got the Ox-Ox Fruit, Model:
Giraffe and the Bubble-Bubble Fruit respectively. Nero? Well, he never made it, so this was
left over, hidden away until Spandam could think of another use for it."
He tapped the chest's lid a bit frantically. "This. This is how we're gonna save Merry, right
here."
"Now this is what I call clutch." I spoke, pounding fist to palm. "This could definitely work.
A one-in-three chance, and we just need to have found a Zoan-type to win!"
"Still," Vivi worried nervously. "It's not exactly a guarantee—"
"Don't!" I snapped in return. "This is our last shot, okay? Cross and I both made promises to
Merry that we'd find a way to keep her with us. Unfortunately, my luck has caused me to fail
to deliver. Cross, on the other hand, has brought us this. A 33-ish percent chance!" Tears
threatened to spill from my eyes. "But it's all we've got. Hell, how can we call ourselves
Straw Hats if we don't fight like hell to keep a promise to a friend?"
Everyone considered that for a few moments. Then Luffy finally spoke up. "How do we feed
her, guys?"
Cross and I simultaneously went to respond… only to find ourselves at a loss for words.
"Ah… I'm not sure…" I responded uncertainly. "If there's no complicated science-based
process, I'd say… it could be as simple as, for example, impaling the fruit on a sword to

impart the 'soul' of the fruit?" A thought occurred, and I turned to our canine crewmate.
"Lassoo, you should know. Any input?"
Before the dog could even respond however, another voice spoke up first.
"If I… eat that…" Merry suddenly reappeared on the longboat, her form flickering and
midsection bloodied, her voice barely more than a breeze. "If I eat… that fruit… then I can…
can stay with you guys?"
"I mean…" I hesitated. "That's the idea, but it's still pretty risky, so—"
Before I could continue, Merry's hand shot out, snatched up the fruit, and stuffed it in her
mouth, cheeks bulging as she chewed.
I blinked in surprise. "Nevermind."
Soon enough, Merry swallowed the fruit and started speaking frantically. "I-I'm so sorry
about that, you guys, I know that it was stupid and risky and all, but I jus—!" She suddenly
cut herself off, her faintly-visible complexion turning a furiously ashen color.
"Merry?" Cross leaned in worriedly. "Merry, what's wrong?! Please, Merry, talk to—!"
"SWEET MOTHER OF ALL LEAKY-KEELED MARINE ROWBOATS, THAT THING
TASTED LIKE SEA KING DICKBALLS!" Merry suddenly howled skywards, tongue stuck
out.
"Well then…" I breathed.
"...eh?" Cross blinked in shock.
"Crude… but accurate, I would say." Robin shuddered with a grimace.
"Ditto." Luffy, Chopper, Soundbite and Lassoo all concurred.
"...The rumor about Klabautermanns cursing like sailors is true? God bless this day." Iceburg
breathed upwards.
Cross shook his head clear, then snorted. "And… you know what that would taste like, how,
exactly?"
"OH, SCREW—! HURK!" Before anyone could react, Merry suddenly doubled over and
staggered backwards, swaying drunkenly on her feet.
"Merry! What's wrong?!" Usopp asked frantically.
"Ah… I, ah…" Merry shook her head blearily. "Guys? I… I don't… I don't feel so…" And
with that, she keeled over the side of the longboat… at the same time as her actual ship form
suddenly vanished, seawater rushing in to fill the small void she left in the ocean.

The sudden movement caught us all off guard, some of us even got thrown off our feet… but
I took notice of two things in particular.
A small patch of darkness in the water that was growing smaller… and the familiar soul I
sensed descending with it.
"MERRY!" Cross and I roared in unison. The loudmouth just barely took the time to toss his
jacket and Soundbite with it to Luffy before diving in, and I followed straight after.
We swam like hell, and managed to catch up to the small form and grab hold. I'm glad I
joined in, because what I could only say was Merry was HEAVY in the water. I got a firm grip
on both, then used my 'flight' technique to push back up. It wasn't nearly as effective,
naturally, but it still worked anyway. Soon, we rushed back up to the surface, and slammed
back aboard the longboat, nearly capsizing it with the momentum.
Cross gasped and spat, trying to clear his senses of all the seawater. "M-Merry? Merry, where
are you?!"
"Urk… agh… h-here, Cross…" came the response from the small form sitting squarely on his
chest.
She was about the same size as her Klabautermann form, no more than four feet tall, peachcolored skin and a soft mane of white hair with a couple of curly brown tufts circling her ears
like ram horns. She wore an orange raincoat, gray leggings, and a metal choker around her
neck along with matching anklets.
"Merry… you're… human?" Usopp breathed in awe.
"But… but how?" Chopper squawked in shock. "I ate the Human-Human Fruit!"
"You ate a model of the Human-Human Fruit." I corrected. "The base model, I believe. Hell,
Sengoku ate the Human-Human Fruit, Model: Daibutsu. At a guess… I'd say Merry's Fruit
was the Model: Child."
('Heh. Could you imagine if Nero actually got to eat that? Wouldn't be very useful, now
would it?')
'Eeexcept for a Government Agent able to turn into an innocent-looking child at will and
completely evade anyone looking for him.'
('...withdrawn.')
"Merry, as good as the results turned out to be, can I just point out that you ate a Devil
Fruit whilst in the middle of the ocean?" Cross questioned, pinning her with a look. "I don't
think there's a better epitome of 'reckless' in this world, and this is me talking here! What in
the blood-soaked Whitehat hell were you thinking?! Did you even consider for a second the
danger you were in?! That you could've—?!"

"I DIDN'T CARE!" Merry suddenly screamed at the top of her lungs, cutting off a
bewildered Cross; she stood there shaking on her feet with tears streaming down her face. "I!
DIDN'T! CARE! AND I DON'T CARE NOW! NOT THAT I COULD'VE DIED, OR THAT
I CAN'T SWIM ANYMORE, OR THAT…" she choked heavily on her words. "T-THAT I
CAN'T CARRY YOU GUYS ANYMORE! I-I DON'T CARE ABOUT ANY OF THAT! BBECAUSE…!"
She threw her head back and screamed to the heavens. "BECAUSE ALL I CARE ABOUT IS
YOU, ALL OF YOU! ALL I CARE ABOUT IS STAYING WITH YOU GUYS! I-I DON'T
CARE IF I NEVER GET TO SEE THE NEW WORLD, OR IF I NEVER GET TO SEE
LAUGH TALE, BECAUSE EVEN IF I DID…"
Merry flung herself forwards to bury her sobbing face in Cross' chest. "IT WOULD MEAN
NOTHING! NOTHING WITHOUT YOU! I-I DON'T WANT TO GO TO THE BOTTOM
OF THE SEA, I DON'T WANT TO DIE! A-AND MOST OF ALL, I DON'T WANT TO BE
LEFT BEHIND! S-SO PLEASE, PLEASE!"
She raised her head and stared at us with absolute desperation. "LET ME STAY WITH YOU!
LET ME COME WITH YOU, EVERY STEP OF THE WAY! LET ME SEE ANOTHER
SUNRISE AS PART OF THIS CREW! LET ME STAY A STRAW HAT!"
I barely even noticed Luffy giving a firm not out of the corner of my eye, as I was already
tearing up. The instant he did, I moved forward and enveloped Merry in a tight hug at about
the same time as Cross. "You moron…!" I sniffled. "There's no world where we'd ever deny
you!"
And that was all the others needed to roar with joy and celebrate.
"MERRY!" Usopp, Luffy and Chopper cried joyfully, joining in on the little group hug we
were developing.
"WE DID IT!" Nami squealed in joy, grabbing the nearest person in a hug. Said person
happened to be Sanji, who had no complaints whatsoever. Vivi mirrored her actions with
Carue… though given she'd grabbed him by the neck instead of the chest, he was more
frantic than happy.
"YOU GUYS ARE SO TOTALLY NUTS!" Franky sobbed dramatically, trying and failing to
hide his manly sobbing behind a pose.
"WOOOOOO! WOOOOOOO!!" Lasso howled triumphantly towards the sky.
"Can you believe it, Su?!" Conis giggled ecstatically as she spun her pet around. "We did it!
She's alive! She's alive!"
"That's great, Conis, but I'm getting kinda—!"
"SHE'S ALIVE!"

"AAAAGH!" Su screamed, flailing in terror as Conis suddenly flung her upwards with a
euphoric laugh.
"To snatch a dearest comrade, whom we all believed doomed, from the very jaws of death
itself…" Boss shook his head with a wide grin. "Ohhh, there's only one definition for this!"
He leapt skywards with a fist pump. "SAY IT WITH ME, BOYS!"
"IT'S A MAN'S ROMANCE!!" the TDWS chorused, mimicking their mentor.
"And I thought this day couldn't become any more wonderful." Robin muttered, tears
streaming down her cheeks as she stood by, hugging with an equally happy-crying Reiju. "I
have never been more grateful for the impossibility of these seas. Of this
insane, beautiful crew."
"Agreed…" Reiju managed to speak.
Zoro was off to the side as well, and while he said nothing, he made no attempt to hide his
grin.
"They did it, they did it!" Chimney and Gonbe sang, dancing around hand-in-paw.
"You think we've finally seen the extent of their madness?" Iceberg asked Kokoro wistfully.
"Nagagagaga!" Kokoro cackled, finishing off the last of her bottle with a smirk. "Personally?
I think… that they're just getting started."
The mayor's smile widened as he looked back at us. "...good."
Then, as if all this weren't enough, I suddenly felt a spot of cold touch my skin. Then more. I
looked up, and saw that, indeed, it was snowing.
"We made it…" I whispered, tears openly streaming down my face.
"We won…" Cross sobbed under his breath, before raising his voice to roar for all to hear.
"YOU HEAR THAT? WE WON! IN THE FINAL COUNT OF THE STRAW HAT
PIRATES VS THE WORLD ITSELF, AGAINST REALITY ITSELF! WE!
HAVE! WOOOOOON!!"
And victory never tasted so sweet than it did now.

Chapter 50: Return to Water 7
Sadly, the joy of the moment couldn't last forever, as evident when Merry straight up
collapsed in our arms, just shy of unconscious. While becoming a human-ship would allow
Merry to heal from her life-threatening injuries, she still had them in the first place. Said
injuries had converted from carpentry to biology, leaving her all but torn in half at the waist,
along with several other bad wounds.
We scrambled like hell to get Merry aboard Iceburg's ship and into the medical bay without
aggravating her injuries too badly. I handed off the White Phial to Chopper, incredibly glad
I'd remembered to snatch it up, before the Doctor bodily flung everyone sans Franky from the
room.
It was incredibly tense as we all waited outside the room with bated breath for any news of
Merry's condition. Eventually, Chopper and Franky emerged at last, weary and bloodstained,
and informed us that Merry would live. With a helluva scar across her back and unable to
remove the anklets and choker, but live she would. Hell, after some days of rest, physical
therapy and crutches, she'd even be able to walk. Sadly, it wasn't all good news…
Merry could never become a ship again without tearing herself apart. Even the healing she
could do as a human wouldn't be enough to save her from ripping in half from her own
tonnage. But she'd live, and she could stay with us, and that's what mattered. Naturally, right
after that we all conked out from all the bullshit we'd been through.
Most of us woke up again around thirty hours later. Luffy, Merry, Carue, Vivi, Soundbite and
Chopper were all still asleep due to either excessive injuries or extreme exhaustion. Or both.
We received a visit from Zambai and the Galley-La foremen. While there were many major
injuries amongst them, the Franky Family thankfully suffered no casualties. Iceberg told us
how the Aqua Laguna, the worst in known history, had done some severe damage to Water 7.
However, with the WG contracts dissolved, Galley-La would have more than enough time for
repairs. The entire island was on their side, given the truth of the 'Mass Resignation from
Hell'.
Moreover, Water 7 bailing out meant that all the best shipwrights in Paradise went with them.
It meant that many other nations -San Faldo, St. Poplar and Pucci amongst them- were forced
to follow their example, or face the Grand Line's 'good graces' with ships of much lesser
quality. Iceberg, you mad genius.
After that, we had some talks about our injured crewmates with the physician assigned to
look over us with Chopper out of action. He was losing his shit over the passive bullshit we
emitted, Luffy's supposedly-impossible injuries in particular. We also learned that with his
Awakening, Soundbite no longer needed to be conscious for his powers to translate our nonhuman allies.

Neither did Chopper need to be conscious to tranq idiots exacerbating their wounds, as
frighteningly displayed when Carue tried to get up to get to Vivi's side. That's fun.
I gave Sanji and Cross a talking to about terrorizing the good Doctor simply for off-handedly
saying something they didn't like, and in the end, the overall prognosis was that everyone was
healthy enough, and should be alright so long as those who need it get appropriate rest.
Following that, Iceberg finally demanded the explanation they had been promised before.
Zambai and Paulie stayed to listen, and we gave them (and the other crewmembers who
hadn't heard it yet) the whole Multiverse shebang. It left most everyone stunned silent, until
Robin spoke up.
"So, if I'm understanding you correctly," she began. "We're all technically characters in a
story you read?"
"Uh…" Cross hesitated, smiling nervously.
"Back home, you are." I spoke up. "Here, you're all very real. My personal hypothesis is that
dreams and the imagination are windows into the greater multiverse. Or something like that."
I frowned. "You're probably wondering why we didn't tell you all this sooner?"
"Fairly irritated about it, yes."
I cocked an eyebrow. "Well, we could've tried before Long Ring Long, where you were likely
to have snapped one or both of our necks and made a break for it. Ooor we might've tried
after, when you were just itching for a chance to take the fuck off on us."
That got an embarrassed blush from Robin, who coughed into her fist, pointedly looking
away. "Withdrawn…"
"Ahem." Franky coughed to get our attention. "Look, I realize that the Grand Line is nutso
and all, and I've seen some pretty nutty stuff myself, but come on. An explanation like that?
Even I have to draw the line and call you a little wacko, no matter how crazy good your
intel's been up until now."
Iceberg sighed wearily. "As much as it pains me to agree with Flim-Flam here—"
"I think I might even prefer Flunky." the cyborg muttered.
"—your story is a bit… out there. Do you have any kind of proof, anything at all, that could
prove your words beyond any doubt?"
Cross and I sat there for a bit, wondering how to answer them. I wasn't sure if I knew
anything that could provide definitive proof. Then Cross got himself an evil idea. He started
replacing Franky's cola with other, 'non-kosher' drinks.
Even the others started getting in on it. Pumpkin Juice got him acting like a 70s funk
enthusiast, Vegetable Juice like a hippie, and Tea like some pansy-ass farmer. Spinach Juice

got him mimicking Popeye the Sailor Man, Ale made him some kinda fantasy knight, and
Grape Juice like a Rome enthusiast, for some reason.
It was hilarious as all hell… until someone slotted in milk and he started singing like Brook.
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that BROB wanted to have a laugh too, or something.
"Hey, Franky." Reiju spoke up. "Just checking, but you and Iceburg believe the truth now,
right?"
"Eh? Ah… yeah, I do. Not like I have much choice, right? I only experimented with
alternative fuels once, and nobody was around to see it. Only way they could've known—!"
"Was from watching Chopper toss you non-cola drinks back in Enies Lobby's kitchen." Cross
answered with a smirk.
"...yeah, that."
"I'm satisfied as well." Iceberg nodded in confirmation.
"Good."
Suddenly, Cross was facing down a panel of dark judgement: a tengu, an oni, and a demon,
all staring him down with murder in their eyes.
"Time to pay, Cross." they intoned in sync.
"I wouldn't, if I were you." I interjected, drawing the trio's ire.
"Why not?"
I scoffed. "First of all, while I admit, shirtless Granny Kokoro isn't pleasant to look at, y'all
were being real rude with your overreactions on the Bridge." Cross, Conis and Su all had the
good grace to look a little guilty. "On top of that, if you hadn't blacked out from seeing her,
you would've drowned to death, guaranteed."
The trio of darkness glanced at each other, then resumed their glare. "Maybe you've got a
point, but If it were just the mermaid, there'd be less of an issue. We've been dealing with
Cross' bullshit smartassery for months."
"Oh, boo hoo hoo for you!" I mocked, rolling my eyes. "You've been at the expense of some
cheap laughs, more or less harmless as well. Suck it the fuck up. Unless, of course,
you want Chopper to wake up, discover you're all exacerbating your injuries, Spark out, and
hunt your sorry asses down like the mad dogs you are?"
A snore and mutter from the monster-doctor occurred at that moment, snapping the three out
of their 'dark mode' as they stiffened up in fear. "NOPE."
"Then I suggest, you all sit your sorry asses down, and talk this bitch out like civilized

sentient beings. Agreed?"
They and Cross all nodded in the affirmative, and they immediately drew up seats to talk with
Cross. He made them a promise not to abuse future knowledge solely for amusement unless it
was certain to be harmless or they were in on it, until we finally set off to the New World.
They accepted, not thinking of either his specific wording… or that I hadn't made any such
promises.
"Welp…" I stood and stretched myself out. "Given I'm probably the most recovered due to
my regen, I think I'm gonna head out for… a while. I've got plans to deal with."
"Plans?" Reiju questioned curiously. "What do you mean?"
I grinned like a loon. "Rei, I got Technopathy only recently. I have been waiting for that
ability, or something like it, for a good long time now. I have a lotta tech up there to mess
with, and I want to get it done ASAP."
Cross matched my grin. "Gonna make some fun things to fuck shit up?"
"Ohhh, maliciously."
"Bitchin', go have fun."
I snapped my fingers, opening a portal in front of me, to the shock of several in the room who
hadn't seen it yet. "I'll be back by at least tomorrow, to check if Merry's awake yet." I walked
through, and emerged onto the DOOM Fortress, portal closing behind me.
I immediately rushed to retrieve a couple more pieces of tech I stored up here, and went
straight to the Droid Factory. I checked the supply manifests, and saw that there were more
than enough materials for what I'm after. I set the systems to produce a handful of several
combat-type droids for the next step.
It didn't take terribly long before I had them all set up before me. B1s, B2s (several variants),
a pair of B-Xs, Droidekas, etc. All of them empty shells without any programming. Next to
me, I had one each of the samples for the Arc Reactor and Kinetic Barrier.
"Oookay, time to go to work…" I declared aloud. I then raised my arms, eyes aglow with
power, and reached out.
Within minutes, I had scanned over every piece of tech I was planning to use here, and
understood how they all worked. How all their parts could interact to do what I wanted. All
the pieces and droids began floating in the air under my power, and then the droids began
coming apart. All the pieces floated around me in a circular pattern, like a dome of tech.
I began reassembling everything into the form I wished it to be, using the B-X as the base.
Slowly but surely, the bot came together, piece by piece, until finally, I released my power,
and beheld the new droid I had created.

It looked not that different to a normal B-X Commando Droid, but the armor was not nearly
as good. After all, this droid was meant to be a middle ground between the fast-production of
B-1 and sheer eliteness of the B-X. The armor also now held a form of 'adaptive camo',
where their armor color could change to better suit blending into the environment. They still
had the flexibility and mobility of a base B-X, and their internals that gave them superior
program power were cheaper, but streamlined to be just as strong. I handled the blasters by
making them likewise stronger and more efficient, but not much else. As opposed to the
vibroswords, which underwent a full redesign. They were likewise better than before, but
now they resembled the katana that were popular throughout this world.
A couple of additions I made were a sidearm created from the blasters of a Droideka (I wasn't
sure what to call it yet), a shoulder-mounted launcher made from the wrist-rockets of B-2s, as
well as jet boosters from other B-2s to improve mobility even further. Lastly, one of the most
important bits that would make it more survivable in this world, the built-in Kinetic Barrier.
They were made to take rounds far more advanced than this world's best, so should keep
them alive against most combatants. Not to mention improved in strength and efficiency. All
of this, powered by the Arc Reactor within the most armored part of the chassis. With a builtin self destruct to detonate it when the droids were unrecoverable. Can't have Vegapunk
reverse-engineer my troops for the WG, after all.
It was… magnificent. It would be my frontliner unit of my future army. And if I ever need
sheer, truly overwhelming numbers, I can just upgrade the B-1 design with a Kinetic Barrier.
I'll call this… B-X2. The B-X2 Apex Battle Droid. They will be beautiful. I loaded the
schematics I made into the systems, and ordered the factory to keep making them and storing
them until either there was no more room, or I said stop.
I moved on to another project I had in mind. Something… psychologically traumatizing to
face. I took a few Viper Probe Droids, as well as two more pieces of tech I've been waiting to
use, the Sangheili Stealth Tech… and the Sierra Madre Hologram Projector tech.
The technology all came apart as I took control, my mind going a mile a minute as I figured
out what can and should go where. Soon, I had something I was planning to make long
before even the Droid Factory came to me. Something I believe crazy ol' Elder Elijah may
have dreamed up first, even.
The Vipers were no Eyebots… they were arguably even better. But the droids themselves
didn't need to do the fighting. No, that was the job of the projectors and their holograms, the
droids were to keep them mobile… and hidden. Powered by another Arc Reactor, this…
Black Mamba Hologram Droid, could remain cloaked as long as necessary to hide its
position, while having the Hologram (the default design is now Cyclops from X-Men instead
of the Sierra Madre Security) do the fighting with its head-laser, drawing all sorts of attention
while being totally invulnerable. And no Observation could reveal the droid, as it wasn't
really where the attacks were directed from. Hue Hue Hue…
I uploaded the schematics to the computer, but only ordered a single squadron for production.
They'd be much more of a resource sink than even the base B-X. But they'd be ready when
needed. Then I queued up a handful of other non-combat droids for various other purposes.
Those I could pick up later when the time was right. From there, I left the Factory to its work,

and returned to the command center. I had a few ideas I wanted to try, but one thing took
precedence, now that the droids were well on the way. I approached a box I had set aside,
with a note labeled 'URGENT!!!'

~BtWwG~

I was up on the Fortress for enough time that I ended up sleeping there, having stupid-ass
dreams of conquering Blue Star with a Droid Army that held more than twice the numbers of
the Navy. Were it so easy.
When I came back down, most of the rest of our crewmates had returned to the waking
world. When asked, I was deliberately vague about my activities on my orbital base so as to
not spoil the surprise. And then finally, after around 48 hours after her rebirth as a human,
Merry woke up as well. Everyone clamored around her to give her a hug, even Zoro.
She was a little forlorn about not being able to be a ship anymore, but seemed to accept that
and be happy she was alive. The next step was figuring out what all Merry was capable of,
which Chopper and Donny started off by repetitively poking Merry, discovering that her skin
could be just as tough as her hull was. Unfortunately, this resulted in Merry getting annoyed,
suddenly wielding Mikey as a club and sending Donny flying into the nearest solid stone
wall. Into.
So yeah, she had the proportional strength of a caravel now. How that measured up to
'proportional strength of a spider', I wasn't sure. But, she wasn't gonna be helpless by any
measure.
The next thing we discovered is that Merry also kept her storage space. All of it, in
hammerspace form, as she demonstrated when she dumped the entirety of the mikan grove
dirt from one pocket. Followed by two whole-ass crates of ballast stones.
Devil Fruit Bullshit, to be sure, but we did wonder how Paulie could seemingly do the same
when Cross took a minute to pull enough rope from his sleeve to mistake it for an anaconda.
He bailed before we could properly question him, and then Merry consumed the whole pile,
showing us yet another quirk of hers: her diet. Cloth, canvas, wool, cotton, etc. Poor Sanji
and Reiju were gonna have a field day figuring out how to turn that kind of material into a
gourmet meal.
As they took Nami and Chopper to go and begin their quest of culinary discovery, Cross
decided to start up the SBS once more. Getting Dorry and Broggy on the line first along with
inviting Oimo and Kashi to join in. All in the name of making the world a little more mad.

What we didn't expect was for a sudden call-in from one of our future allies, Hajrudin. His
questions caused the two Giant Captains' duel to be brought up, and an opportunity was taken
to remember and resolve it. In the end, it was declared a draw, and a joyful Dorry and Broggy
were now free to leave Little Garden and bring back the Giant Warrior Pirates once more.
Things simmered down for a while after that, with Boss helping train his students so they can
learn his new Full-Shell Style version of the Six Powers, and Merry practicing walking with
her crutches… to some measure of success. Until Nami almost literally stormed in,
demanding answers from Cross. See, he ended up doing some damage during that little chase
with the Unluckies, including buying a rug-seller's whole inventory at gunpoint. That was the
least problem, though. What was more concerning was the rest of the damages. Oh, the
property damage would be covered by Mayor Iceburg anyway, due to Aqua Laguna, but
the merchandise damage…
Maybe I should've stopped them back then. Either way, it was a good thing our friends in
MI5 decided to call at that moment.
They filled us in on news from their side: Goat, Rooster and most of the other big-name
rookies caused enough trouble to cost the Marines a quarter of their liquid assets, three bases,
and a Rear-Admiral+ training grounds. 90% of the Marines' Giant members mutinied upon
hearing Robin retell Ohara, set off by John Giant saying Saul deserved what he got. Moron.
Aokiji subdued them, and Akainu later (under orders to not kill) 'convinced' the mutineers to
reaffirm their loyalty.
In other news, Tashigi… was taking the revelations of Enies Lobby hard. Cross managed to
turn things around by assuring that Sengoku likely wasn't corrupt at all, just in an impossible
position. He also made mention of Rocinante, and how the man's connection to Law meant
that we might have an in with Sengoku in the future. Maybe. We'll see. After learning our
friends' marching orders, we ensured that Hina and her people would help out in ferrying our
Red and Blue Ogre friends to Water 7.
Tashigi gave a weary sigh. "Look, Cross, I've had a hell of a week and I just want to get some
sleep, so if there isn't anything else—!"
"Wait!" Merry interrupted. "Lieutenant Tashigi… I… look, I know a lot about my crew's past
stunts and whatnot, but admittedly there are quite a few gaps in my knowledge, centered
around when my crew was ashore. But from what I've pieced together… you saved Cross'
life in Rainbase, right? When you took down Mister Three?"
"Ah…" Tashigi hedged slightly. "Yes, against my better judgement. Why?"
"Well, in that case…" Merry adopted an angelic smile, beaming at the Marine. "I just wanted
to thank you for saving my life too, is all."
"...huh?"
"Well… yeah." Merry nodded. "I mean, after all, if you hadn't been there, then he'd have
died, and so I'd have died too. But because you saved him, he was able to save me. Which

means… you saved me too. So…" She nodded again. "Thank you. Thank you for giving me
the chance to live. For letting me fulfill my dreams. I… I owe you everything, Tashigi, just as
much as I owe Cross, and I'll always be grateful for this chance you've given me. Just…
thank you."
Tashigi's jaw worked itself silently, until she eventually clenched her mouth
shut. "...Permission to excuse myself for a moment, sir?" she whispered softly.
"Go on and get the hell out of here, Marine." Smoker replied instantly. A few seconds after
hearing the shutting of a door, he spoke up again. "That was a load of bull and you know it."
Merry's smile became slightly apologetic. "Yeah, I know, but can you honestly tell me that
even matters a little bit, and that she didn't need to hear that?"
The corners of his mouth turned upwards. "...no. No, I can't." he admitted quietly.
Another minute or so, and Tashigi was heard re-entering the room. "T-Thank you very much
for telling me that, Merry."
"Thank you." the girl-ship chirped virtuously.
"Glad to have you back, Lieutenant." Cross nodded happily. "Anyway, while I have you, one
more question before we wrap up: do you two have any idea why Akainu and Kizaru weren't
at Enies Lobby? I expected Sengoku to throw everything at us, and while Kizaru could be
expected to duck out from sheer laziness, I wouldn't expect Akainu to miss us burning Enies
down for the world."
I pointedly clamped my mouth shut, trying not to say anything.
"You seriously lucked out with Kizaru." Smoker grunted. "A training accident sent him flying
into the Red Line when he tried to use his abilities to reach you. He'll be recovering from it
for a few days."
Oh, those lying shits… trying not to inflate some egos, are we?
"What? How the heck did that work?" Cross questioned. "I mean, I know the general
mechanics of the Glint-Glint Fruit as a Logia, but how did he—?"
"Mirrors." Tashigi deadpanned.
Cross' eyes went wide as he slapped his palm to his head. "...How did we not think of that
sooner? Nami, if we end up meeting Kizaru, be ready to throw up a mirage; play it right, and
he could end up on the other side of the world."
"I will absolutely remember that." Nami promised fervently.
At the same time as the two Marines went into a minor coughing fit, I just barely kept from
snorting.

"EVAN knows something, he's clearly in on some kinda joke with them." Soundbite spoke
up.
…dammit, snail.
"Alright, what's so funny?" Nami demanded.
I sighed. "Alright, so… remember back on the Bridge of Hesitation, when you spotted that
'sniper', and put up a mirage to throw them off?"
"Yeah, of course, what else was I gonna do when I saw that… glint of… light…" She slowly
blanched as she realized the truth, and Cross wasn't far behind.
I patted her on the cheek. "Congrats, Sweetheart. You technically defeated an Admiral of
Navy HQ."
"Wow. Nice job." Merry said in shock.
Seems our allies were vague for nothing, as instead of preening at the accomplishment, Nami
slapped a hand to her mouth with a terrified squeak.
"HOLY FUCK, that was so close!!" Cross heaved out.
"Well, at least you guys understand the gravity of the situation." I commented.
"A-Anyway," Tashigi continued. "I'll let Rooster fill you in on the details himself, but suffice
to say that his actions were more than enough to warrant Akainu going after him personally.
He avoided the Admiral by sailing into the Calm Belt, but then Boa Hancock was sent after
him. Capricorn confirmed that he's still alive and free, but…" She shrugged
helplessly. "We're not sure of the finer details."
"Huh…" I pondered. "Nnnot sure how he could've evaded her, of all people. Well, one way or
another, it's sure to end up being a hell of a tale."
"In this case, I'm inclined to agree." Smoker grunted. "But we'll learn for ourselves soon
enough. This call was mostly a status report so we could touch base before we get into our
assignments. Like I said, it should be short, no more than a couple days, but we'll be out of
contact until then."
"But once that's done, we'll have the opportunity to get in contact with you in
earnest." Tashigi promised. "Get ready, Cross, because this will be the most important
meeting of MI6 to date."
"Sounds good to me." Cross nodded solemnly. "I'll arrange matters with our other allies, and
when the time co—" Cross trailed off, stiffening in shock. "Wait a second, did you just
say Six?!"

Oh, shit, really? Did they get who I think they got?
Tashigi blinked, then prepared to answer before an impish smirk slowly spread across her
face. "You know what, Cross?" she simpered sweetly. "I think that this
time, I'll leave you with the unanswered questions. Buh-Bye!"
"What are you—?! NonononoWAI—!" *KA-LICK*
I cackled as Cross blinked slowly, processing what just happened. "Damn." he sighed
wearily. "Beaten at my own game. And by her, of all people! Could this—aaand I'm stopping
right there." he declared in a suddenly cheerful tone as he shot to his feet. "Because I have no
desire to suffer! Well, if you'll excuse me—!"
He made to stride out of the house we were in, only for a hand to immediately clamp down
on his shoulder. "Did you honestly think I'd forget about this much money?" Nami asked in
an honestly insulted tone.
"WERE YOU SERIOUSLY LEAVING ME TO HER MERCY?!" Soundbite howled
indignantly.
"...every sapient for himself?" Cross whimpered pitifully through the tears cascading down
his face. "And honestly, I was hopeful that, with how rich we are, and the fact that I'm
responsible for it, the two events would even one another out?"
There was a moment of tense silence as Nami thought it over, before the storm of her Eisen
Tempo dissipated and she patted his shoulder with a chuckle. "Alright, Cross, alright, I'll foot
the bill out of our coffers. Given how much we have, even with what we'll be paying Franky
once Sodom and Gomorrah are ready to set out, it's not really that much in the long run."
Cross heaved a sigh of relief, then she patted him on the shoulder again and walked past him.
"I'll just do one thing once all's said and done." she stated with a raised finger.
"And… that would be?" Cross asked with dread.
Nami turned on her heel, and gave him the most innocent and simultaneously evil smile ever.
"I'll put it all on your ta—"
"No, you won't." I stated firmly, grabbing both their attention. "Instead, I'm going to cover the
expenses, because I can make it back easy with a single day's work robbing the Government.
If that."
"Awww, but Dar-linggg…!" Nami whined.
"But nothing. You need to stop trying to put our crewmates into debt with you. It's a
problem."
"It's literally only been Zoro and Cross!"

"Psh. Only, she says." Cross muttered.
"Zip it, budget deficit!" Nami snapped.
"Nami."
The redhead pouted. "Oh, fine!" She huffed and turned away.
Cross sighed in relief, moving to retrieve Soundbite. "Thank you, Evan. So much."
I waved him off. "Yeah, sure. You owe me, though."
The loudmouth whirled on me. "But didn't you just say—?!"
"A favor. Jackass."
Cross blinked dumbly. "Ah. Fair enough."

Chapter 51: Return to Water 7, Part II
Chapter Notes

Me: *looks up* ...huh. It's been a hot minute since I've updated, hasn't it? I wonder how
long exactly I've—? A MONTH?! ...oops.
Jeff Goldblum: ..."Oops"? What does that mean?
Me: *rapidly grabs keyboard* No, I-I've got it, I'll just cook something up real quick...!
Jeff 'David Levinson' Goldblum: Yeah, I get it, but what I'm saying, uh... what do you
mean, saying "Oops" there?
Me: *grinning* What do you say we try and get this story rolling again, huh?
Jeff 'Uh' Goldbloom: Yes, yes. Yes, without the 'Oops".

After that came a checking-in with our other allies, like Foxy and Apoo (who had met up
with and figured each other out fairly quickly). But more importantly, Bartolomeo, who told
us of how he diverted Akainu from Enies Lobby for us. He'd taken a page from my book and
attacked a Celestial Dragon pleasure cruiser, punched out the dickhead on board (that was
actually Gin, who'd ended up joining his crew, good for him), and then called and taunted the
Five Elders themselves.
They booked it to the Calm Belt, and ended up running right into the Kuja Pirates. Luckily,
he'd made it clear his loyalties lay with us, and that caused him and his crew to be spared and
secretly allied, due to the Gorgon Sisters being fans of the SBS. Thus Boa Marigold, who'd
stayed behind to wait for contact, will be joining in on our big group meeting coming up
soon.
Things picked up on the afternoon of the second day after Enies Lobby as we settled about,
Luffy sleep-eating, Merry lamenting her temporary semi-helplessness, Robin pulling a prank
on Vivi. Good times. Then the Navy showed up.
Story of our lives, right?
However, we didn't even have to worry, as it was Garp the Hero, here in Water 7 'on
vacation', visiting his grandson. He had the audacity to show up in the tackiest tourist getup
ever. All his subordinates were all dressed that way as well, hilariously enough. If anyone
didn't know Luffy is Garp's grandson, they sure as hell knew after he woke our Captain with
his patented 'Fist of Love'. From there, he gave Cross a sharp blow for his snark, and gave the
rest of us a lecture on the balance of the Three Great Powers, the Yonko, etc. Got a cool

showing from our Ship's Guard briefly throwing down with Koby and Helmeppo.
Naturally, Garp was just enough of a moron to blow the whistle on their familial connection
with Dragon. Cross tried to stop him in the usual manner (Transceiver Foghorn), but even
after being warned, he still blurted it out over the SBS that Cross had started just as Garp
arrived. Equally stupidly, however, Cross went and called Dragon 'one of the greatest heroes
in the world' right to Garp's face.
The big-mouth bastard was only spared from a full body cast by Merry putting on the
'innocent little sister' act to throw Garp the hell off… and then, when his back was turned, she
did the most hilarious thing in the world and sank her teeth into his ass like a damn cobra and
refused to let go. Everyone, from Straw Hat to Water 7 Native to Marine, were falling over
each other, laughing our sorry asses off. Even with Soundbite muting the SBS temporarily,
the rumor mill would ensure that Garp would never live this down.
After Merry revealed her true identity and allegiance, the crew stood defiantly in unison
against Garp's fury, making him back down as he likely got some deja-vu to his days dealing
with the Roger Pirates. Then Vivi and Cross finessed a little bit of lore about her Sovereign's
Will ability out of him, before he finally resolved to enjoy his vacation in Water 7… for a
moment, anyway.
"*Puru Puru Puru Puru!*"
"Call on the direct line from Marineford for you, Vice-Admiral." Bogard, Garp's second,
deadpanned as he withdrew a Transponder Snail from his coat.
Garp stiffened fearfully, knocking his shades askew in the process. "As I was saying, I'm
going right back to my ship and setting off for Marineford right as soon as my men are
finished with their shore leave!" he bit out hastily, spinning on his heel and striding out of the
building as fast as he could. Then he paused just outside and turned back round, arms crossed
and head bowed.
"Then again… I suppose that while I have this opportunity… so long as my voice has
even half a chance of reaching my idiot son… then this just has to be said."
Everyone fell silent in anticipation…
"GET A JOB!"
*WHAM*
Most of the room face-faulted in response. I really should've expected something like that
from someone with the family name of 'Monkey'.
"Eh…?" Cross uttered in confusion. "Did you not hear that little speech I made earlier?
About him freeing the world from tyranny and all that?"
Garp snorted out a burst of steam from his nostrils. "THAT'S A HOBBY!"

"Oooof course." Cross groaned, hanging his head in defeat. "What the hell was I thinking?"
"Well, that's it, then." Garp spun around again and legitimately booked it, his soldiers moving
out of his path. "SAFE TRAVELS!"
We all stared silently after him before Luffy grinned at Koby. "So! What's new with you?"
As everyone else's attentions turned elsewhere, I continued to stare after Garp, before slowly
slipping away and vanishing under No Face May King. I tracked Garp with my senses, using
Shunpo to close the distance. In time, I arrived at his warship, slowly making my way to his
office. The door wasn't even shut all the way, likely in his haste. I slipped in just as he hung
up the snail.
"Urrrgh…" the man grumbled. "What a pain in my ass."
"Bosses, amiright?"
I was very delighted as I watched Monkey D. Garp yelp in shock before turning, ready to
slime out whatever enemy thought they could sneak attack a Vice-Admiral, then freezing
upon catching sight of me.
"Butcher Blade?! How the fuck did you manage to sneak up on me?" he demanded. "My
Observation should've sensed you coming."
I smirked cheekily, tapping the side of my head. "Trade secret. Just wanted to get a few more
words in with you while I still could."
"Tch. Cocky brat." He relaxed his stance, crossing his arms at me. "Well, what do you wanna
talk about, huh?"
My expression turned serious. "So, you're aware of how Cross has all sorts of 'impossible
knowledge', right?"
"Considering what he broadcasted about Impel Down? No shit."
"Well, as it turns out… I not only have the same knowledge… but mine goes further. Both
forwards… and backwards."
Garp quirked an eyebrow. "What the hell are you on abou—?"
"God Valley."
The Vice-Admiral choked a moment, eyes nearly bugging out of his head.
"Funny how you're so upset with your son for taking the path he did… when you're the one
who enabled it. Giving him the key to break out of the cell they threw him in… for having
the audacity to have a heart and not condone the sick 'game' the shitheel World Nobles were

putting on."
Garp… actually flinched. Minutely, but he flinched nonetheless.
"You fought side by side with Roger to stop Xebec's brainwashed rampage… you saw
the thing that turned him. You know it pulls the strings in the shadows. And yet you still
serve the Navy anyway."
The man growled, then sighed explosively. "I go with my gut, do what I feel is right, that is
my Justice. I know how hypocritical I can get, believe me… but for all the corruption in the
Navy, we still do plenty of good across the seas. Dealing with the typical kind of pirates.
That's all there is to it."
"Mmmhh." I grunted noncommittally. "Convenient when it suits you, I'm sure."
"Heh, you sound a bit like Caulder now."
I blinked in surprise. "You know—?" I smack my forehead. "What am I saying, of course you
know each other, duh. But, what about Caulder?"
"Well, right after you gave him a good wallop back at Enies, he came to talk to me. Asked me
questions about our convictions and shit. Told him more or less what I told you. Said he'd
follow my example as long as he could, whatever that means."
I nodded. "Makes sense. He hates the Revolutionaries as much as you seem to, in spite of
their goals to destroy tyranny."
Garp scoffed. "Well of course he does! They're the reason his daughter is dead. Doesn't
matter how much 'good' they do, he's a father who lost his little girl. Not very reasonable
there, see?"
"Fair enough." I shrugged. "But that does beg a question…"
"What now?"
"If things come down to it… and you're faced with the impossible decision… What will you
decide is more important to you? Your duty… or your family?" Garp stiffened.
"Your only family, who still hold love for you in spite of everything."
The Vice-Admiral stood there for a minute, just thinking. Finally, he snorted out another burst
of steam. "If I ever find the answer to that question, I'll be sure to let you know. Annoying
brat."
"Find it fast. You never know when you'll find yourself facing the question again. In finality."
Garp waved me off. "Yeah, yeah. Now get the hell out of here, before I decide to do my job
and arrest you, pirate scum."

I smirked sardonically. "Whatever you say, ya filthy Whitehat." With a flourish of my cloak, I
turned and walked out the door. Once out of his sight, I put my hood up and vanished.
Predictably, Garp came out and tried looking for me, only to get frustrated and go back in.
From there, I vanished into the city, taking my time getting back via the scenic route. A stop
here and there to grab a thing or two, the usual. Then suddenly, and without warning, idly
reaching out with my reikaku for practice caused me to pick up a frighteningly familiar
signature, right next to Cross and Soundbite. I rushed at my top speed, and found where they
stood not terribly far from our impromptu HQ. Cross, ironically, looked rather cross… and
Kuzan didn't appear to be combative, but seemed slightly taken aback. I landed right between
them, taking both by surprise.
"Cross. Soundbite. Kuzan." I intoned, my hand firmly on Zangetsu's hilt, ready to draw at any
moment. "Do we have a problem here?"
Cross snorted firmly. "Nope. Just an exchange of words, nothing to worry about." He turned
his attention back to the Admiral. "Your debt is paid and you're no longer welcome here.
Mark my words, Icehole: if you ever come near my sister again, I will end you."
He turned to walk away, and I shrugged and moved to join him.
"Hold it."
Before stopping as that frosty voice spoke up again.
"Before you go… I've got two messages for you. First, for Nico Robin, tell her…" Aokiji
hesitated for a moment before sighing in defeat. "Tell her that Saul's hat suits her."
I rolled my eyes. "Yeah, that much is obvious. What's the other?"
"Marshal D. Teach."
My eyes felt like they nearly pulled off the Looney Tunes 'pop-out-the-head' as we both
swiveled to face Aokiji in shock.
"You know of him." he deduced. "Good, that makes it easier. Allow me to be as clear as I
possibly can: that man… he's dangerous. In ways that neither of you can even begin to
contemplate." Aokiji narrowed his eyes. "Beware the Blackbeard Pirates. Beware
Blackbeard."
And just like that, he left us where we stood.
My heartbeat thundered in my ears as the implications crashed down on me. I barely even
heard Cross' horrific mutter of "Ace." before he took off sprinting for the HQ. I barely shook
off the panic attack I was having and followed right after, hopping the rooftops to get there.
As I arrived, I saw Cross bodily tackle Luffy, snatching the Straw Hat from his head in the
process. He rifled through it, and let out a victorious shout as he found what he was looking
for—

"BASTARD!"
*CRACK*
"GARGH!"
Just in time for Luffy to sucker punch him square in the nose, right into a wall. It would've
been hilarious, were it not for the situation at hand.
"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING, CROSS?!" Luffy roared at the Commie. "YOU
STOLE MY HAT AND YOU MADE ME CHOKE ON MY MEAT!"
"Grgrggghhh… gimme a second to stop seeing double and I'll tell you." he groaned. As he
recovered, he brought the paper in front of his eyes… and began laughing euphorically at the
same time as relief flooded my everything, and I fell to my knees. I let out the breath I'd been
holding as I beheld Ace's vivre card completely intact.
"Ah, Cross?" Luffy puzzled. "What's so funny?"
"PFFHAHAHAHAHA! Funny? Funny?!" He choked out, getting to his feet. "No no, not
funny, HAPPY! Happy because we've won! AGAIN! A gamble I worried about above all
others, a last ditch throw whose outcome I doubted every step of the way, and it just hit on all
sixes! We won we won WE WOOON! PFFHAHAHAHAHAAAAA!!"
"Eeeehhh…" Luffy head-tilted in confusion. "I don't get it."
"PFFHAHAHA!" Cross crowed ecstatically, slinging his arm around Luffy's shoulders,
returning the Vivre Card. "There's nothing to get, mon ami! Right now, all we gotta do is
what we've been doing up until now: celebrate! Eat, drink, and above all else, be as merry as
possible!"
"OI!"
*THWACK*
I snickered as I watched a crutch bounce off the loudmouth's skull. "Strike a nerve, did he?" I
asked.
"YER DARN RIGHT HE DID!" Merry crowed from atop the head of the recently-returned
Sodom, grinning like a lunatic. "AFTER ALL, THERE AIN'T NO OTHER MERRY IN THE
SIX BLUE SEAS BUT ME! Now, if you'll excuse me!" Before anyone could stop her, the
girl-ship leapt off the King-Bull's head with a whoop. "CANNONBAAAALL!"
"YAHOO! WAIT FOR ME!" Luffy shouted, slipping easily from Cross' arm and followed his
fellow hammer into the pool.
"YOU IDIOTS!" Most of our crew howled indignantly after them, several of our non-

hammers going in after them. To rescue or properly drown them, one or the other.
"Heheheh… always mindless good fun, right boys?" Robin chuckled, offering a pair of
drinks to us that we accepted.
"And we wouldn't have it any other way, would we." Cross agreed, taking a deep sip from the
glass before giving her an angelic smile. "Oh, and by the way, if you drugged this too, you'll
wake up tomorrow morning with your hair pinker than Reiju's."
Robin's own smile remained fixed even as she tilted her head to the side. "Dearest brother, I
feel it is only fair to warn you that if I wind up pink, you wind up bald."
"Bah-hahahaha! Nothing like a little sibling-style Mutually Assured Destruction!" I bantered.
"Is there no better way to prevent war?" Soundbite cackled in agreement.
"If there is, I've yet to hear it." Robin shrugged helplessly, taking a sip of her own drink. "So
then. To confirm, your knowledge of the future… you got it from… a book?"
"Ehhh…" I hesitated. "A book-slash-video series, but… yeah." I downed my drink in one go.
"Multiverse theory's a bitch."
Cross hid a grimace via his own glass. "Yeah, trust me, we've seen ripples as it is, and after
today and Enies, I can only imagine that it's gonna get worse going forward." Then he smiled.
"But I'm not worried. Because… earlier, when I was going insane and laughing my ass off?
That was because the worst tragedy in the coming times has just been officially averted.
Things are changing, and not all for the better, sure, but I at least managed to do that right!
And… even if something does come our way, a problem I didn't foresee, some foe ready to
crush us all…" He looked up, enjoying the sight of our friends partying it up. "Then… I trust
that this crew can handle them, no matter what!"
"Hear-hear!" I cheered, raising my empty glass.
"Hmmm…" Robin hummed, contemplating the little speech. She then shrugged it off and
smiled again. "Well, if that's the case, I suppose I'll just have to follow your leads, now won't
I?"
"Oh, by the way," I added as I remembered. "Kuzan sends his regards. Don't worry, though,
you won't be seeing him again."
"Not if he knows what's good for him, at any rate…" Cross grumbled with a scowl.
Robin blinked in confusion before frowning and tugging sharply on Cross' cheek. "I know
I'm not terribly well-versed in such matters, but unless my memory of the many books I've
read over the years fails me, it's the older sibling who protects the younger, correct?"
"Aw, c'mon!" Cross snickered, ignoring the grip. "We've never been even remotely close to
conventional in the past, why start now, ne?"

Robin glared a little longer before looking away with a huff, pouting. "Maybe so, but it's still
embarrassing…"
As we laughed at Robin's adorable pout, we were treated to the sight of Luffy running in
terror as Merry tried desperately to get a 'taste' of The Straw Hat.
"Still, getting back on topic…" Robin continued. "I must admit, some of the less savory
adjustments aside, it's truly wonderful that you found a means through which to save Merry.
I'm glad that I didn't have to suffer such a horrendous blight on the best day of my life."
"Heh. No chance of that happening either way, Robin." Cross chuckled as he waved her off.
"I got desperate enough to save her en-route to Enies that I appealed to the omnipotent asshat
that dropped me here for a mulligan on saving her. It gave me her fruit in return for the
entertainment I just gave it -though I would have still done it anyways, bastards deserved it
for the hell they put you through- but if the fruit didn't work, it still gave us one last Hail
Mary to make use of."
"Oh?" Robin cocked an eyebrow, making to take another sip of her drink. "Now that I think
about it, I do recall Boss saying he was surprised about how one of you was willing to accept.
What was the proposal?"
Cross and I smirked as the loudmouth subtly took out a Vision Dial.
"Oh, you know…" I shrugged nonchalantly. "Nothing serious, just… instantaneous gender
reassignment."
"PFFFT!"
I grinned harder as Cross managed to immortalize a genuine spit-take from Nico Robin. Once
she finished clearing her airways, she pinned us with a glare, but then her eyes widened as
she realized we weren't kidding about that. She stared a few seconds longer, then she bowed
her head, tilting her hat to cover her face.
We were a little concerned when she began to shake, then we heard it. She started slowly,
then suddenly, and without warning, 'Devil Child' Nico Robin, the Demon of Ohara…
"DERESHISHISHI! DERESHISHISISHISHIIII!"
Flung her head back and began to laugh her guts out, tears of mirth flowing from her eyes as
she struggled to remain upright from laughing so hard.
We stood there for a moment, blinking in shock as we processed this unprecedented moment.
Then Cross snapped off another photo for this moment, and after that?
"PFFHAHAHA! PFFHAHAHAHAHAAA!
/ HEEHEEHEEHEEhoohoohooHAHAHAAAA! / BAH-HAHAHAHAHAAAA!!"

We joined right in. I mean, what else was there to do? Hell, we'd've kept going for a long
while if we didn't get suddenly interrupted.
"HOOHOOHOO—huh?" Soundbite cut himself off, cocking an eyestalk at something and
getting our attention with a shrill whistle. "Hey, sorry to interrupt, but FYI? YOU'RE NOT
THE ONLY SHUTTERBUG AT THIS SHINDIG. SOMEBODY'S SNAPPING SHOTS OF
OUR FRIENDS."
"Oh, is that right?" I queried in amusement. "Sounds like Jimmy Scoops has found us. You
know what that means…"
"Hell yeah." Cross nodded firmly. "Time to strike a pose! I suggest you do the same, Robin!"
"...eh?" she blinked in confusion.
"What, you think I'm actually gonna stop him?" Cross scoffed incredulously. "Please, if not
today, then we'll get our snapshots tomorrow. That's a fact, and not even I can stop it. As
such…" Cross snapped up a thumbs-up. "I'm making sure that my anonymity dies on my
terms, and not by candid camera! Get my drift?"
I nodded. "He's right, you know."
Robin stared silently before shrugging with a weary-yet-fond sigh. "I don't know what else I
was expecting."
"Me neither. Now, if you'll excuse me—!" Cross suddenly broke into a sprint, dashing over to
the nearest table and leaping onto it, jerking his transceiver's mic from the cradle. "LADIES
AND GENTLEMEN THE WORLD OVER, IF I MAY HAVE YOUR ATTENTION
PLEASE!" he called out, hand raised high, gathering the attention of the majority of the
party. "AS YOU ALREADY KNOW, I'M JEREMIAH CROSS!"
"AND I'M SOUNDBITE!" the snail concurred.
"AND AS YOU ALSO KNOW, IT'S ONCE AGAIN TIME—!"
"TO START THE SBS!" the crowd roared.
Cross shook it off quickly. "ANYWAY! NOW THAT OUR GOOD CAPTAIN IS AWAKE
—!"
"HELP!" the rubberman cried out as he ran past, Merry still clinging to his neck. "OUR SHIP
IS TRYING TO EAT MY HAT!"
"JUST LET ME LICK IT ALREADY, DAMN IT!"
Cross shuddered. "Trust me, it sounds even worse out of context… BUT ANYWAY, SEEING
AS LUFFY'S AWAKE, WE'VE DECIDED TO THROW THE PARTY OF A LIFETIME TO
COMMEMORATE… PRETTY MUCH EVERYTHING WE'VE ACCOMPLISHED, AND

YOU'RE ALL INVITED! AS SUCH…" He spread his arms invitingly. "IT DOESN'T
MATTER IF YOU RESIDE IN THE HEIGHTS OF HEAVEN!"
"OR DWELL WITHIN THE DEPTHS OF HELL!"
He snapped his finger down, pointing directly at where Jimmy Scoops and grinned.
"ALL AT ONCE, RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW!" Soundbite and Cross roared in tandem.
"LET'S ROCK!"
I joined in with the rest of the party as we roared our approval all at once.
"COME ON GUYS, SOMEONE HELP—! Oh, hey, Cross, is that a sword on your back?"
Luffy stopped mid-run in front of Cross, pointing out… that is a very familiar sword.
"Oh yeah, I almost forgot! HEY GUYS, GUESS WHAT!" Cross called out, garnering the
crew's attention as he drew the sword and tossed it behind his shoulder…
"BAROOOH!"
"WOOHOO! He cheered as Funkfreed grabbed Cross with his trunk, lifting him up and onto
the pachyderm's back. "I GOT AN ELEPHANT! SAY HELLO TO MY NEW SWORD,
FUNKFREED!"
"Hiya, guys!" the elephant-sword greeted in the voice of Mickey Mouse.
I was unable to hear the others' reactions, as I was too busy rolling on the floor, laughing my
sorry ass off.
God Bless this completely insane crew. And God Bless this wacky-ass world!

~BtWwG~

And so the partying continued, equally rambunctious from beginning to end. Usopp sang his
victory songs, Oimo and Kashi had a meat-eating contest with Luffy, and Funkfreed
cannonballed into the pool to revenge-splash the TDWS. Nothing but the best.
But all good things must come to an end, the dying embers of barbecues, partygoers knocked
into food comas for the night, etc. However, my party night came to an end a fair bit earlier

than others, when Robin slipped me a note from Nami asking me to meet her in the Tent
(which I'd set up earlier in the night). I eventually begged off from the still-active
celebrations and made my way to my magically-induced dimensionally transcendental abode.
After zipping up the door, I moved toward the curtains that separated the 'master bedroom'
from the rest of the tent-home. "Hellooo, Lover." I purred, pushing aside the curtain as I
entered… only to freeze solid at the unexpected sight inside.
On the bed was Nami, naturally… but also Reiju. And they were both in naught but their
silky lace underwear.
And they were also, rather passionately, making out.
That was the part that was breaking my brain in particular. I snapped out of my stupor when I
tasted something metal, raising a hand to my face and finding that, yes, I was having a
nosebleed. 'Huh. That's a first.'
"Bwahah?" I blurted intelligently.
The two women ceased sucking face, a thin strand of saliva briefly connecting them, before
they turned to face me with matching smiles. "Well, it's about time you got here." Nami
purred.
"We got impatient and ended up getting started without you." Reiju concurred.
My mouth opened and closed as I failed to override my horny lizard-brain. "...I could use
some context right now. I know neither of you would ever betray me in any way, and the way
you speak implies you mean to include me, so… yeah. Explain please?"
The pair of vixens giggled enchantingly. "Let's just say that I have one more thing to thank
Kalifa for after that stress-scrubbing she gave me." Nami began. "Less hesitant about doing
things… and finally able to get over my being in denial."
"Denial?"
The redhead smiled at me. "I'm Bi, Darling."
"I thought that was pretty obvious, myself." Reiju admitted with a shrug.
I thought back to several moments on our journey. "...I mean, I suspected as much, but I
didn't exactly want to assume."
Nami grinned lasciviously. "Well, when Reiju flirted with me again earlier, I found myself
flirting back… and eventually I thought, why don't we give her what she's been after for so
long?"
"I… yeah, I see what you mean now…" I admitted, still working through the suddenness of
everything.

Reiju frowned. "I mean… we would have asked if you were ok with this, but we were kinda
going for a surprise, so…"
Nami winced. "Now that I think about it…"
I shook myself like a wet dog, trying to get my thought processes back in order. "No no, it's
alright! Mostly. I suppose you did guess right, I'm… on board with this. And while part of me
does wish we'd talked about it, I do appreciate the surprise. Besides…" I grinned at them.
"Not exactly gonna turn down having two women in bed with me, yaknow?"
Reiju and Nami smiled back. "Well, that's good to hear." the redhead gushed. "Still, we're
gonna have to be twice as careful tonight, with twice the women to avoid knocking up."
I shrugged dismissively. "Not really, ever since I rolled my Fertility Calibration, that
particular problem is officially a non-issue."
The two women stared blankly for a few moments. "Darling…" Nami spoke in an odd tone.
"When, exactly, did you get this new thing of which you speak?"
I cocked an eyebrow. "Right before we left the Franky House after negotiations. My
swimmers have been offline ever since."
My girlfriend then smiled beatifically, yet her aura seemed to convey the opposite. "And why,
pray tell, am I only hearing about this now?"
I blinked in confusion for a moment, then fixed her with a deadpan look. "Because,
Sweetheart… in case you'd forgotten, almost immediately after that, we had to deal with a
series of incredibly important events, back to back to back. Remember?"
Nami had the good grace to look sheepish. "That is… entirely fair. Withdrawn."
"So let me get this straight…" Reiju began. "As of this moment, you quite literally cannot get
us pregnant unless you want to?"
I snapped a finger at her. "Exacta!"
Just then, Reiju and Nami shared a look… and a pair of Su-worthy vulpine grins spread
across their faces, and they turned a look upon me that appeared… hungry.
"Strip." They ordered in unison. "NOW."
"Yes'm." I rapidly began shucking off my clothing, tossing it into an impromptu pile. "The
things I do for love…" I muttered with a grin.
"Hurry up!"
"Yeah yeah, I'm coming…"

"Oh, you will be… you will."

Tucker: Bow-Chicka-Bow-Wow!
Me: Fuck off, Lavernius, they get it already! Anyway, dropping another chapter
tomorrow. Hopefully the update gap after that won't be a month this time! Aheh...

Chapter 52: Return to Water 7, Part III
Obviously, we didn't get to sleep for a while, but when we did, we didn't end up getting
enough before we got woken by Vivi irately telling us that Cross needed us. Reiju got to
return to dreamland while Nami and I, as co-Second Mates, had to get up and see what's what
along with Zoro, Vivi and Merry.
Turns out, he'd just received a delivery from a News-Coo, containing a newspaper that
declared that CP9 had effectively been issued a Burn Notice by the Gov't. Names, faces,
aliases, capabilities… all soon to be spread across the oceans. What's more, they were on
their way by Water 7 soon, hiking their way across the sea train tracks to find another island
for their more injured members to recuperate.
Thus we went to intercept them at Blue Station for a wee chat. And I meant a chat since, as
Cross ended up stating to the assassins, they technically aren't our enemies anymore. We gave
them the news that they were as good as Disavowed, and Cross tossed them the severance
pay for the former Galley-La members from Iceburg, as well as a particular snail number that
would, if they so chose, lead them to work for our Marine Integrity allies.
Kaku proceeded to cuss out Cross to an impressive degree, and then they left. They did not,
however, toss the snail number, meaning odds were good. After that, we took in and enjoyed
the sun rising on Water 7 together, before we all returned to HQ to get some more sleep.
And by 'we', I mean Nami and I crawled back into bed with Reiju and Vivi and Merry went to
do whatever, but Cross and Soundbite got dragged off to train by Zoro (and Leo) to get him
in proper form to wield a sword like Funkfreed rather than the destroyed shock baton he'd
been used to.
Eventually, we got back up later to join our crew, and Reiju decided to stir up trouble by
insisting that her legs wouldn't obey her. Considering that Nami was doing… mostly fine, I
didn't believe her, but I did end up carrying her out of the tent on my back, in full view of
everyone. Most just smiled knowingly or ignored it. But not—
"Shitty Cleaver…" Sanji fumed, his cigarette tip catching fire. "Care to tell me why, exactly,
you're carrying my sister on your back, coming out of your shitty sex tent?!"
As I found a good place to set my impromptu passenger down, Reiju's delightfully content
expression turned into a glare at her blond-haired little brother. "Because I fucked him,
Sanji." she stated firmly, causing some of the others to stumble at the sudden directness.
Myself included. "Nami too. The three of us fucked good and hard last night. Honestly, it
was the best I've ever had, too. And I will do it again, if I so wish. Get the fuck over it."
Nobody said a word, or anything else. Aside from Nami, who did her best to hide her
snickers. Sanji stood there, face slack as he tried to process not only that his big sister was
intimate with two of his crewmates, but that one of them was Nami-swan and all the

implications therein. "I am… conflicted…" he uttered tonelessly.
"So long as you can keep functioning, be as conflicted as you like." Reiju replied with no
sympathy, suddenly getting down off my back and taking a seat herself, seemingly satisfied
with the chaos she'd briefly wrought.
"Soooo…" Usopp hedged nervously. "You're, what? Making a small harem, or something?"
"Oh no, not at all!" Reiju insisted. "I'm not trying to complicate Nami and Evan's relationship
more than necessary. I'll look for a proper relationship with god-knows-who later in life.
Right now, I'll just settle for being their sidepiece!"
"Ohhh… wait, Nami's sidepiece, or Evan's?"
Reiju smirked deviously. "Yes."
I glanced at Nami, and she just shrugged helplessly.
Later, when Cross and company returned from their business, most of us had settled into
milling about. Then he showed off the sheaf of Bounty Posters in his hand, setting everyone
off differently. Luffy, Merry, Raphey, Mikey, Chopper and (surprisingly) Usopp, were overtly
enthusiastic about them. Most of the rest of us were rather calm about it (compared to the
first group), and were even betting on what their numbers were. The last group was only
Nami, Carue and Donny, who were all lamenting the incoming news.
Cross began by going over the bounties of our competition, starting with Barto. Or should I
say, 'Black Bart' Bartolomeo (so much better than his canon 'the Cannibal' moniker. And
piratically topical!) He got landed with ฿350 Million, due to getting the credit for Gin
punching out Saint Whatshisfuck. 'Surgeon of Death' Trafalgar D. Water Law only got the
higher ฿375 Million due to having a head start. Beyond his taking over an entire Marine Base
and playing Jenga with the bodies of the soldiery alongside 'The Glutton' Jewelry Bonney,
who now had ฿235 Million on her head.
Then came the jackass himself, Eustass 'Captain' Kid (and what kind of lame epithet was
that? Obviously he's a Captain, so why—?), with ฿400 Million for a bounty, achieved for his
sheer brutality and, this time round, for attaching a Marine training camp. Heh, asshole nearly
paid for it since a retired Admiral was teaching there. Oddly enough, his First Mate,
'Massacre Soldier' Killer, didn't end up achieving his canon ฿100 Million bounty. Not that it
makes him less dangerous, mind.
Then there were 'The Magician' Basil Hawkins, ฿255 Million, and 'Red Flag' X Drake, ฿266
Million, who also teamed up, but to hit a Warlord. They didn't win, but they made it out alive
at least. Apoo apparently left out how he teamed up with the Great Kung-Fu Fleet to take
down a Navy Task Force, earning him a bounty of ฿250 Million. 'Mad Monk' Urouge,
meanwhile, got himself a bounty of ฿186 Million by doing… unspeakable things on a resort
island his crew had landed at. I mean, really, what the fuck, dude?

"Lastly, we have Capone 'Gang' Bege: ฿277 Million." Cross explained. "Stereotypical mafia
boss: father to his men, smart enough to know when to fold 'em. But if we end up fighting,
there's nobody in the world to whom the label 'one-man army' applies to quite like him. And
he… uh…" Cross paused, reading over the bounty poster again before glancing up in
confusion. "Ah… anybody heard of Fort Lumose? It doesn't fall under my purview of
knowledge."
"It's the World Government's main gold storage for the Grand Line, renowned for its high
value and even higher security." Nami swiftly answered. Then a glazed look fell over her
eyes and she drooled a little. "It's also the wet dream for many a thief over the years, myself
included…"
"Huh…" Cross looked over the poster again before proffering it to Nami. "Welp, I guess
Bege is living that dream, because he somehow managed to clean the place out."
"WHAT?!" Nami and I squawked in unison as she all but ripped the poster from Cross'
hands.
"Robbed the place blind in all the confusion." Cross nodded in confirmation. "And knowing
what I do of his powers, I've got a fairly good idea of how he did it, too."
"Son of a BITCH!" I shouted in frustration. "That shitty-timing gangster! I was gonna rob the
fucking place now that I have the factory going strong!" I sat back and pouted. "It woulda
been the ultimate heist of 'Robin Hood', too…"
Nami stared at the paper blankly for a second longer before… looking up with a blush? "I
am… severely conflicted…"
Everyone turned their gazes on me simultaneously. Meanwhile I… merely smirked amusedly.
"I'll try not to be jealous…" I uttered teasingly.
Nami blushed a little harder as she looked at me with a horrified expression. "N-N-No, I
um… Darling, I d-didn't mean…!"
My smirk turned to a grin. "It's fine, it's fine." I calmed her. "It's just a little crush. We all
have those."
Nami did calm down, but then raised an eyebrow at me. "Oh? Even you?"
I thought about it, and my mind immediately went to Yamato. "Yeah, kinda." I shrugged.
Nami just rolled her eyes.
Silence remained until Luffy clapped his hands for attention. "Alright, that was cool and we'll
keep an eye out for those guys, but if that's everything, then I wanna get to our bounties!" he
exclaimed eagerly.
"Cross nodded. "Alright, alright, I'm pretty eager too. So, without further ado? Let's start at

the tippy top…" He laid down a poster with a familiar grinning face. "With our very own
Captain 'Straw Hat' Monkey D. Luffy."
"Woohoo, it went up!" Luffy cheered with his fists raised. Indeed it had, from the canon 300
to ฿475 Million.
"Damn right, Caps." Cross nodded firmly. "Heck, you've even managed to top
the Warlords. All of them, as far as I know. They reeeaaally want you dead!"
"Shishishi! Awesome!"
"Next up, our first mate, 'Pirate Hunter' Roronoa Zoro. Originally, your bounty doubled to
฿120 Million, entrenching you as the lowest-rated of the Supernovas. And now…" He laid
out the poster. "You're second lowest, at ฿150."
"Tsk." Zoro grumbled past his wide grin. "So unless the shit-chef has less than 75 Million,
then I lost the bet… eh, what the hell." He began stretching his arms. "It's good impromptu
training anyways. Bring it on."
"Suicidal morons…" Nami groaned, digging the heel of her hand into her forehead. "Screw
it, in for a beri… you're running down the ranks, so may as well keep going. Go ahead, rip it
off like a bandaid. Tell me just how dead I am."
"Geez, Sweetheart, what happened to all the confidence you've had lately?" I teased. "What's
a bounty compared to all the B.S. we've faced recently?"
"That bounty is proof that more of that 'B.S.' is going to happen, and especially to me!"
"Well, little miss Second Mate," Cross continued. "You have gone from 'Cat Burglar' Nami,
worth a pittance of ฿16 Million to…" He slapped the poster down on the table… and stared
in shock with the rest of us. "My mistake, Zoro. You're not the second-lowest ranked
Supernova. You're the third."
We all looked at the poster whose picture was a long-range shot of Nami standing on Merry's
deck, Clima-Tact planted at her side and her thunderous Eisen Cloud wrapped around her like
some kind of aura, with traces of lightning in the air. 'Weather Witch' Seidler D. Nami, ฿125
Million.
"And along with Bartolomeo…" Reiju mused thoughtfully. "It looks like we have at
least fourteen Supernovas."
"Well shit…" Cross blurted. "Fourteen isn't nearly as cool-sounding as Thirteen."
Nami then glared at Cross, Eisen Cloud snapping to thunderous mode. "I swear I will deck
you into next week! Let me make this easy for you: what the hell, Cross?!"
"Nami, sweetheart…" I soothed, turning her ire onto myself. "You used the Eisen Dial to fry

ten whole-ass Navy Battleships with enough voltage to power all of Water 7 fifty times over."
"I saved our lives!" Nami retorted.
"Yes you did, good point. However, counterpoint: Ten Battleships. FRIED."
She shut her mouth with an audible click, grinding her teeth, ozone beginning to filter into
the air. Then the cloud suddenly went back to normal as Nami released an explosive sigh.
"It's sad that I can't argue with that…" she muttered, pinching the bridge of her nose.
"If it's any consolation?" Robin offered in a gentle tone. "I believe it's mostly a political move
that's the fault of the World Government, rather than anything you've done. You're Second
Mate of the Straw Hat Pirates, currently among the most notorious pirates in the world. By
ranking our officers so high, the Government underlines the menace we pose as a group. It's
probably why Killer's bounty was lower than expected, to further emphasise yours and Zoro's
bounties over his own."
Nami grumbled. "Not that much of a consolation…"
"Hey, at least you didn't get tricked into posing like a centerfold this time around!" Cross
added.
"Umm…" Reiju spoke up. "Are we all failing to acknowledge a very obvious and shocking
part of the poster, or…?"
"Huh?" I took another look at the wanted poster. Nothing else seemed off. Wanted for ฿125
Million, 'Weather Witch'—
…
…OH.
"Seidler D. Nami?" Zoro questioned with a smirk. "What, you two get hitched when we
weren't looking?"
"We didn't! / Not yet!" Nami and I spoke in unison. Then we looked at one another. "Y-Yet?"
Nami uttered.
I merely blushed hard, then thought quickly about why this could be. "I mean… back on the
bridge, we had a huge PDA after you closed the Gates of Justice. Maybe they drew
conclusions based on that?"
"Betcha a Million Beri Garp might've done something to have a laugh." Cross offered.
I groaned and let my head hit the table. "Uggghhh, he would…" I sat back up again. "Fuck it.
It's not that big an issue, we'll deal with it later. Moving on?"

"Moving on." Cross agreed. "And since we've been going in order so far, here's yours…
'Butcher Blade' Seidler D. Evan." He slapped down the next poster. "฿470 Million."
"Aw, maaan…" I groused. "The increase is nice, but now I'm not matched up with our
Captain's bounty anymore."
"Says the man with two pseudonym bounties that, combining all three, make him the most
wanted man on the crew." Nami deadpanned.
I perked up. "...oh yeah. That does make me feel a little better, I suppose."
"Still say it shouldn't count…" Luffy grumbled, pouting.
"Get over it, rubberbrain."
"What about mine, Cross?" Usopp asked eagerly. "What was my old one?"
"The same starting bounty as Luffy's, ฿30 Million. But it was for the masked menace, Sniper
King, rather than you. But now—aha!" Cross yanked out the relevant poster. "Well, it is for
Sniper King, but he's not anonymous anymore. 'Sniper King' Usopp, ฿40 Million. Congrats,
my good man, on an awesome bounty and an awesome picture."
He set the poster on the table, showing the picture of Usopp standing atop the Tower of
Justice, Kabuto raised triumphantly over his head. "I have a bounty…" Usopp breathed in
awe, grinning.
"Next up…" Cross said as he fingered through the other posters. "In the story, 'Black Leg'
Sanji was renowned for being worth ฿77 Million…PFFT!" He snorted as he found what he
was looking for and I had a good idea what. "And now he'll be known the world over under
the same name, worth ฿90 Million… but your picture…" He fought to keep his snickering
under control as he held it up for Soundbite to see.
"WAHAHAHA! HOOHOOHOO HEEHEEheeeeHOOOHOHOOOO!" the snail busted out
laughing.
Su clambered over to get a look for herself, and fared no better, collapsing on the ground
laughing so hard she could barely breathe.
"What the hell's wrong with my poster, damn it!" Sanji demanded.
Cross set the wanted poster atop the rest, showing everyone the rather awful, hand-drawn
approximation of Sanji's face. The man in question had a… fairly underwhelming reaction at
first. Until he suddenly grabbed Cross by the collar and shaking him vigorously.
"≈√¡∞¢ç∫ß¥$œ¡γ¿∫‰£ç∂£‰¥!" he howled incoherently as Reiju and I began wrestling him
off of our Commie.

"IF YOU'RE LOOKING for a translation, forget it. THAT WAS ALL gibberish. AS IN,
LITERAL gibberish." Soundbite spoke up dizzily.
Sanji only snapped out of his rage after Conis picked up the poster for a closer look, and
fought to keep her laughs down. The cook simply went limp and flopped back into one of the
room's armchairs, staring vacantly up at the ceiling.
"Alright, all twisted humor aside," Vivi suggested, wincing at the picture herself. "Why don't
we go ahead and correct this? We'll just use a Vision Dial to take a better picture, contact
Smoker and—"
"NO." Cross intoned, his serious expression keeping anyone from protesting. "I won't say
much, but it is vital for our future that the world does not find out what Sanji looks like yet,
and this time I adamantly swear to you that this is not a damn joke. If things go just right, we
won't need it at all, but if anything goes wrong, then that picture will be critical in the future.
The poster stays, no matter how embarrassing it might be, at least for now."
I felt several eyes fall on me, and spoke up. "In case you're wondering, no, he's not full of
shit. It's somewhat hilarious, maybe, but… yeah, there's some serious shit banking on it." I
didn't bring it up, but I wasn't exactly sure what Judge would do if Sanji's face were
publicized early.
Sanji broke the silence by standing up and adjusting his collar uncomfortably. "...alright, I'll
trust you both on this one." he said quietly, his tone utterly subdued. "Just… keep that thing
far, far away from me."
I saw one of the posters in the remainder hanging out, and grabbed it up. "Aha, here's the next
contestant on 'The Bounty is Right!" I declared, setting it down on the table. A picture of our
Sous-Chef/Apothecary on the Bridge of Hesitation, but not the best one. Her face was mostly
obscured by the positioning of her glowing hand. 'Venomous Vixen' Reiju, Wanted for ฿90
Million.
"Hmm, not bad." she commented. "Could've used a better picture, but I can't complain." She
shot Sanji a teasing smirk. "Look, little brother, our bounty numbers match!"
"Yaaay…"
Then again, maybe I should've been concerned with what Judge may or may not do if he
definitively saw Reiju's face.
"Alright, now for the moment I've really been waiting for…" Cross said eagerly, finding the
correct poster. "Oh I am loving this so far. 'Voices of Anarchy' Jeremiah Cross and Soundbite
—"
"HEY! How come I don't get MY OWN—"
Suddenly, both of them went dead silent, just staring wide-eyed at the poster. Su clambered

onto his shoulder again to get a better look… and dropped to the floor unconscious.
"Oh for the love of you-know-who, it can't be that bad." Sanji growled, ripping the poster
from his numb hands. He then began choking as if he'd accidentally swallowed a cigarette
again, then turned the poster to the rest of usohmygod.
"...I… I can't even bring myself to feel upset about breaking 100 Million anymore." Nami
managed through an utterly dropped jaw. "This… ฿125 Million is chump change compared
to this."
"It's official… I'm no longer the most wanted man on the crew anymore." I breathed in shock.
"Words really do hit harder than anything else." Boss muttered.
"Pretty sure you don't have to worry about being counted among the Supernovas, Cross."
Zoro said, eyes still wide. "Because that… is way beyond those."
As Cross proceeded to have a more or less warranted freakout, we continued staring at the
wanted poster, the picture showing Cross and Soundbite as they were on the night of the
party, that moment where they stood on the table. 'Voices of Anarchy' Jeremiah Cross and
Soundbite: ฿1,500,000,000.
For the love of all that is holy," Cross pleaded at Robin. "Please tell me I'm not the most
wanted man in the world. Because there's being wanted, and then there's…" He gestured
helplessly at the poster.
"That title still belongs to Dragon by a fair margin, Cross, don't worry." Robin quickly
assured him.
"Yeah, man you're not even in second." I added. "That goes, posthumously anyway, to Roger
himself at ฿5,564,800,000. Then Whitebeard, Kaido, Big Mom and Shanks after that, none
of them under 4,000,000,000."
"That is the Four Emperors, dude!" Cross uttered incredulously. "That does not make me feel
better!
"Ah…" Robin winced. "If you don't like that, then I imagine you won't be happy to know that
Smoothie, Cracker and Jack were among those you bumped down a rank as well."
"Dare I ask who they are?" Cross moaned out behind his hand, massaging his face.
"Four Emperors Commanders." I replied shamelessly. "You've outdone all of them, actually.
Including Marco, Queen and King."
Past an expression of despair, Cross looked for something to say in response to that—
*BWAAAAAAAAH!*

MOTHERFUCKER! I joined everyone else in clapping hands to ears as that familiar foghorn
went off. All eyes fell on the dugong in the orange bandana, currently rolling on his shell
laughing.
"HAHAHAHAHA! That might've murdered my ears, but I've always wanted to do that!"
Mikey snickered.
"WE KNOW!" the rest of the TDWS roared.
"Hahaha… heehh…" Mikey simmered down, and faced our glares with a shrug. "Hey,
someone needed to break the mood. Cross can flip out about his… stupidly obscene bounty
on his own time, I just wanna see the rest of them ASAP! Agreed?"
Everyone, even Luffy, hesitated at that.
"…Yeah." Cross agreed, pulling himself together. "I-It's alright. I am… still reeling over the
fact that my head is likely worth a literal king's ransom… but I can deal with that later. For
now?" He picked up and shuffled through the last of the posters. "Let's move on and give
everyone else their limelight!"
"Yeah!" Soundbite nodded eagerly. "PERSONALLY? I'M HAPPY! THAT'S A DOUBLEBOUNTY! I'M THE MOST WANTED SNAIL in the world! I'm content, so let's get back
to it!"
Cross looked down at the foremost poster, and smirked evilly. "Hey, Cottontail!" he called
out.
Su snapped out of her grogginess to snarl at him. "I put up with that from the slimeball and
Conis, but who the blue hell gave you permission to call me that?"
"The World Government." Cross snickered. "Congratulations, it's your official epithet now!"
"Su stiffened, jaw dropping in shock. "I… I actually have a bounty?"
"Really?!" Conis gasped in agreement.
"Yup! Matter of fact… you're worth 2000 times what Chopper was!"
'Oh, you cheeky asshole…'
"Really?!" Chopper gasped, snapping into Heavy Point to look over Cross' shoulder. "Let me
see, let me see!"
"Same here, same here!" Su squealed, clambering onto Chopper's shoulder this time to look
at the poster eagerly… before bristling furiously. "'COTTONTAIL' SU WORTH A MEASLY
฿100,000?! 'PET'?! I'M GOING TO CLAW SOMEBODY'S FUCKING THROAT OUT!"

"Wait, but didn't Conis introduce you as her pet?" Reiju asked.
"That was when I was still a civvie, now I'm part of the damn crew! I'm not a pet, I'm the—!"
"Bullet-monkey?" Soundbite chirped innocently.
"Yes!" Su jabbed a paw at the snail, before stiffening as she fully registered what he said.
"NO! I'm the powder-monkey! Powder-fox! GRAH!" Su collapsed flailing on her back as she
scratched her head in outrage.
"Wait, one-hundred…" Chopper's face screwed up in thought for a moment, then his eyes
went blank with the utmost outrage. "WHAT ARE YOU WHINING ABOUT, YOU
SNIVELLING RODENT?! I WAS WORTH FIFTY!"
"Fifty? Seriously?" the others asked incredulously.
Cross shrugged nonchalantly as I rifled through the posters myself. "The World Government
confused 'Cotton Candy Lover' Tony Tony Chopper for our crew's pet, soooo yeah."
Chopper's face split into a sickly smile, eyes seeming to shine cyan. "'Cotton… Candy
Lover'... 'Pet'... hehe…heeheeheeheehee… hahahahahaHAHAHAHAAAAA!" The
suddenly psychopathic reindeer threw his head back and cackled malevolently.
"SOMEBODY'S HEAD IS GONNA ROLL FOR THIS! HAHAHA—!"
"I don't see why." I commented, placing one of the posters down. "Says here you're being
called the 'Spark of Genius', worth ฿66 Million."
"HAHA—eh?" Chopper cut himself off, snapping back to Brain Point, then scrambling to get
a look. The image showed two side-by-side photos of himself in his Brain and Heavy Points,
both holding scalpels and vials in their respective hooves and hands, both with unmistakable
gleams in their eyes and grins. The former relatively more adorable and the latter
unmistakably menacing. Very 'Jekyll and Hyde' there.
Chopper stared in numb silence, then broke out into a massive grin, stars of awe twinkling in
his eyes, and happy-dancing in place. "I have my own bounty! I have my own bounty! I bet
Doctorine'll hang it in her office, and even use it for target practice when she's bored!"
So many questions, and the answers were not imperative at the time. Cross took the posters
back from me and peeked through them to find the next one in line. "OK, next we move on to
our very own 'Corsair Princess', who has boosted from ฿55 Million to—" He stopped
abruptly as he got a closer look. "...oh, your poor father."
"POOR KOHZA, more like!" Soundbite cackled before cocking his head to the side
thoughtfully. "Actually, on second thought? HE MIGHT ENJOY this turn of EVENTS."
"Gods above, don't tell me those bastards actually had the audacity to make me a Supernova

too?" Vivi asked in equal parts dread and anger.
"No…" Cross hedged uncomfortably, wincing as she sighed in relief. "But they did make you
infamous for a whole other reason." He handed her the poster, and she took one look at it
before squeaking fearfully, looking to be simultaneously paling and blushing.
As I got a look, it made sense. Her bounty was upgraded to ฿80 Million, but more
importantly, the photo they used was Vivi posing in a modest-yet-generous bikini, hair up
behind her head, and at an angle that even made her scar look good. Credit to Jimmy Scoops,
he may have tricked her into posing like a centerfold, but he was a damn good photographer.
"He said it was for charity and I just wanted to get used to my scar…" Vivi wept almost
comically.
"Oh, you sweet summer child…" Nami sighed as she laid a comforting hand on her friend's
shoulder.
"THE HELL ARE YOU PITYING ME FOR?!" Vivi roared. "YOU FELL FOR IT TOO,
AND I BET YOU DID IT PURELY FOR THE DAMN MONEY!"
"Yeah," Nami nodded. "But that was in a story, and knowing myself, I most likely did it for
the sake of getting paid upfront in cash. In this reality, I didn't get plastered over the bedroom
walls of 'interested par—HEY!"
"Not helping, Nami, not at all." I lambasted her, pushing her out of the way. I then grabbed
Vivi's hands in mine. "Vi, honey, you need to stop focusing on the negative here."
"As opposed to what positive?" she asked, tears threatening to resume.
"First of all? You look spectacular. With the scar, even, it makes you look like a badass. Any
of those prissy royals you knew growing up who'd needle you for the scar, and they couldn't
look half as good. Right?"
Vivi sniffed, and smiled a little, nodding.
"Then there's anyone else out there who may be self-conscious about how they
think their scars might make them look. Your poster makes you look so confident in your
appearance, you'd inspire them to be more confident too."
Vivi's smile widened a little more.
"See? There's your positive. Forget all the negative bullshit. Fair enough?"
Vivi nodded happily, then suddenly launched herself at me into a hug. "Thank you, Evan. I
needed that."
I hugged her right back. "What're friends for, eh?"

"Alright, alright, the goodfeels are nice and all, but let's move on." Cross insisted, whipping
out the next bounty poster. "'Devil Child' Nico Robin. Bounced up from ฿80 Million to
knocking on heaven's door. A little more before we hit Sabaody and the Supernovas will have
another member."
Robin cocked an eyebrow as she took in her poster. "฿99 Million…" She was silent before
smiling. "Well, at least they finally updated my picture. And they got my good side at that.
Now if only they'd be so kind as to update my juvenile epithet."
I snorted. "To what, exactly? 'She-Devil'?"
"HEY!"
*THWACK*
"OUCH!" Cross began hopping on his left leg as Boss charlie-horsed his right. "The hell
—?!"
"No cutting in line!" he snorted, raising a fist menacingly. "My boys and I shoulda been next,
not her!"
"Actually, Boss," Robin corrected with a hum. "Seeing as I both met Luffy before you and I
was aboard Merry before you, I believe that to be false."
The rough-and-ready dugong paused, considering this information before shuffling about on
his tail. "Ah hell, you've actually got a point! My bad, Cross. No hard feelings?"
"Why I oughta—!" Cross bit out darkly before flinging the poster at the man. "฿80 Million
for the 'Bastard of the Sea', or 'Man' as they're calling you, happy?!"
"'Man of the Sea'?! HELL YES!" Boss gasped before cheering, happily waving around the
poster of himself shooting a thumbs'up at the photographer. Wait, in the corner is that…?
"Boss, did you autograph your bounty photo?" I asked in amusement.
"How was I supposed to know he was with the Marines?!" the Dugong demanded. "I thought
he was just an eager fan or something, what else was I supposed to do?"
"Tsk…" Cross shook his head, looking through the posters again. "Well, regardless, I saw a
name in here that indicates you're batting two-for—seriously?!" he squawked, snapping the
picture around for the little bastards to lay eyes on. "I just… really? Really?"
I tried my damndest to hold my giggles back.
"I-I-I can explain!" Donney hastily scrambled to cover. "W-W-What you see there is an
ancient, ah, d-dugong, uh… warrior—!"

"We did a group pose, alright?" Raphey interrupted shamelessly. "It was harmless fun, and it's
not like you have any room to complain. Don't think I forgot about your little stunt last night
for even a second."
"It's not the posing that I'm taking issue with," I ground out. "So much as the damn pose
itself! Where the hell did you even learn about, to reiterate, that damn pose in the first
place!?"
"Guilty." I admitted, raising my hand with a grin. "Though to be fair, it was a joint effort with
Soundbite."
"You pricks… taught them… the Ginyu Force Pose?" Cross grit out irritably.
Soundbite gave an ear-to-ear grin. "I REGRET nothing. Just be glad we DIDN'T GO JOJO."
"Ay yai yai yai~!" I added.
Cross sighed angrily, and withdrew the poster proper. "Alright, go ahead and celebrate,
'Disciples of the Sea'."
The TDWS froze. "We… We get Boss' old name as our epithet?"
"Apparently?" Cross shrugged. "But as I was saying, two-for-two for Boss because as the
leader of your little band, Leo also gets the epithet of 'Half-Shell Blade'. He's worth ฿15
Million while the rest of you are ฿10 Million apiece, for a grand total of ฿45 Million."
"Wah…" Leo breathed numbly. "I… 'Half-Shell—?! B-But that's—WOAH!" he yelped when
he was suddenly foisted off his tail by Rephey and Mikey onto their shoulders.
"Three cheers for the 'Half-Shell Blade'!" Raphey cried happily. "Hip Hip!"
"HOORAY!" the Dugongs cheered as one, carrying their leader off as they kept cheering.
"Hmph, so I won the bet…" Boss mused as he chomped proudly on his cigar. "Didn't doubt it
for a second… but I'll pass on the prize. Fending off the Captain is good training!"
"Well, if that's the case…" Cross pointed at our gunner. "Then I guess that 'Angel of
Destruction' Conis wins the bet with a whopping lucky ฿77 Million to her name!"
"Wait, wha—?" Conis blinked numbly in shock.
"Jimmy Scoops must've snapped this through the window while you were maintaining your
arsenal." Cross showed her the poster, which showed her sitting in the midst of a large
number of disassembled guns.
"Uh, Cross?" Merry spoke up, breaking her silence. "You still have some posters there. Is…

Is one of them… mine?"
"Eh…" he hedged uncomfortably, shuffling through the rest of the bounties. "I… dunno,
Merry, all I'm seeing here is a bunch of bog-standard randos. You only became human just
recently, so I dont—oh what the hell." He pulled up yet another poster. "'White Menace'
Going Merry, worth ฿50 Million?! …sweet heck, Garp is vindictive."
"Considering he's likely a big reason why yours is so massive, I'd say so." I added.
"YE CALL IT VINDICTIVE, I CALL IT GENEROUS!" Merry threw her arms up happily.
"THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKIN' ABOUT, MATEYS!"
As she and everyone celebrated, I noticed Cross pocket the poster showing Franky, before he
glanced through the rest, failing to find anything for Lassoo of Funkfreed.
"Right… OK, so, anyways," Cross chuckled weakly. "With that all over and done with, I
think I'm gonna go for a walk… listen to some music…" his eye twitched furtively. "Try to
keep my cool over this new development…"
I and several others exchanged hesitant glances, but Luffy just smiled and waved innocently.
"Have fun, Cross."
"If you need any anesthetics, you know who to call!" Chopper offered.
"Don't let the door knock your inflated skull on the way out." Nami sighed.
"Just… don't burn down the city again, alright?" Vivi requested.
"Ah, c'mon Vivi!" Cross turned around and spread his arms with a laugh. "When have I ever
done that twice on the same island?"
"First time for everything…" I muttered under my breath.
The Princess laid her head on a table with a groan. "I can't believe that I'm accepting that as
an answer to any question…"
Cross chuckled as he turned back and shut the door as he left.
For the next few minutes, I simply sat there, chilling out with everyone as we still marveled
at our bounties and such. After a little while, I decided it would be better to try and make sure
my fellow Earthling was good, especially being the (technically correct) second-most wanted
man on the crew.
This led me to finding him and Soundbite in an alley, completely unconscious and being
hefted over the shoulder of a very familiar red-capped redhead, who looked at me suddenly
appearing like a deer caught in headlights.

"Uumm… I can explain?" Koala offered.
I sighed in exasperation. "I know who you are, Koala." I replied. "Because Cross and I have
similar origins, so I know the same things he does. I assume you're taking him for a meeting
with your boss?"
"That's right. I assume you wanna tag along, then?"
"Obviously."
Koala sighed in resignation, before bringing up a hand. "Alright, you asked for it. Hold
still…"
"Hold on, that's not necessary, I can actually get—!"
*CRACK*
'Nevermind.' I thought as I dropped into unconsciousness.

Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!

