Burn Like A Dragon, Rise Like A Phoenix
Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/53099896.
Rating:
Archive Warning:
Category:
Fandoms:
Relationships:
Characters:

Additional Tags:

Language:
Stats:

Teen And Up Audiences
Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Gen
龍が如く | Ryuu ga Gotoku | Yakuza (Video Games), JUDGE EYES |
Judgment (Video Games), Persona 5, Persona Series
Kasuga Ichiban & Mukouda Saeko, Sawamura Haruka & Mukouda Saeko
Sawamura Haruka, Kasuga Ichiban, Kiryu Kazuma, Mukouda Saeko, Nanba
Yu, Seong-Hui (Yakuza), Adachi Koichi, Zhao Tianyou, Han Joon-gi | Kim
Yeonsu (Yakuza 7), Akiyama Shun, Date Makoto, Kaito Masaharu, Ebina
Masataka, Mitsuo (Yakuza), Sawashiro Jo, Hanawa Kihei, Taichi (Yakuza),
Ayako (Yakuza), Sugiura Fumiya, Sawamura Haruto, Pocket Circuit Fighter,
Kashiwagi Osamu, Goda Ryuji (Yakuza), Higashi Toru, Yagami Takayuki,
Akame (Yakuza), Amasawa Kyoko, Tesso (JUDGE EYES), Mabuchi Akira,
Dojima Daigo, Majima Goro, Saejima Taiga (Yakuza), Sadamoto Jun,
Gondawara Susumu, Tsuruno Yuki, Zheng (Yakuza), Soma Kazuki, Fujii
Mafuyu, Osawa Azusa, Amon Noa, Takeba Yukari, Okumura Haru, Morgana
(Persona Series), Niijima Sae, Amamiya Ren (Persona Series), Yoshimura
(Yakuza), Aragaki Shinjiro, Sakura Futaba (Persona Series), Nishikiyama
Akira, Adachi Tohru, Satonaka Chie, Amagi Yukiko, Dojima Ryotaro,
Narukami Yu
Yakuza, Ryuu ga Gotoku 7 | Yakuza: Like A Dragon (Video Game), Minor
Character Death, Video Game Mechanics, Humor, Mild Sexual Humor,
Canon-Typical Violence, some canon divergence, Minor Original Character(s),
Spoilers up to Like A Dragon Gaiden, Early game spoilers for Infinite Wealth,
LOST JUDGMENT (Video Game) Spoilers, Persona 3 Spoilers, Persona 5
Spoilers, Persona 4 Spoilers
English
Published: 2024-01-17 Updated: 2026-08-07 Words: 431,421 Chapters: 139/?

Burn Like A Dragon, Rise Like A Phoenix
by MrMattimation
Summary

Haruka Sawamura is a woman on a mission with a family to provide for.
Kazuma Kiryu has been dead for six years, and in that time, Haruka Sawamura has taken over the
Morning Glory orphanage, following in his footsteps by taking on a new generation of orphans.
After the death of her husband, she journeys alone to the Isezaki Ijincho ward of Yokohama to
locate a businessman by the name of Ichiban Kasuga so that she can secure funding for the future
of the orphanage.
When she arrives, however, she finds that Kasuga is nowhere to be found, and what's worse, one of
the city's largest criminal factions seems to want her dead. But Haruka is a difficult woman to scare
off. Determined to provide a better future for the orphans and for her own son, Haruka proceeds
undeterred, and soon finds herself knee-deep in a criminal conspiracy that spans the whole of Japan
and threatens the wellbeing of her entire family. With the help of some new friends made along the
way, as well as some old faces from her past, she tries to get to the bottom of it all - and makes a
shocking discovery relating to the truth behind Kiryu's death.
A "what-if" story set between Yakuza: Like A Dragon and Like A Dragon Infinite Wealth.

Chapter 1: Prologue
Sōtenbori, Osaka, Japan
December 15th, 2022
It was a chilly and crowded December evening in Osaka’s Sōtenbori district. The air was slightly
colder this night than was normal for this part of Japan, but this didn’t do much to discourage the
nightlife. Droves of people crowded all up and down the district, coming and going from the
various shops, restaurants, bars, and cabaret clubs that lined the streets. Still more people arrived by
the minute from elsewhere in Osaka; business was booming.
Not all were here for pleasure, however; on the eastern end of Sotenbori Street, a cab arrived at the
taxi stand, its passenger having just arrived from the airport.
“Here is fine,” the passenger, a woman in her mid twenties, said as the taxi pulled up to the stand.
“Thank you.” She paid the fare - about ¥7000, an amount she hated to part with considering the
circumstances - and stepped out of the vehicle. She had shoulder-length black hair, tied back in a
ponytail, with the front combed forward into a set of bangs, and was dressed casually, wearing a
white hoodie over a red undershirt, a short denim skirt, and ankle-high brown boots. Over her face
was a blue 3-ply medical face mask, worn not for health concerns as most in this day and age
would, but in order to conceal her identity.
After all, this wasn’t the first time Haruka Sawamura had been to Osaka.
She had been out of the public spotlight for more than a decade at this point. Other idols had come
and gone in that time, and with a career as short as hers - starting and ending with a single concert
at the Japan Dome nearly ten years ago to the day - most of the older population in Japan had likely
forgotten all about her, and the kids had probably never heard of her. But the chances that she
would be recognized, by a fan or otherwise, were never zero, especially in Osaka, and Haruka
wanted to avoid any complications.
She had a lot of memories in this city. She hadn’t been back here since just after the Princess
League, when she had been forced to flee to Tokyo upon being embroiled in a conspiracy involving
the Omi Alliance, a Kansai-based yakuza organization that, once-upon-a-time, controlled the city
with an iron grip. Despite that, not all of these memories were bad ones. It was here that she
learned the art of the dance battle. She made new friends here she wouldn’t have otherwise. And, if
only for a moment, the now-defunct Dyna Chair talent management company allowed her to live
her dream in front of thousands of people.
Really, only one thing was missing from her life back then… and just when she had him back, he
was ripped away from her again. Permanently.
“To me… Kazuma Kiryu is family.”
But she couldn’t dwell on that now. She had people back home in Okinawa depending on her. With
that in mind, she started to make her way to her destination. She didn’t walk very long, however,
before bumping into a group of very drunk businessmen who were stumbling through the street.
She grunted after their collision - the man she bumped into was so drunk, he could barely stand up
straight, and fell onto the ground.

“Oh!” Haruka exclaimed. “I’m so sorry, mister! Please excuse me!”
“Hey!” the man yelled, struggling to get back up. “Why don’tcha watch where yer goin?!” he
slurred heavily.
“Sorry!”
The man stood fully up, stared at Haruka, then his frown turned into a smile. “Ah… yer a pretty
face… ain’t she, boys?” He turned to his friends, who nodded, then he turned back to Haruka. “I
bet it’s even prettier once ya take the mask off… and, well, some other stuff, too. Tell me
somethin’… ya got yerself a man?”
Haruka cringed. Yup, she was in Sotenbori. “Excuse me. I have to go,” she said as she attempted to
remove herself from the situation.
“Hey! Weren’t ya taught it’s rude to ignore yer elders?!” the man exclaimed, grabbing Haruka’s
wrist.
“Ah!”
“Now, listen, you bumped into me! I could be hurt real bad! But I’m willin’ ta look past all that…
Why don’tcha come out for drinks with me an’ my pals?”
“I think you’ve had enough,” she said, struggling to get free.
“Heh… what’s the matter? Don’tcha wanna have a little fun with us…?” he slurred, getting entirely
too close to Haruka. “What’re ya hiding under here, anyway?” He reached up and grabbed
Haruka’s breast.
Glaring at the man, Haruka knee'd the man in the groin. He groaned, let go of her wrist, and fell
onto the floor. “I’m sorry,” Haruka apologized. “But I have somewhere to be.” She started to walk
away.
“Hey, bitch!” one of the man’s friends called out. Haruka sighed and turned back to face them…
and saw that one of them had pulled out a knife. “Where do ya think you’re going?! That was
mighty rude of ya! Do ya know who yer messin’ with, here?!”
Haruka backed up from them. “I’d really just like to go,” she pleaded.
“It’s a bit late for that!” the man with the knife yelled. “Ya could’ve come back with us, had a fun
evening! Now ya gotta get cut!”
“Let her go,” a deep-voiced man said from behind the knife-wielding thugs. The men turned around
and stared at the man addressing them. Tall and rather handsome for his age, the black-haired man
stood before them in a red suit jacket with a black button up shirt underneath, buttoned only up to
his chest.
“Akiyama-san!” Haruka exclaimed.
“This don’t concern you, pal!” the leader said, standing back up after Haruka’s punch to the gut.
“Or do ya wanna get cut too?”

Haruka’s defender, one Shun Akiyama, smirked. “You’re causing a scene. Has anybody told you
that rarely ends well in this town?"
“Oh yeah? Says who?” the man laughed. “Ever since the Omi Alliance skipped town, we’ve been
able to do whatever the hell we want! And then those lockdowns a couple of years back made bein’
a yakuza mighty unprofitable, so whatever was left closed up shop. It’s open season out here,
now!”
Akiyama chuckled. “It’s not the yakuza you need to worry about these days,” he said, before
launching into a series of kicks that knocked the man down. His ally with the knife ran at Akiyama.
Akiyama kicked the knife out of his hand, then delivered a powerful blow to his chest that knocked
him over. He then stomped on the man’s face, causing him to lose a few teeth in the process, and
the man passed out. The last punk realized he was screwed, and fearfully turned and ran away,
apologizing as he did so.
“I gotta say,” Akiyama said once the coast was clear, “fighting these guys used to be a lot more fun
when the yakuza were still in town. At least they were tough.” He turned to Haruka and smiled at
her. “You know it’s dangerous at night, Haruka-chan,” he chided.
Haruka smiled back at him, and nodded. “Yeah. I know. I’m trying to be careful.”
“What brings you to Sotenbori, anyway?” Akiyama asked. “Shouldn’t you be down in Okinawa?”
“Oh, Ayako is taking care of things in my absence,” Haruka replied, referring to her foster sister
who now helped her manage the Morning Glory orphanage in Okinawa. “She’s watching over
Haruto, too. I don’t plan to be gone very long. Actually, I came here hoping to speak with you, so
it’s good luck you showed up. I had heard you re-opened.”
Akiyama frowned. “Why? You’re not looking for a loan, are you?”
Haruka sighed. “Can we go to your office, please, Akiyama-san?”
“Uh… yeah. Yeah, right this way.”
***
Sky Finance Sotenbori was as messy as Haruka remembered it. Boxes and empty beer cans and
ramen bowls were stacked up on the desks and shelves. The drawers looked like they had no
organization system in place. The ashtray on the coffee table was full of cigarette butts. It looked
like a hoarder lived here. Not that Haruka really minded. It was just who Akiyama was. “Please,
have a seat,” Akiyama offered, gesturing to the two couches sitting across from each other, a coffee
table in between. “Please excuse the mess. I haven’t gotten a chance to tidy up.”
“Would you have tidied up if you did have a chance?” Haruka shot back, smirking as she sat down.
“Ahh! You wound me, Haruka-chan. But no. I suppose not.” Akiyama sat down across from her.
“Now then. Why is it you came to see me?”
Haruka frowned. “Well… to be honest with you, Akiyama-san, things haven’t been great at the
orphanage since Uncle Kaz passed,” she explained. “Things were fine, for a while. Everyone
pitched in and helped out. Yuta and I raised Haruto together… after the Tojo Clan and Omi
Alliance disbanded, Daigo Dojima came by the orphanage and offered him a position at his new

security company for ex-yakuza, so he was able to go completely straight. It meant that Haruto
didn’t get to see his father as much, as the company is based here in Osaka, but his job kept us fed
and kept the orphanage running and he was with us as much as he could be. We, um… we had even
been trying for another baby,” she said, blushing slightly.
Akiyama frowned. “Where is Yuta-san now?”
“Dead,” Haruka said. “Almost two years ago, now.”
Hearing this caused Akiyama to sigh. “Oh, Haruka-chan,” he said. “I’m so sorry.”
“He became very ill around Christmas, and by February he was… gone.” Haruka wiped a tear from
her eye.
“And he was so young, too…” Akiyama sighed. “How’s Haruto holding up?”
Haruka sniffled. “He’s doing well. Of course, when you’re that young… I doubt he’ll even
remember who his father was, which is…” she couldn’t finish that thought. What she was saying
was absolutely terrible. The two men Haruto owed his life to were gone, and he was going to grow
up not knowing who they even were. She started to break down. Akiyama let her cry for a minute,
before Haruka calmed herself.
“Well… anyway, after he passed, the money he was sending every month dried up. We had been
receiving money anonymously from… someone else as well, washed through a bunch of different
accounts… We had a private investigator with a Kamurocho detective agency look into it. Takayuki
Yagami, maybe you’ve heard of him?”
“A little,” Akiyama replied. “He hasn’t been seen around Tokyo lately though. His gorilla-looking
partner’s been handling business since the start of the year.”
“Well, according to him, the trail ended at the account of a government official by the name of
Minoru Daidoji, who’s been dead since at least 2017… and as soon as we figured that out, the
money stopped coming, like they didn’t want us to know who was behind it. The whole thing was
very strange, but it didn’t change the end result… we weren’t receiving any money anymore.
“Things have been very tight since then. If we don’t figure something out soon, I’ll need to close
Morning Glory, and I don’t know where the children will be able to go.”
“How many?”
“Um, minus Haruto, there’s six of them,” Haruka said as she started to list them off. “From oldest
to youngest, there’s Akira, Sakura, Makio, Yoko, Makoto, and… Yumi. It was a funny coincidence,
when she came to us. Yumi was my mother’s name. And the oldest boy, Akira, shares a given name
with Uncle Kaz’s sworn brother, Nishikiyama. It feels like… I was meant to take care of them.”
Haruka paused, then continued. “One night, when I was 12 or 13, Uncle Kaz and I sat on the beach,
and he told me stories about his life before prison… what Nishikiyama and my mother were like
back then, too. Actually, the strangest thing about it was that he recalled it all so fondly, even
though it all came to such a bad end. And I got the sense that he felt like everything that happened
after that… like it was his fault somehow. It was as if he felt… that he had failed them.

“And so when these children came into my care, I knew I had to make sure they had the best lives I
could give them. Not just for them, but for Uncle Kaz. In some weird way, it’s like I’m making up
for the mistakes of the past this way. Hopefully it’ll help him rest easy.” Haruka smiled at Akiyama.
“So… I need to borrow some money. Mitsuo just signed with the Nagoya Wyverns. He’s going to
be sending money soon. But until that money comes, we’re in a bit of a bad spot.”
Akiyama thought about it. “Hmm. Kiryu-san wouldn’t want you getting involved with a loan shark,
Haruka-chan.”
“You’re not a loan shark,” Haruka pointed out. “No credit checks. No interest. No collateral. That’s
how Sky Finance operates. And I’ll pay back every yen. I just need it to get us through the next few
months.”
“How much?”
“Five million yen.”
“That’s not a small amount, Haruka. That’s a year’s wages in Okinawa… maybe a little more.”
“You’ve given out more than that. Whatever we don’t use will come right back to you, and then the
rest will be paid back monthly.”
Akiyama sighed. “Hmmm… you do know that my loans aren’t completely no-strings, right? There
is one prerequisite.”
Haruka nodded. “You’re going to give me a test. Whatever it is, Akiyama-san… I’m going to give
it my all, and I’m going to pass, so the children can live the lives they deserve!”
Akiyama chuckled. “I would expect nothing less. Well, if you’re sure…” He leaned back and
thought about what his test would be. “Hmmm… now what exactly would be a good test for
you…?”
“Whatever it is, I can do it,” Haruka replied.
“Careful,” Akiyama warned. “Some of my tests are pretty out-there.”
“And I’m willing to do whatever it takes. I’ll- I’ll even work in one of your cabaret clubs!”
Akiyama was surprised at this. “No,” he said firmly. “Kiryu-san would kick my ass from beyond
the grave if I made you do that.”
“I used to work in one."
“Seriously?!” Akiyama exclaimed.
Haruka nodded. “I worked at one in town when money first started getting tight. I can do that kind
of work if you need me to.”
“Tch. You’re not a little girl anymore, huh…” It was difficult to believe that she was closer to thirty
than twenty at this point. She looked almost exactly like she did when she was 16, and though the
stress of motherhood had clearly aged her somewhat, Akiyama couldn’t picture her in any other
light. Still, he refused. “Nope. Off the table.”

“Okay then.” Truthfully, that was a bit of a relief for Haruka. Her gimmick during her brief stint as
a hostess was that she was… disgraced former teen idol Haruka Sawamura. That was not one of her
best ideas.
Akiyama snapped his fingers. “I got it. Haruka-chan, have you been to Yokohama?”
Haruka tilted her head. “Yokohama? Um, once, I think, when I was little…” And had been
kidnapped. “But I didn’t get to see very much of it. I was… a little tied up with other things.”
Akiyama started looking around for something. “Crap. Where is that business card… uh… aha!”
He grabbed it from underneath a beer can and handed it to Haruka. “There’s this guy. Ichiban
Kasuga. Some former Tojo Clan grunt, got arrested at the turn of the century, I don’t really know a
whole lot about that. He left the business a while back, and now he’s running a more legitimate
business.”
“Kasuga…?” Haruka muttered, reading the business card, which appeared to be for a company
called Ichiban Holdings. “He was in the Tojo Clan? Do you think Uncle Kaz would have known
him?”
Akiyama shook his head. “Not likely. The way I hear it, this guy and Kiryu were never really on the
streets at the same time, and they were in different families, anyway. Kasuga was in the Arakawa
Family, while Kiryu worked for Sohei Dojima. In 1995, Kiryu goes to prison, then Kasuga does as
well in 2001, and four years later Kiryu’s sentence is up. Kasuga leaves prison in 2019, by which
point… Well, you get the idea. Anyway. His company, Ichiban Holdings? Coincidentally, they’re
looking to expand into Okinawa. They want to use it as a foothold to expand into the United States,
or so I hear.”
Haruka nodded. “It makes sense, I suppose,” she said. “There’s a lot of US military in Okinawa, so
he’d have a lot of American customers down there.”
“Right,” Akiyama affirmed, nodding. “Of course, he’s going to need partners down there to give
him good standing in the community. Do you see where I’m going with this?”
“I think so,” Haruka said slowly.
“Simply put, I don’t think borrowing money for the rest of your life is a sustainable way to run the
orphanage,” Akiyama explained. “And if Mitsuo’s baseball career doesn’t end up working out,
you’ll be back in here looking to borrow more in no time. If, however, Morning Glory had financial
backing from a successful Japanese organization… well, you wouldn’t have to worry as much
anymore.”
“I suppose that makes sense,” Haruka mused, a finger on her chin. “Sunflower had funding from
the Tojo Clan until Kazama-san died. I don’t think Uncle Kaz would have wanted money coming in
from a yakuza organization… but you said Kasuga-san isn't a yakuza anymore, right?”
“Right. So here’s your test…” Akiyama leaned back, smiling. “I want you to go to Yokohama and
convince Kasuga-san to sign a long-term financial partnership with Morning Glory. Do that, and
I’ll give you the five million.”
“But then I won’t need the five million,” Haruka pointed out.

“Call it a bonus,” Akiyama replied. “Look, even if you get his signature, it’ll take time for that deal
to get set up, so you’re gonna need a cash injection to get started. Whatever you spend it on isn’t
really my business. Renovations, repairs… bathe in it… I don’t really care.”
“Bathe in it?” Haruka asked, tilting her head.
“A lot of weirdos come in here,” Akiyama sighed. “Well. Anyway. Are those terms acceptable to
you?”
Haruka let out a big smile and nodded. “Yes! Absolutely!” She stood up and bowed. “Thank you so
much, Akiyama-san!”
Akiyama chuckled. “Hmph. Don’t thank me just yet. You don’t have the money yet.”
“Sorry, I know I’m getting carried away,” Haruka admitted, wiping a tear from her eye. “These last
few years have been hard. But I’m going to give it my all! I’ll be on the first train to Yokohama
tomorrow!"
Akiyama noticed something on her wrist as she wiped the tear away. It looked like… “Sorry,
Haruka. Is that a tattoo?”
“Huh? Oh! Oh, yes,” Haruka said, pushing her left sleeve up. “Just a small one. I got it done a few
years ago by the artist who did Uncle Kaz’s, back in Kamurocho.” It was indeed quite a small
tattoo - most probably wouldn’t notice it. A Chinese dragon wrapped around her wrist like a
bracelet. Midway through, the dragon became engulfed in flames, and what appeared to be a
phoenix emerged from the other end. “I know they’re still taboo, but a small one like this won’t
turn any heads. I don’t really visit any onsen or any places like that, and… I want to keep his
memory with me always.”
“The design hasn’t been filled in, yet,” Akiyama commented.
“I haven’t been back to Tokyo since the lockdowns. And I don’t want just any artist to fill it in. I
want Kiryu’s artist to fill it in. Speaking of… Akiyama-san. What made you decide to reopen in
Sotenbori, rather than Kamurocho?”
Akiyama gave her a very serious look. “Kamurocho’s a very different place ever since the yakuza
left town,” he explained. “And after Governor Aoki was assassinated, crime shot up.”
“Oh, yeah, I heard about that…” Haruka muttered. Ryo Aoki, the Governor of Tokyo. He was the
reason the Tojo Clan were forced to leave Kamurocho with his Kamurocho 3K Plan. He was also
the co-founder of Bleach Japan, a socio-political movement to wipe Japan free of crime and crimeadjacent gray zones. But his disciple, Sota Kume, assassinated him shortly after the 2019 elections,
around the same time it became known that Aoki was actually the son of the Acting Captain of the
Omi Alliance, Masumi Arakawa. The resulting fallout caused the Citizens’ Liberal Party to fall out
of public favor, and they lost their governing majority after the Prime Minister called for an early
election. Kume’s family publicly described Bleach Japan as a cult that ruined his life, garnering a
great deal of media attention, and the Supreme Court has been considering a ban on Bleach Japan
activities since then.
“I would rather be there than here,” Akiyama said. “But it’s not safe there anymore. So do me a
favor when you get back to Kanto… stay away from Kamurocho. At least for now. Okay?”

Haruka nodded. “Okay. Thank you.” With that, she turned and left. As the door closed, Akiyama
chuckled and lit a cigarette.
“Hmph… Kiryu-san…” he muttered to nobody in particular. “Whatever shadows you’re hiding
in… there are people in the sunlight who still need you.”

Chapter 2: Isezaki Ijincho
Chapter Summary

In which an idol and a barmaid walk into a bar.

The ocean waves crashed along the beach, providing a consistent white noise that soothed Haruka
as she sat and watched the sunset. She thought about everything that had happened to her lately,
amazed that she’d been able to make it through it all. All of it was finally coming to an end… or
she hoped, anyway.
“Hey, Haruka,” an older male voice said behind her.
Haruka looked up to see who was addressing her. “Oh, Uncle Kaz!” she greeted, standing up.
Standing before her was her adoptive father.
Kazuma Kiryu. Ex-Tojo Clan Fourth Chairman.
He was a somewhat tall, muscular man with spiked up black hair, wearing white dress pants, brown
dress shoes, and a slightly tacky red and white leaf-pattern Kariyushi shirt. His face was grumpy,
but Haruka never felt intimidated or threatened by it; he wasn’t really grumpy, he just looked that
way.
“Your dinner is getting cold,” Kiryu announced. “Is everything okay?”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. I’ll be back inside soon. I’m just… thinking about everything we’ve been
through this past year.”
“With Hamazaki, you mean?”
Haruka grew silent. She sat back down and stared out at the ocean again. Kiryu came over and sat
next to her.
“Haruka… it’s over, now,” he said. “I’m still around, and Hamazaki’s in prison. You don’t have
anything to worry about.”
“I was… so afraid of losing you,” Haruka said. “What he did to you… I’ll never be able to forgive
him. I won’t ever forget it.”
Kiryu stared at her with his usual intense stare. “That’s dangerous,” he said finally.
“Huh?”
“Holding grudges like that,” Kiryu explained. “It’s not good for you. And if left to fester long
enough, it can drive someone to do something regrettable.”

“And that’s why Hamazaki did what he did, right?” Haruka asked. “He tried to kill you because of
a grudge.”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. But… I’m speaking from more personal experience than that.”
Haruka looked up at him. “Uncle Kaz?”
“I come from a very dangerous and deadly world, Haruka,” Kiryu explained. “Some leave in a box.
Some get thrown in jail. And some, like me, can get out and try and live some semblance of a
normal life… but nobody leaves the yakuza unscathed. And nobody leaves innocent or with clean
hands either. That’s just how it is in the life I chose to lead.”
“But you’re not like the others.”
Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “I’m not? That’s news to me,” he said. “The truth is, Haruka… I’ve never
been a saint. I can hide from my past all I want. But no matter how much I hate it… I’ll always be
yakuza.”
Haruka looked down at the ground. “What are you saying?”
“I’m saying that Hamazaki and I aren’t that different,” Kiryu sighed. “So I know why he did what
he did.”
“Have you ever… you know?” Haruka asked.
Kiryu was silent for a moment. Finally, he replied, saying, “The things I’ve done have never been
in cold blood, or out of hatred,” he said, not really fully answering the question.
“So then that means you’re not like Hamazaki,” Haruka said firmly. “No matter what you’ve had to
do, you’re a good person. He’s not.”
“Except… for one time,” Kiryu finished.
“Huh?”
“I was young. Very young,” he explained. “I was still green, working my way up in the Dojima
Family… although, back then I wasn’t in their good graces. I had been on the run from them, too
deep in a conspiracy I had no business being involved in. But… somebody needed my help.”
Haruka smiled. “Wow. Even back then, you couldn’t help getting involved when people were in
trouble.”
“Heh,” Kiryu chuckled. “I can’t stand by when people need my help, no. But… back then I had yet
to understand what it meant to be a yakuza. Honestly, I hadn’t even earned the dragon on my back.
So when I finally came face-to-face with the man responsible for everything…” Kiryu fell silent.
“Did you…?” Haruka asked slowly.
“I would have,” Kiryu answered. “Had it not been for Nishiki.”
“Nishikiyama?” Haruka asked, confused.
“Yeah. He was my sworn brother,” Kiryu said, letting out a rare smile. “I’ve told you that, right?”

Haruka nodded. “Mhm. You said that you grew up at Sunflower together. You, him… and mom.”
“Yeah. He was the one who stopped me from ending the man’s life,” Kiryu explained. “I’d have
done it if he hadn’t been there. I’d have crossed a line you can’t come back from.”
“Nishikiyama stopped you?” Haruka asked. It was almost hard to believe that the men Haruka saw
duke it out with her own eyes used to be so different… or that there was a line Kiryu was willing to
cross that Nishikiyama couldn’t. “So… he saved you?”
“Exactly,” Kiryu affirmed, nodding. “He told me… if there ever came a time that I had to cross that
line… he’d be there to cross it with me. I decided the man I hated wasn't worth making Nishiki
cross that line with me. It’s because of him that I am who I am today.”
“Do you miss him?”
Kiryu sighed. “Every day.”
They were both silent for a bit after that. Finally, Haruka spoke up. “Do you blame me for what
happened?”
Kiryu looked at her. “Why would I blame you?”
“Well… I came into your life… and then you lost everyone important to you.” She hugged her legs
close to her body and stared out towards the ocean. “It’s because of me that—”
“Haruka… Nishiki’s fall started before you were even born,” Kiryu explained. “If anybody is to
blame for the way things turned out, it’s me. I wasn’t there for him the same way he was for me.
That will always be my greatest failure. After everything that happened, I was almost ready to give
up. I was going to go back to prison. Might even have died there.”
Kiryu turned to Haruka and smiled. “But then I realized… I did have one thing still going for me.
That was you. As long as I had you… I had a reason to keep going. When I went into prison, the
hope that I might see Nishiki and Yumi again was what kept me moving forward. And after it was
all over, taking care of you became my new responsibility.” He looked up at the sky. “Maybe if
Hamazaki had somebody like you in his life… things would have turned out different. We’re all
victims of circumstance, Haruka. Remember that.”
Haruka nodded. “Okay. I’ll try.”
***
Haruka awoke from her slumber right as her train was beginning to approach Jinnai Station in
Yokohama’s Isezaki Ijincho district, having fallen asleep somewhere during the nearly three hour
journey from Osaka to here. Truth be told, she hadn’t been sleeping very much at all, lately. With
things so difficult, it became hard to get any rest, but with an end to her worries in sight, suddenly
she couldn’t wait to get back to Okinawa so she could pass out and sleep for three days straight.
This would’ve been unthinkable when she was younger and full of energy, but she was not nine
anymore. Sometimes, Haruka worried that the way she lived her life—constantly in danger, though
not really through any fault of her own—was prematurely aging her, and the added stress of
deciding to open Morning Glory to new orphans when she really didn’t have the money to do so
definitely wasn’t helping. Still, she knew that it would all be over soon.

But I always think that, she thought to herself as the train came to a complete stop and she stood up.
And then… something happens. But, she also knew that the adversity she faced in her life made her
stronger for having experienced and overcome it all.
And that was what she needed. She needed to be stronger. She was in constant peril from childhood
until she was a mother, and eventually, it’s what got her dear Uncle Kaz killed. Had she not been
kidnapped in Onomichi…
She shook the thought away as she stepped off the train. No use thinking about that now, she told
herself. Kiryu had given his life so that she could live hers with her family. Yuta was gone now, but
she still had Haruto, and she knew damn well Kiryu wouldn’t have wanted her living with that guilt
when she had people depending on her.
With that being said, she needed to find Ichiban Holdings and speak to this Ichiban Kasuga so that
she could secure a bright future for Haruto and the orphans at Morning Glory. Fortunately, based on
the address Akiyama had given her, the company headquarters wasn’t that far from the station, so
she decided to walk the rest of the distance. She typed the address into the GPS on her phone and
started the final stretch of her journey.
After she typed the address in, she noticed a new email that she’d apparently received during the
train ride.
From: Mack.Shinozuka
To: SunflowerDragonPrincess; DQHero; Suzuki.T; and 9 others
Subject: Revealing Your Calling with Revelations!
Yo! It’s Mack again!
Ever feel like you don’t have a place in this world? Good news; it exists! You just haven’t found it
yet.
Watch people on the street. See what they do. If you find something interesting, you may just have a
REVELATION, and an idea for a new job will come to you just like that!
If you find something, be sure to post about it on my new photo sharing site, Macstagram! You just
might inspire someone else to take on a new job!
In smaller text at the bottom, the email also read:
You received this email because you were subscribed to a mailing list. Click here to unsubscribe.
Haruka frowned as she read the email. She’d been getting spam emails from this guy for at least a
decade. I really should block him, she thought to herself as she closed the email and continued on
her way.
***
The walk to the set of office buildings Ichiban Holdings was headquartered in was quick enough
and she didn’t run into too much trouble. She did wind up accidentally walking through the
Chinatown district where the Snake Flower Triad were once headquartered. Despite Lau Ka Long’s

death, there did still appear to be triads here, but none of them bothered her, so she didn’t pay them
much attention. She thought back to what Akiyama had told her just before she left Sotenbori.
***
“Isezaki Ijincho is divided up into three territories by three gangs,” Akiyama explained. “If you
stay out of their way, they won’t have much reason to bother you, but still… watch yourself.
“First, we have the Yokohama Liumang, centered around Chinatown. They originally fought with
the Snake Flower Triad for the territory, but back in 2009, Lau Ka Long was killed in Kamurocho
and the Snake Flower lost most of its influence. They’re not quite as feared or as ruthless as the
Snake Flower were, but they’re dangerous all the same. They were led by Tianyou Zhao, but in
2019 there was a power struggle. I’m not sure if he’s still in charge or not.
“Next, we have the Seiryu Clan, Ijincho’s local yakuza. Their influence has grown since the Tojo
Clan disbanded, but they still mostly operate in and around Yokohama.”
“They have territory in Tokyo now, too,” Haruka commented. “Yuta had a run-in with them on a
job.”
Akiyama nodded. “They’ve got a few subsidiary families now. I hear they’re planning to move in
on Kamurocho. Could be good for the city, could be awful. Not sure. These guys don’t seem that
bad. Their chairman, Mamoru Takabe, is trying to take the family in a new direction.”
“Was there a change in management?”
“Their previous chairman was assassinated by some Omi Alliance breakaways back in 2019. He
was the one who kept the peace in Ijincho. Takabe wants to expand the family’s interests. Their
main territory is in Ijincho’s southern districts, but again, they have men all over the city.
“Lastly, we have the Geomijul, a Korean gang. Kiryu might’ve run into some of them before. They
were formed by Jingweon Mafia outcasts. I unfortunately know very little about them, and that’s by
design. Almost nobody has seen any of them around. Their territory, allegedly, is the slum of the
same name in the center of town. I have heard they are very dangerous, so… maybe avoid that part
of town, yeah?”
Haruka nodded. “Got it.”
“Like with the Liumang, I don’t know who their leader is. Those two with the Seiryu Clan make up
the Ijin Three, an alliance that kept the Tojo, the Omi, basically any large criminal organization out
of Ijincho. That means they don’t mess with civilians, but it also means they’re not fond of
outsiders. So try not to stick out more than you already do.”
“What do you mean?”
Akiyama chuckled. “It’s been more than ten years since your big debut, but not everyone’s
forgotten you. And anyone who recognizes you is sure to know you were a yakuza princess.”
Haruka gave him an exaggerated, cutesy smile and feigned obliviousness. “A princess, you say?
Maybe that wouldn’t be so bad. Do I have any servants?” She put on a much more proper and
formal tone and adjusted her accent accordingly. “I must say, I think Haruka-denka fits me quite
well. Akiyama-kun! Where is my royal tithe?!”

“Have you considered going into acting?” Akiyama joked.
“I was actually supposed to do some acting after my debut, if all went well,” Haruka recalled.
“Dyna Chair had reached out to so many industries to try and get my name out there… I think I
was going to do a small role on a TV show… SEGA had reached out about wanting me to promote
some kind of action video game. This was all before the Japan Dome concert, so, of course, nothing
ended up happening.”
“Well, if this doesn’t work out, I know some people at an anime studio here in Sotenbori,”
Akiyama replied. “You could always go into voiceover work. I think you have the pipes for it.”
Haruka nodded. “Thank you, Akiyama-san. But I won’t fail. I can’t fail.”
***
Haruka felt like a failure. Over and over again she read the signage beside the elevator and for the
life of her she could not figure out which floor Ichiban Holdings was on. Akiyama said it was floor
15, but that nameplate was blank. “What the hell…?” she cursed under her breath as she again
scanned the signs. She glanced at a receptionist standing at a desk nearby. “Excuse me? Sorry, but,
is Ichiban Holdings not in this building?”
The receptionist shook her head. “I’m very sorry, ma’am. Ichiban Holdings left this building about
a year ago. They maintain a confectionery shop in the Commercial District, but their headquarters
is in Minato Mirai now.”
Haruka sighed. “Thank you. Just one more question. I was hoping to speak with their president,
Ichiban Kasuga. I heard he lives here in Isezaki Ijincho. Would you happen to know where I could
find him?”
“Sorry ma’am, I do not.”
“Thanks anyway.” Haruka turned and walked out. “Well, now what?” she asked herself aloud. “I
guess if I want to talk to Ichiban Kasuga, I need to go to Minato Mirai.”
Suddenly, a homeless man that had been napping near the building’s entrance stirred. “Ichiban?
Whaddya want with him?”
Haruka turned to look at him. He was a rather rugged looking man in a green coat and jeans, with
curly black hair, a short beard, and glasses. “Oh? Do you know him?”
“Who wants to know?"
Haruka bowed. “Forgive me. I’m Haruka Sawamura, I run an orphanage down in Okinawa. I heard
Kasuga-san was looking to expand down there, and I was hoping to negotiate a financial
partnership with his company.”
The homeless man looked her over. “Sawamura… that name sounds familiar.” He stood up. “Well,
anyway, he normally hangs out in Survive Bar, over in the Bar District. The bartender’s a bit
suspicious of outsiders these days, but if you tell him Nanba sent you he’ll get you sorted out.”
Haruka smiled and bowed again. “Thank you, Nanba-san. You’ve been a big help.” She walked
down the stairs and hailed a cab. Nanba watched as she entered the cab, then pulled a cellphone out

of his pocket, dialing a number. Somebody picked up almost immediately. “Hey, it’s Nanba. You
were right. That outsider that came into town an hour ago is looking for Ichiban.”
A female voice responded on the other end. “Did she give you a name?”
“Haruka Sawamura. Something about the name seemed familiar, but I couldn’t put my finger on
it.”
The voice on the other end paused. “She was in the news ten years ago. Haruka Sawamura. Former
teen idol, left the scene in disgrace after admitting during her debut concert that she had ties to the
Tojo Clan.”
Nanba raised an eyebrow. “Think she might be dangerous?”
“No. But she needs to leave Ijincho as soon as possible. It would be… problematic if she stuck
around for too long.”
“Huh? Seonhee, what are you talking about?”
The woman, Seonhee paused, then replied, “There’s a secret I promised I would safeguard three
years ago. Her presence puts the integrity of that secret in jeopardy. We may need to scare her out if
she doesn’t leave soon.”
Nanba sighed. “I don’t like that.”
“Don’t worry. It doesn’t have to involve you. We’ll take care of it.” Then, she hung up.
Nanba groaned. “Agh, I really don’t like the sound of that… I should probably keep an eye on
her…” He started walking in the direction of the Bar District. “Why’s it always gotta be
complicated…” he grumbled to himself.
***
The cab dropped Haruka off just across from Survive Bar. “Thank you,” she said as she paid the
driver and walked towards the building. “This should be the place,” she said to herself. Opening the
door, she walked in and looked around. It was a very well-decorated karaoke bar with a collection
of CDs along the wall. Sitting at the bar itself was a woman who seemed to be in her late 20s,
maybe early 30s, with short, straight brown hair (although Haruka could tell it was not naturally
straight), dressed in a white blazer with black inserts and a matching white skirt, but besides her
and the bartender, there was nobody else in the bar.
The bartender, an older man with glasses, graying black hair and a large scar over his nose bridge,
looked up at Haruka. “Good afternoon,” he greeted, his voice gruff but his tone friendly.
Haruka waved. “Hello. Is this Survive Bar?”
The bartender nodded. “Yeah. It’s not often we see new faces around here, though.”
Haruka approached the bar and sat down next to the woman, who appeared to have already
knocked a few drinks back. She glanced at Haruka, nodded politely, then returned to drinking.
Haruka couldn’t help but notice how pretty she was. She wasn’t especially open about this, but she
did find herself captivated by beautiful women from time to time. She was still grieving Yuta, but if
she wasn’t…

“Can I ask who told you about us?” the bartender asked, snapping Haruka out of it.
“Hmm? Oh, uh, a man named Nanba sent me,” Haruka said. “My name is Haruka Sawamura, and
I’m- hmm?” she stopped when she noticed the bartender had let out a surprised gasp. “Is something
the matter?”
The bartender composed himself and shook his head. “No. Sorry, ma’am. I just remembered
something. Don’t mind me.”
Haruka eyed the man, then raised an eyebrow and tilted her head. “Huh? Uh, hang on, mister…
have we met before?”
The bartender shook his head again. “No ma’am. Not unless you’ve been to this bar before. I’ve
been running this place for a little over ten years now.”
Haruka placed her thumb over her chin and hummed as she swayed slightly side to side, a tic she
developed as a teenager that came out whenever she was thinking about something. “Hmm…
Where have I seen you before…?”
“Uh, actually, I just remembered, I have to go take care of something upstairs,” the bartender said
suddenly, excusing himself and walking around the corner and up the stairs.
“What an odd man,” Haruka commented aloud.
“Yeah. He likes his noodles cold,” the other woman at the bar replied. “Oddly dodgy about his past,
though.”
Haruka turned to look at the woman. “Oh? Are you a regular here?”
“I’m about as regular as it gets,” the woman replied. “It’s… sort of depressing, actually, and my
liver hates me for it. Anyway. You know Nan-chan?”
Haruka tilted her head. “Who?”
“Nanba.”
“Oh! No, not really. It’s just… I’m looking for somebody and he sent me here.”
“Hmm. Well, I’m Saeko,” the woman greeted. “I didn’t catch your name.”
“Haruka Sawamura."
Saeko raised an eyebrow. “Sawamura…” She appeared to be thinking about something, before
seemingly shaking the thought off. “Well. Nice to meet you.”
Haruka shook her hand. It was so soft. “Haruka is fine,” she said.
“Well, Haruka, I pretty much know everybody that comes through here,” Saeko explained, “so if
you need to find somebody, I can probably send you in the right direction.”
Haruka smiled at her. “That would be great, thank you. I’m looking for Ichiban Kasuga. Do you
know him?”

Haruka frowned, then scowled and looked away from her. “Ichiban… that asshole…”
Haruka raised her eyebrows. “Uh, is everything alright?”
“Yeah, I know where Ichiban’s at,” Saeko said, now fully glaring. “If you’re looking for disloyal
pieces of shit, he’s your guy.”
“Um, if it’s too much trouble—"
“No, you know what? I’ve got shit I need to say to him too,” Saeko said, standing up. “Come on.
Let’s go find him.”
Haruka watched her walk to the exit. “O…kay?” Shrugging, Haruka stood up and followed Saeko
out.
Nearby, the bartender watched them leave.
“Haruka Sawamura…” he muttered. “Been a long time since I heard that name. Hope you’ve been
taking care of yourself with Kiryu gone.”
Haruka followed Saeko out. Suddenly, it was Saeko on a mission, not her. “Uh, Saeko! It seems
like you’ve had a few drinks. Don’t you maybe want to sober up before—!” she stopped in her
tracks as several men in masks stepped in front of Saeko. “Oh, I don’t like the looks of this,” she
muttered.
“Move it,” Saeko ordered. “I’m on my way to kick someone’s ass, so if you don’t get out of my
way, your ass is getting beat instead.”
One of the men looked at another one, then shouted something in Chinese. Haruka’s eyes widened.
“Huh?”
The man turned to Haruka and glared at her, then spoke to her in Japanese. “You gotta go. You have
a lot of enemies, girl.”
“Excuse me?” Saeko asked incredulously. “Are you guys Liumang? Hey, does your boss know you
lowlifes are going around picking on civilians?”
“Our issue not with you. The girl has to go.”
“What?” Saeko asked. Haruka backed up from them, but Saeko put a hand on her shoulder. “Hey.
You know how to fight?”
“I mean… not really?”
“Well, now’s a good time to learn,” Saeko responded, putting her fists up. “These assholes seem to
have a problem with you. Just so happens, I know their old boss. So how’s this sound? We’re gonna
kick their asses, and then we’re gonna go tell Zhao his boys are being dicks. That sound good to
you guys?!” she shouted to their attackers, who started to move forward. “Alright, then. Fine by
me. You ready, Haruka?!”
Haruka looked at Saeko, then her attackers, then for an escape route. She couldn’t find one. There
was only one option. She took a defensive pose and stood next to Saeko, nodding. “Ready!”

“Alright, then. Come at us, you limpdick freaks!” Saeko exclaimed.

Chapter 3: Yokohama Crackhouse
Chapter Summary

Haruka learns to fight and Saeko learns an uncomfortable secret.

How do I get into these situations? Haruka thought to herself as she and Saeko braced themselves
for attack.
The two women were up against four assailants from the Yokohama Liumang, two of whom
wielded blades. Saeko seemed to be utilizing her handbag as a weapon, but as Haruka wasn’t
exactly expecting to get into any fights, she was stuck with her fists.
Saeko looked over at her. “Hey. You can do this. Just take your time and think about your attack.
There’s no shame in taking a few hits if it means you can hit them where you know it hurts. Icchan
— ugh. Somebody who shall remain nameless once told me it’s easier if you think about it like a
video game.”
“A video game…?” Haruka asked.
“Yeah. I thought it was stupid as hell too. But… It works. Trust me on this.”
Haruka nodded. “Okay.”
“Here, I’ll go first. Watch and learn.” Saeko glared at their assailants and attacked, running at one
of them with her handbag and hitting him with it. She followed this up with a swift kick at his
ankles, tripping him and sending him crashing to the ground. He didn’t get back up.
“Whoa!” Haruka exclaimed.
Saeko smiled at her. “See? Easy. Your turn!”
Haruka nodded and glared at one of the remaining Liumang. She didn’t know how to fight… but
she did know someone who did. She closed her eyes and tried to remember.
“If you want to die, then step up!”
Haruka opened her eyes and gasped. “I got it!” she exclaimed. She was having a REVELATION!
In her mind, she could see herself executing basic kicks and punches, emulating the brawler
fighting style of somebody very dear to her. Her memory was hazy, so these attacks wouldn’t be
very powerful, but it was a start.
She ran at the enemy in front of her and threw two light punches, followed by a finishing punch to
his nose, which sent him to the ground.

“Nice one!” Saeko congratulated. “Doesn’t really seem like your style, but it works. For now,
anyway.”
But it was too early to celebrate. There were still two other combatants on the battlefield, and it was
their turn to attack. The first one ran at Saeko and swung his blade, but she dodged his attack
unscathed. The second one ran at Haruka and swung his blade as well.
“You’re gonna want to block that!” Saeko warned.
“Ah!” Haruka exclaimed as she quickly held her hands up, not exactly knowing how one is meant
to block an attack from a sword-brandishing triad. This wound up helping her anyway; the handle
caught on her hands, which still hurt like hell, but it definitely hurt way less than it would have if
the blade had connected instead. She needed this guy away from her, so she reacted quickly and
thrust an open palm into his face, sending him stumbling backwards into Saeko, who clocked him
across the head with her handbag, knocking him out cold.
She glared at the final enemy. His expression was hard to read since he had the mask on, but she
thought he must have been scared, since he turned and ran.
Saeko raised an eyebrow and glanced at Haruka. “Huh. Not like the Liumang to run like that. Think
we scared them that badly?”
Haruka shook her head. “They didn’t want to fight us to begin with.”
“Huh?”
“The guy who ran off said something to the others before they attacked,” she explained. “He said
something about going easy on us.”
“You speak Chinese?” Saeko questioned.
Haruka shook her head. “Only a little. My husband was Chinese by heritage. He didn’t speak it
around us often, but I managed to pick some up from him. The man told his companions not to hurt
us, and then he gave a name… whoever was giving them orders, I guess.”
“Who’s giving the orders?”
“I think… somebody named Seonhee?” Haruka replied.
Saeko nodded. “Yeah, I thought I heard her name in there, wasn’t sure though since I couldn’t
understand anything else they were saying.”
“Do you know her?”
“She’s the Liumang’s current leader,” she explained. “Zhao, the guy I mentioned earlier, used to
be… still kind of is… but Seonhee’s the one that actually barks orders to everyone. She’s ALSO
the leader of the Geomijul, which effectively means she runs the town. The parts that the yakuza
don’t run, anyway. Question is… why would she be siccing her boys on you?”
Haruka thought about it. “Well… I was told that the Ijin Three didn’t like outsiders. Maybe I
shouldn’t have been giving my name out.”

“Yeah, not if you wanna keep that idol past of yours a secret,” Saeko chided. She responded to the
surprised look she got afterwards with “I didn’t wanna bring it up, because I’m sure you don’t like
talking about it, but… as soon as you told me your name I knew who you were. Your stunt at the
Japan Dome made big headlines in Kanto, you know.”
Haruka grumbled. “That was ten years ago… how do people still remember that?”
“Yeah, like I said. Stop giving your name out and you’ll be fine.”
Haruka sighed and bowed her head slightly. “I’m so sorry for causing all of this trouble. Could you
just… point me to Ichiban Kasuga so that I can get out of your hair?”
Saeko chuckled. “If you think you’re stuck in my hair, you’ll REALLY get tangled in his. As much
as I don’t really want to see him right now, I’ll take you to him… but first, I wanna make sure you
aren’t getting attacked left and right by gangsters from all across Asia. Come on, let’s head to
Geomijul.”
“They’re… the ones who called the hit.”
“Yup.”
“And you think walking in there is a good idea?”
“Hey, it’ll be fine! I know them! I’ll vouch for you,” Saeko assured her. “Just gotta let Seonhee
know you’re not bringing the whole Tojo Clan with you and you’ll be good.” She started down the
street, then stopped and looked back at Haruka. “You’re… not bringing the whole Tojo Clan with
you, right? Like… they’re not planning a comeback or anything?”
“How would I know?” Haruka asked. “My only connection to them was through my father, and he
died in 2016. I didn’t even know they were disbanding until it hit the newspapers, same as you.”
Saeko laughed. “Heh… well, actually, I was… ah, never mind, it’s not important. Come on. It’s this
way.”
***
~Where Do You Hang Your Hat?~
As Haruka and Saeko walked together towards Geomijul, Haruka looked around and took in the
sights. “Wow… Ijincho is so much bigger than what I’m used to…”
Saeko nodded. “Bigger than Sotenbori, at least. Although… I can't imagine you still live there,
what with the bad press you had at the time, and the way the paparazzi was probably hounding you.
Where do you hang your hat now?”
“I don’t have any hats…?” Haruka replied, confused.
“Huh? No, I mean… you know, where do you live? What part of Japan?”
“Oh! Well, I run an orphanage in Okinawa, about an hour outside the town of Ryukyu. Actually, I
only lived in Osaka for about six months.”
“An orphanage? Oh my god, that’s awesome! You must really like working with kids.”

“Well, I am a mother, so…”
Saeko was shocked. “Seriously? At your age?!”
“I’m 26.”
Saeko hummed. “Honestly? You could probably pass for twenty. You’ve got this youthful look
about you. You don’t smoke, do you?”
Haruka shook her head. “No. And I always made my husband take it outside when he needed a
cigarette. Haha… he was lucky it doesn’t get cold in Okinawa often.”
“Heh. That’ll do it. …I wonder if I’ll ever have kids…?”
They were both silent for a moment as they kept walking.
“…You don’t even own one hat?” Saeko asked, raising an eyebrow.
“Well… I do have a straw hat from when I was a kid…” Haruka admitted.
***
As the two women walked down the alley that ran through the center of Koreatown, Haruka looked
nervously around them. There were no people around, and yet… “I feel like we’re being watched,”
she muttered anxiously.
“We are,” Saeko replied. “These guys have cameras everywhere. Don’t you, Seonhee?” she said
loudly, glaring into a CCTV camera hanging from a nearby ceiling. “That’s just one of the visible
ones. They’ve… probably had eyes on you since you came into town.”
Haruka felt violated. “That’s so creepy!” she complained.
“Eh, you get used to it.”
They kept walking down the alley.
“Hey, Haruka?”
“Yeah?”
“So… don’t look now, but… you totally noticed we’re being followed, right?”
Haruka nodded. Three Koreans in face masks had started following them. “Yeah. About a block
now.”
Saeko chuckled. “Longer than that, I’m sure. Left here.”
They turned left down a branching alleyway, which led to a dead end. Haruka sighed and looked at
Saeko, who smirked at her as they slowly turned around to face their pursuers. “Does this happen to
you a lot?” Haruka asked.
Saeko shrugged. “When you’re friends with an ex-yakuza it does tend to, yeah.”

“I married one, this never happens to me,” Haruka grumbled. Well, not anymore, anyway. She
glared at their pursuers. “Listen,” she said, although she knew this would be futile. “I don’t know
what your problem with me is. Maybe it’s just because I’m not from around here… maybe it’s
because of who my father was. I’m not sure why any of that matters to you. I’m not here to cause
any problems. I’m here to secure a better future for a group of kids who were dealt a bad hand in
life. Kazuma Kiryu was there to give me a better life, and now I’m doing the same for a new
generation of kids.
“So your attempts at intimidation won’t work. I came here to do something, and I am going. To. Do
it. If you want to stop me… then step up! I won’t be frightened away!”
Saeko smirked and got ready to fight. “Something tells me this isn’t your first rodeo after all.”
“I didn’t exactly have a normal childhood,” Haruka admitted in response.
“That you did not,” a third female voice replied.
Haruka’s eyes widened. “Huh?”
A well-dressed, slender Korean woman with pink hair and red lipstick had suddenly made her way
past Haruka’s assailants and was walking towards her and Saeko. “At age nine, you ran away from
Sunflower Orphanage in the Tokyo countryside and made your way, by yourself, into the red light
district of Kamurocho in search of your birth mother, Mizuki Sawamura, an alias used by Yumi
Sawamura, who had placed you under the protection of Sunflower’s founder, Shintaro Kazama of
the Tojo Clan’s Kazama Family. While there, you met the Dragon of Dojima, an ex-yakuza named
Kazuma Kiryu, and the two of you became embroiled in a criminal conspiracy that ascended to the
highest echelons of Japanese society. After all of that, he adopted you and fostered half a dozen
other kids as the director of the Morning Glory orphanage in Okinawa Prefecture.”
Saeko raised an eyebrow. Dragon of Dojima? she thought. Where have I heard that before?
“Since then, you’ve come face to face with criminals of all sorts, be they from the Omi Alliance,
foreign criminal syndicates, the United States Central Intelligence Agency, and even your father’s
own Tojo Clan, even as you began a high profile career as an idol singer with an Osaka-based talent
management firm. You walked out on your first major-label concert after revealing to the world
your ties to the yakuza, Kiryu was arrested, and you ran off to Hiroshima after facing harassment
from a Bleach Japan hate campaign. Trust me, we’ve done all of our research.”
“Listen, Seonhee,” Saeko pleaded, “Haruka’s not here to cause any trouble. Can you maybe call off
the hit, or at least tell us why Geomijul wants her gone?”
The woman—Seonhee—was silent for a moment, then said “I cannot. All I can say is that Haruka
can’t stay in Ijincho.”
“If you’ve really done your research, you’ll know I’m not backing down,” Haruka responded,
determined.
Seonhee sighed. “Yeah. I was afraid of that. I guess we have no choice.” She glanced at the
Geomijul attackers… then nodded towards Haruka and Saeko. “Our clients said not to kill her.
They didn’t say anything about putting her in the hospital.” The attackers stepped forward.

“You’ve gotta be fucking kidding me,” Saeko grumbled, getting ready for another fight. “Hey
Seonhee, you know, Ichiban might have a problem with hitting women, but he’s not here and I sure
as hell don’t. Once we’re done kicking your attack dogs’ asses, you’re next!”
“Do they have crossbows ?!” Haruka exclaimed. Two of the men did in fact have crossbows. “Are
you sure they’re not trying to kill us?!”
Saeko shook her head. “Nah. Seonhee’s a friend. She wouldn’t do that. Sometimes, though, friends
need to be put in their place.”
“Is that so?” Haruka asked. She chuckled. “Come to think of it… I think Uncle Kaz had to do the
same a few times. Alright, then. Ready when you are!”
These enemies were much tougher than the Liumang assassins they had fought earlier. They were
definitely still holding back, but they also were clearly aiming to injure this time around, putting
Haruka more on the defensive. She gasped and dodged a crossbow bolt that shot towards her,
which embedded itself in the wall behind her. “I’m just trying to make some money!” Haruka
complained.
“So are they,” Saeko pointed out.
“This seems excessive!”
“Welcome to Ijincho.”
One of the Geomijul assassins ran towards Haruka and hit her, hard, knocking her down. Saeko
looked over at her, concerned. “Haruka!”
Haruka glared up at her attacker, propped herself up with a hand, and knocked him over with a
sweeping kick at his ankles, repurposing a dance move she’d learned in her idol days. Haruka then
stood up and followed this up by kicking his face, sending him flying across the floor. “So all of
that dance battling WAS useful for something after all,” she gloated.
Saeko used the spectacle as an opportunity to knock her own attacker out cold with a swift punch to
the face. “Those moves were like something out of an Osaka breaker battle,” she commented,
looking at Haruka, who roundhouse kicked another oncoming attacker.
“I think I’m getting the hang of this!” Haruka replied. She ran at the fourth attacker and yelled out
as she got down and slid towards him, knocking him off his feet and sending him into the air;
Saeko followed up and jump-kicked over Haruka’s head, making contact with the unfortunate
man’s face and sending him flying across the alley. “Never danced with a team before!” Haruka
laughed as she stood up.
Seonhee scoffed and stepped forward, joining the battle. “You have some nice moves, but playtime
is over.” She pulled out a handgun and a serrated knife, holding the knife in her left and the gun in
her right. She braced her gun hand against the knife hand for stability and smirked. “Let’s see how
you do in a real fight.” She yelled out and ran towards Haruka and swung her knife. Haruka dodged
and rolled backwards. Saeko ran up to Seonhee and hit her once with her handbag, then swept at
her ankles with her foot. This knocked the woman over, but she quickly rolled and stood back up.
Haruka ran up to Seonhee, punched her twice, then roundhouse kicked her face.

Seonhee growled, dived sideways, and shot at Haruka. The shot hit her in the chest and she gasped
in pain and surprise. Saeko gasped as well. “Haruka!”
Haruka coughed and leaned forward. The bullet fell out of her shirt and into her hand. She held it
up to her face and examined it, then sighed in relief and dropped it on the floor. “Rubber-tipped
bullet,” she explained. “Hurts a lot. Not very deadly. My husband worked in private security, they
used these to put down troublemakers in the city.”
Saeko rolled her eyes. “Ugh. That is so stupid.” Saeko glared at Seonhee and made her move, a fast
Boxercise Blow, a punching technique she’d learned from boxercise classes. Seonhee grunted in
pain, but it wasn’t over yet; Haruka had recovered enough to follow up the attack by kicking her in
the back.
“You’re pretty good, for someone who’s never fought before,” Seonhee said to Haruka. “Let’s see
how fast you are.” She ran at Haruka, pointed the gun at her face, and fired. Haruka was somehow
able to sidestep the bullet, but Seonhee anticipated this and swung the knife at her side. Haruka was
able to dodge this too, using some dance moves from her idol days to sidestep all of the many,
many quick slashes Seonhee was making. Seonhee growled and jumped at Haruka with one last
stabbing motion, but Saeko pushed Haruka out of the way and the knife became embedded in the
wall behind Haruka, which allowed Haruka and Saeko to get behind Seonhee while she struggled
to pull the knife out.
Haruka and Saeko nodded at each other and both ran at Seonhee, delivering two simultaneous kicks
to her back, sending her forwards into the wall and causing her chest to collide with the knife
handle, completely knocking all of the wind out of her. She coughed violently and fell onto the
ground, defeated.
“What a waste of our time,” Saeko scoffed as pulled a pack of cigarettes out of her handbag. She
took one out and lit it, taking a small drag from the cigarette and blowing the smoke out a moment
later. “Hey, Seonhee, you know this isn’t how we’re supposed to welcome guests, right?”
Seonhee groaned in pain in response.
Saeko glanced at Haruka. “I think you two’ll get along once she eases up a bit,” she chuckled.
Haruka cast a worried glance at Seonhee. “I don’t think I want to be her friend…”
“Neither did I, once upon a time,” Saeko commented. “She grows on you.”
“Well damn, looks like I got worried for nothing,” a male voice said behind them. Haruka and
Saeko turned around to see who was approaching them.
It was Nanba, the homeless man Haruka had met earlier.
“Dude! Took you long enough!” Saeko exclaimed as she put out her cigarette. “We could’ve used
your help back there!”
“Eh, you guys looked like you had it covered,” Nanba excused. “Besides, uh, technically I’m
supposed to be on her side,” he said as he gestured to Seonhee, who was slowly standing back up.
“Nanba-san,” Haruka greeted. “I went to Survive like you said, but Kasuga-san wasn’t there.”

“Yeah, about that,” Nanba said sheepishly, scratching the back of his neck, “I… sort of knew he
wasn’t gonna be there.”
“Huh?”
“See, Ichi left town a few days ago,” Nanba said.
Saeko’s eyes widened. “What?” she said softly.
“He took Adachi and the others down south to look into something Zhao wanted to check up on,”
Nanba explained.
“And he didn’t say anything to me?” Saeko asked.
“I’m not surprised,” Seonhee interjected as she joined the group, having fully recovered from the
beat down. “I mean, after the things you said to him…” Haruka gasped and took a step back from
Seonhee, who rolled her eyes. “Relax. I’m done fighting for now.”
“You tried to kill me…” Haruka muttered.
“No. I tried to maim you.”
“Anyway,” Nanba interrupted, “the thing they were looking into was apparently… pretty serious.
Serious enough that people might come to Yokohama looking for him. So he asked me to stay
behind and vet anyone that wanted to speak with him. Sorry to… send you on a wild goose chase
like that, Haruka Sawamura.”
Haruka shook her head. “Just Haruka is fine. But… where is he now?”
Nanba shrugged. “Beats me. He didn’t say exactly where he was going. If I had to guess, though, it
had something to do with triads down south.”
“Triads?”
Nanba nodded. “Yeah. See, our buddy Zhao used to lead the Yokohama Liumang. Back then, his
second in command was a guy named Mabuchi. But then Mabuchi sold the gang out to the Omi
Alliance and tried to take over the family, so Zhao was forced to banish him from Ijincho. Since
then, he’s been in hiding, but apparently he’s been making moves in China.
“We just received word a few days ago that he offed some triad bigshot in Kamurocho, and then
another one in Nagoya. Apparently, he’s trying to behead all of the major triad families in Japan, so
that the triad group he’s been working with in China can come in and pick up the pieces. With the
Tojo and Omi gone, that’d make them the largest crime syndicate in Japan. Zhao felt a personal
responsibility to put a stop to it, and of course Ichiban wasn’t gonna let him do that alone, so they
set off to find Mabuchi and talk some sense into him. And, failing that…”
“Wait… they’re gonna kill Mabuchi?” Saeko asked.
Nanba shrugged. “I don’t think so. That’s not Ichi’s style, we all know that. But he said that
whatever Zhao needed to do… whatever line he was willing to cross… he wouldn’t let him do it
alone.”

Hmm, Haruka thought to herself. Sounds familiar. “So that explains why people have been
watching me,” she said, “but if Kasuga-san isn’t here, why do people want me out of Ijincho?” She
turned to Seonhee. “You said you had clients… who are they?”
Seonhee shook her head. “Can’t say.”
Haruka looked down at the floor. “Huh. So… I guess this makes us enemies then, huh? Since you
need me out of Ijincho, and I’m not leaving yet.”
“Huh? But, Ichiban’s not here. Why would you stay?”
Haruka smiled at her. “I came here to do something for those orphans down in Okinawa, and I’m
going to do it. So I’ll wait here until Kasuga is back. I’m sure that’ll cause problems with your
clients, no?”
Seonhee stared at her, seemingly analyzing her. “They told me you’d be tough to scare off,” she
said quietly.
Haruka nodded. “I sure am!”
Saeko placed a hand on Seonhee’s shoulder. “Aaaand… she’s got a party now. ‘Cause I’m not
planning on letting her wander the city alone, and I think Nanba feels the same way, right?” She
looked at Nanba who nodded.
“Yeah. I sort of owe it to her for misleading her.”
“So… you still wanna try and scare her off?” Saeko asked, a smug smile on her face. “Because it’s
only gonna get harder from here.”
Seonhee sighed. “Fine. She can stay. But Geomijul is going to monitor her every move.”
“Like you weren’t gonna anyway,” Saeko scoffed.
“No… but now I have to do it personally,” Seonhee countered.
“What?” Haruka asked.
“Hope you like company, Haruka Sawamura,” Seonhee said, “because I’m not letting you out of
my sight.”
Haruka fell silent, then smiled and nodded. “Alright then, Seonhee. Welcome to the team.”
“We are not a team. I’m holding your leash.”
“I’m feistier than you think,” Haruka laughed as she turned and walked back down the alleyway.
Once she was out of earshot, Saeko turned to Seonhee.
“Seonhee,” she said quietly. “Kazuma Kiryu. Her father. The one that’s dead. Who was he,
exactly?”
Seonhee shrugged. “Just some yakuza that got killed down in Hiroshima back in 2016.”
“And they called him… the Dragon of Dojima?”

“Yeah. He was famous in the Tojo Clan.”
Saeko stared at Seonhee. “That’s what you called that man in the gray suit.”
“Hmm?”
“Back during the Ryo Aoki incident, remember?” Saeko said. “That guy was there when the Tojo
and the Omi dissolved, and then he met us in Geomijul. We never got his name, but you definitely
called him the Dragon of Dojima.” Saeko glanced back at Haruka, who was still walking back to
the main road. “If he died in 2016… how was he helping us in 2019?”
Seonhee frowned. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” she lied.
“Does Haruka know her father is still alive?” Saeko asked, glaring intensely at Seonhee.
“She can’t know,” Seonhee replied.
“Bullshit she can’t know, she needs to know!” Saeko argued.
“Kazuma Kiryu is dead,” Seonhee said sternly. “I can pull up his death certificate for you, if you
want. The hospital signed off on it. The signing was witnessed by one Makoto Date with the Tokyo
PD. He was cremated, and then his bone shards were buried in a graveyard in Okinawa. I have the
location. We can go there, and you can see it for yourself, if you want. There is zero doubt that he’s
dead. And if you want to keep pushing this, you’re only going to get that poor girl’s hopes up. And
then, when he doesn’t show up, you’re only going to break her heart.”
Saeko couldn’t believe her. “Don’t you fucking try and manipulate me like that! Is this what your
clients wanted her out of town for? Because they’re afraid she’ll figure out the truth when she starts
talking to people who saw him here?”
Seonhee was done with this conversation. She started following Haruka and Nanba.
“Seonhee,” Saeko called out to her. “SEONHEE!” Seonhee ignored her. “God dammit,” she
grumbled as she joined the rest.

Chapter 4: The Seventh Chairman
Chapter Summary

In which Haruka and friends join the yakuza.

Haruka and her new party were walking back towards the Bar District in relative silence. She still
wasn’t comfortable around Seonhee, and nobody else had very much to say at this time. On their
way there, they noticed three guys in suits and sunglasses standing near the Fukutoku Bridge.
“I’m tellin’ you, aniki, maybe it’s time we cut our losses and head back to Osaka,” one of them,
clearly an underling, said with a resigned tone. “This hasn’t exactly been going well for us so far.”
“Idiot!” the supposed leader scolded. “The reason things haven’t been going well is because you
two fools don’t know how to follow instructions!”
“Hey!” the third one exclaimed. “Don’t drag me into this! I’ve been doing everything you’ve been
telling us, the problem is you’re a shit yakuza and you’re an even worse boss! You have no idea
what you’re doing!”
“Is that how you talk to your elders?” the leader said threateningly. “Remember that I had seniority
over you in the Tojo Clan.”
“You joined up a day earlier than me!”
“Excuse me,” Haruka interrupted as she approached them. “Is everything okay?”
The leader turned to face her and scowled at her. “Everything’s fine! As it turns out, we’re with the
Tojo Clan, so you better watch your step!”
~Substory 01 - The Seventh Chairman~
Haruka glanced at her companions, who shrugged. “Tojo Clan?” she asked. “The Tojo Clan
disbanded.”
“Yeah, that’s what everyone thinks,” the yakuza leader chuckled. “But the truth is, we’re back, and
we’re here to fuck shit up!”
Haruka tilted her head. “But there’s only three of you.”
“Is that a threat?!”
Haruka shook her head. “No, it’s just… it seems like you’re outnumbered by every other gang in
Ijincho.”
“Including ours,” Nanba added.

Haruka shook her head. “We’re not a gang, Nanba-san.”
“Ehhh… we’re sort of a gang.”
One of the other yakuza tapped his boss on the shoulder. “Hold up, boss. I recognize this girl. This
is, uh… this is that idol my daughter likes! The Fourth Chairman’s little girl!”
Haruka’s eyes widened. “What?”
The three men looked at her in silence for a moment, and then the leader gasped and looked at his
companions. “Well what are you idiots doing standing around for?! On your hands and knees!”
Haruka frowned. “What?”
The three men got down on their hands and knees and bowed before her. “WE’RE SO VERY
SORRY FOR DISRESPECTING YOU!!” they yelled at the top of their lungs, causing passerby to
stare. Haruka gasped and looked around at all of the people who were stopping to see what the
commotion was.
“People are staring! Please stand up!” Haruka demanded in a hushed tone. What the hell do they
think they’re doing?!
The three men stood on their feet. “Oh, it’s so great to see you, Sawamura-sama!”
“I don’t believe I know you three.”
The leader chuckled. “Yeah, I didn’t think you would. I’m Yokoyama. These two chucklefucks are
Nomura and Arakawa.”
Nomura and Arakawa waved. “No relation to Patriarch Arakawa,” Arakawa clarified.
“We used to be Majima Family before the Great Dissolution,” Yokoyama explained. “But when we
started, we were in the Kazama Family. We were supposed to be moved to the Kiryu Family in ‘95.
We joined up with the yakuza because we admired him so much!” He looked down at the ground
sadly. “After he went to prison, we waited for him to be released… but then he got expelled from
the Tojo Clan. We lost all hope.
“After Chairman Sera made him the fourth chairman, we were overjoyed! But then he stepped
down again, and we had no idea why.” He looked up and smiled at Haruka. “When we learned it
was because of you, we didn’t understand. Who would throw all of that power away for a child? It
wasn’t until years later, when all three of us had daughters of our own, that we understood. We
would do anything for them, just like he would for you. That’s why we admire the Fourth Chairman
more than ever now. Even though he’s gone, we still look up to him. That’s why we’re gonna
reform the Tojo Clan in his image!”
Saeko hummed. “Hmm. And how’s that going?”
Yokoyama frowned and sighed. “Well, actually, not that great,” he said glumly. “See… there’s a
reason we were always tasked with grunt work. None of us really have any sort of leadership skills,
so we couldn’t be trusted with families of our own. If we had somebody like Kiryu-san with us
again, we’d be unstoppable though!” He stared at Haruka, then looked at the group she had with
her. “Hey… are you starting a yakuza family too?”

Haruka was taken aback. “H-huh?!”
“You must be! You’ve got soldiers and everything!”
Nanba frowned. “Hey, wait, that makes it sound like we work for her. We don’t. We’re just helping
her out.”
“That’s sort of the same thing,” Saeko mused. “Except we’re not getting paid.”
“This is perfect!” Yokoyama cheered. “You’re the Fourth Chairman’s daughter. Since nobody else
is stepping up, that means you’re next in line to lead the Tojo Clan!”
“Is that how that works?” Nanba asked.
“Yeah, I thought women weren’t allowed in the yakuza,” Saeko said. “Much less in a leadership
position.”
“Well, if she becomes the seventh chairman, she can change that rule!”
Nanba crossed his arms and thought about it. “Huh… well, it’s hard to argue with that logic,” he
mused.
“Besides, it’s 2022,” Yokoyama continued. “We gotta get with the times! Women are in all kinds of
leadership roles these days. The Governor of Tokyo’s a woman now! Why, a woman might even be
Prime Minister one day! So please, Haruka Sawamura… won’t you let us join your family, so that
we can make the Fourth Chairman proud?”
Haruka didn’t like this idea. “Listen… you guys have the wrong idea. These are just my friends.
We’re not a yakuza family. I don’t want anything to do with that life.”
Saeko put a hand on her shoulder. “I think you should do it.”
“Seriously?”
“Yeah! Look, these guys clearly need structure,” she pointed out. “Honestly, they’re a bit sad to
look at right now. At least teach them what kind of a yakuza Kiryu would’ve wanted them to be.
I’ll be your captain!"
“Why can’t I be the captain?” Nanba asked, raising an eyebrow.
“The future is female, Nan-chan,” Saeko teased.
Haruka sighed. “Fine… I suppose you three can join us for a bit.”
Haruka Sawamura. First Matriarch of the Sawamura Family, a Tojo Clan subsidiary.
“B-but you have to work the way I say, got it?”
Yokoyama nodded. “Of course, Chairwoman Sawamura! We’ll do whatever you and the captain
here say!”
Saeko smirked. “Hmph! That’s what I like to hear! And that’s Captain Mukoda to you, got it?”

“I think you’re enjoying this a little too much…” Haruka groaned.
“Oh yeah. I’m gonna milk this for all it’s worth.”
“So whaddya want us to do first boss?” Arakawa asked.
Haruka thought about it. “Hmmm…”
“Oh! How about collections?” Saeko suggested.
“What?” Haruka asked. “We’re not loan sharks!”
“No, but, I do know a real piece of shit who still owes my sister money,” Saeko explained. “My
sister, Nanoha, used to date this piece of shit loan shark who was using her to make a quick buck.
She worked her ass off in a soapland just to ‘help’ him with his business’s finances. He was
pocketing it the whole time.”
“That’s awful…”
“Yeah. Ichiban and I went in there and kicked his ass, so he broke up with her, but apparently, he
hasn’t paid her back everything he owes. I was going to go teach him another lesson, but bringing
these yakuza looking guys would probably scare the shit out of him, don’t you think?”
Haruka thought about this. On one hand, she didn’t want to threaten or intimidate anybody. On the
other hand, if this man was taking advantage of Saeko’s sister, and Saeko was going to want to do
something about it anyway…
Saeko didn’t wait for an answer. “Great! Let’s go.”
“At once, Captain Mukoda!” the three men exclaimed simultaneously as they started to follow
Saeko, leaving Haruka flabbergasted.
“W-wait a second!” she called out to them. “I didn’t say we could do that! I haven’t decided yet!”
“Gotta say, you kind of suck at being a yakuza,” Nanba joked. “Your captain’s usurping you.”
Haruka glared at him. “I’m just saying. Don’t take my finger over it or anything.”
Haruka sighed.
***
The group arrived at the offices of the company run by Katsuragawa, Nanoha Mukoda’s exboyfriend. Or, at least, that’s what Saeko said; none of the offices were marked. Haruka glanced at
her companion. “What does this guy do again?”
Saeko chuckled and shook her head. “It’s a shell company he can pour all of his money into to
avoid paying taxes. He ‘invests’ his savings into it, and then the company doesn’t actually turn that
into any sort of profit, so he gets a bunch of tax breaks. His actual income comes from conning
young women out of their own savings. He still has ¥2,000,000 from Nanoha.”
“Tch. Scumbag…” Haruka muttered.

“You sound just like the Fourth Chairman!” Yokoyama exclaimed with glee. “You’re a natural
yakuza already!”
“Do yakuza exclaim loudly that they’re yakuza?” Haruka asked, glancing at any who might be
listening.
“They have their names on office buildings,” Saeko pointed out. “They’re not hard to find.”
“I just don’t want people to get the wrong idea about me!”
Saeko put a hand on her shoulder and gave her a somewhat facetiously sympathetic look. “Sorry to
tell ya… they got the wrong idea about you at the Japan Dome ten years ago. It’s a bit late to be
cleaning your image up now."
Haruka pouted, causing Saeko to smirk. “You’re the worst,” Haruka grumbled.
“Heh. Lighten up,” Saeko advised. “Living in a gray zone doesn’t have to be so depressing. And
with friends like these,” she added, gesturing to herself, Nanba, and Seonhee, “You’ll find it can
actually be pretty fun.”
Haruka shook her head. “I’m not here for fun. I’m here to get money for my orphanage.”
“Well, if you’re gonna be doing business with Ichiban, I’m sorry to say, fun is mandatory.”
Nanba nodded. “It’s true. We clock in for fun times in his party.”
Haruka tilted her head. “Say… why do you guys keep calling the group a ‘party’ anyway? Isn’t that
a video gaming term?”
“Yeah, Ichiban lives a Dragon Quest fantasy,” Saeko explained.
“And he’s drawn the rest of us into it,” Nanba added. “Life’s more fun that way. Hang around us
long enough and you’ll end up as delusional as the rest of us.”
“I hope not…”
“Anyway. Are you guys ready to make collections?” Saeko asked.
“Not really,” Haruka responded.
“Yes we are, Captain Mukoda!” the three moronic yakuza accompanying the party exclaimed in
unison. They charged the door ahead, leading the group into Katsuragawa’s office.
“Hey!” Katsuragawa exclaimed, standing up from his desk. “What the fuck?!”
The yakuza stepped aside as Saeko strolled into the office, glaring at the man. “Katsuragawa.
How’s business?”
Katsuragawa squinted at Saeko, trying to figure out who she was. “…Nanoha? What are you doing
here? Who are these yakuza-looking motherfuckers?”
“Heh. I’m not Nanoha. Just somebody who’s looking out for her. And these guys… well, when you
don’t pay your debts, they’re what you get,” Saeko threatened. Nanba, Haruka, and Seonhee

stepped in as well after she said this.
“That was really lame,” Nanba chastised.
“Yeah, seriously,” Haruka agreed. She looked at Katsuragawa. He didn’t seem so tough. “You owe
Nanoha Mukoda ¥2,000,000. Do you have the money with you? Because if so, it would be a lot
easier if you just paid up.”
“You bitches don’t scare me!” Katsuragawa laughed, sitting back down at his desk. “Hey, where’s
that asshole with the goofy haircut? He taking the day off?” Three men in suits entered the room
from a door in the back as he said this. Katsuragawa glanced at them and smirked. “Took you idiots
long enough. These shitheads hired a yakuza family to shake me down. Take care of them for me,
would ya?”
Haruka and Saeko stepped forward, ready for a fight, but their yakuza friends stepped in front of
them. “Let us deal with these guys, boss!” Yokoyama demanded. “The captain and the matriarch
shouldn’t have to get their hands dirty dealing with scum like this!” Just then, one of Katsuragawa’s
bodyguards approached him and punched him in the face. “Agh!” he yelled as he fell to the ground,
unconscious. His allies were similarly dealt with in short order.
“The Tojo Clan isn’t sending their best,” Saeko quipped. “Hey, Katsuragawa. Last chance. Give us
Nanoha’s money or we’re gonna have to kick your ass again.”
“Come get it,” Katsuragawa taunted, standing up and taking a switchblade out of his pocket.
Since fighting Seonhee, Haruka had been thinking about ways she could enhance her combat
abilities. She hated to admit it, because this is not the life Uncle Kaz would’ve wanted for her, but
she was starting to enjoy the thrill of the fight. There was this rush of adrenaline whenever she got
into a fight that she had not felt in a very, very long time, and she started to find herself feeling
genuinely excited whenever she got the chance to prove she was no longer the damsel in distress
she was for most of her life.
It was an excitement she hadn’t felt since her days on stage in the Princess League… as she
pictured herself on that stage, dancing to her hit single “So Much More”, she suddenly realized that
many of those dance moves could be applied to combat as well, as she had done during her fight
with Seonhee.
Haruka opened her eyes and gasped. “I got it!” she exclaimed. She was having a REVELATION!
Backflips, backspins, hand glides, and more— Haruka realized that she could kick some serious ass
with these moves. Nothing could beat the job of being a mother, but being an idol sure was a close
second.
She ran up to one of the body guards and used a hand glide to knock him off his feet, which Saeko
followed up by jumping over her back and kicking the man in the face, sending him flying across
the room. Saeko then took this opportunity to knee another nearby goon in the groin, causing him
to double over in pain. Katsuragawa ran up to Haruka and slashed at her with his blade, causing her
to bleed.
“Ah!” she groaned in pain.

“Here,” Nanba said, handing her a Staminan energy drink. “Won’t stop the bleeding, but it’ll keep
your energy up.”
“Thank you,” Haruka said, graciously bowing. She chugged the drink and instantly felt better.
Nanba nodded, gave a thumbs up, then pulled his hood up over his head and approached
Katsuragawa, drinking out of a flask as he did so. He pulled out a lighter and belched into the open
flame, causing a large trail of fire to spew out onto the man and light his clothes aflame. The
display was so fantastical that Haruka began to seriously question if it was real or if she was
imagining things.
This was followed by a move from Seonhee. She ran up to Katsuragawa, kicked him in the chest,
then roundhouse kicked him, and then used her ankle to push him to the ground, landing him in a
spot with a pretty nice view—a view which he soon couldn’t focus on as the woman had twisted his
neck with her thigh, leaving him in immense pain. She then stood up and smirked at him.
The fight didn’t last much longer than that. Once his bodyguards were dealt with, Haruka was
actually the one to deal the final blow to Katsuragawa, having performed a backflip she learned
from another aspiring idol back in Sotenbori to deliver a powerful blow to his chin, knocking him
to the floor and ending the battle.
“Agh!” he groaned as he tried to stand back up. “You whores don’t know who you’re messing
with!”
Haruka sighed and knelt down, holding out a hand. “Come on, get up,” she said.
“Fuck you!” he spat.
“Seriously. Stand up. You’re making me feel bad now.” Haruka put her hands on her hips. “How
hard is it to just pay back the money you conned Nanoha out of?”
Yokoyama finally stood back up around this time, groaning in pain. “Ah… hey! Bastard! The boss
is talking to you!” he yelled out, walking up to Katsuragawa.
“It’s fine, Yokoyama-san,” Haruka tried to assure him, but to no avail.
“Like hell it is!” he yelled, pulling a knife out of his pocket.
“Ah! Yokoyama-san!” Haruka cried out as he grabbed Katsuragawa by the collar and pinned him to
the table.
“Do you know who you’re fucking with?!” Yokoyama screamed. “Huh?! That’s the future of the
Tojo Clan right there!”
“Ah!” Katsuragawa screamed and struggled. “Let go of me, you gorilla! Shit! Shit! I’ll pay! I swear
to god, I’ll pay!”
“I’m not sure I believe you!” Yokoyama responded. “Maybe I oughta take a finger for insurance,
huh? Does that sound like a fair deal?!”
“Yokoyama-san, STOP!” Haruka demanded, causing Yokoyama to look up at her.
“Huh? But this guy needs to be taught a lesson!”

“I think he’s learned his lesson,” Saeko pointed out. “Smell that? I think he pissed himself. You
don’t have to go any further.”
“Yokoyama-san, this isn’t the way I want this to go down,” Haruka pleaded. “He’s a jerk, sure. But
you’re really scaring me. Let him go before you do something you’ll regret.”
Yokoyama looked down at Katsuragawa, who was still struggling in his grip. Sighing, he let go of
the man, who fell onto the floor and backed up against the wall.
“You people are fucking nuts!” he yelled out, scrambling to a filing cabinet along the wall. “Here,
this- this isn’t everything, but I’ll get you the rest soon, I promise!” He held out a stack of bills.
Haruka cast a worried glance to Saeko, who sighed and grabbed the money, counting it out. She
halved the stack, pocketed one half, and left the other half on the desk.
“Keep the rest,” Saeko muttered. “There’s a right and a wrong way to get money out of scumbags.
That was the wrong way.” She started to walk out of the room, but stopped in her tracks and glared
at Katsuragawa. “Don’t let me hear about you scamming young women in Ijincho again, alright?”
Then she turned back to the door. “Let’s get out of here.”
Once the group was outside, Saeko handed the money to Nanba. “Nan-chan, can you get this to
Nanoha for me?”
Haruka raised an eyebrow. “Huh? Wait, shouldn’t you be the one to do it?”
Saeko looked… really sad. “Can I count on you, Nanba?”
“Yeah, of course,” Nanba said, nodding. “I’ll meet you at Survive later.” With that, he took off, and
Saeko looked back at Haruka.
“Let me buy you a drink,” Saeko offered. “Seonhee, can we get some privacy? Don’t worry, I’ll
keep an eye on Haruka.”
Seonhee nodded. “Yeah. I’ll go help Nanba find your sister.”
“Thanks.” Seonhee followed Nanba, leaving Saeko, Haruka, and the three yakuza alone. Haruka
turned to glare at the men.
“What the hell was that?” she asked. “Was that what you think Uncle Kaz— I mean, the fourth
chairman would’ve wanted?”
The men glanced at each other, then back at Haruka. “What do you mean?” Yokoyama asked. “Do
you know what your father did in the yakuza? He was a debt collector. He used to do all of that and
worse to a lot nicer people than that guy. What, did you think he was some kind of saint?"
“You said you wanted to reform the Tojo Clan in his image,” Haruka countered. “But that’s not the
image he had to me and so many others when he died. Maybe in 1995, Kazuma Kiryu would’ve
acted like that. The Kiryu who adopted and raised me, when the yakuza had taken both of my
parents and all of his friends away from us? What I saw in there doesn’t do anything to honor his
memory.”
“But…”

“You know something, Kiryu kind of sounds a lot like Ichiban,” Saeko interrupted. “Sure, they’ve
got sketchy pasts. Maybe they were sort of shitheads when they were younger. But at the end of the
day, they were good people wrapped up in a bad line of work. Ichiban always believed that the
yakuza could be turned into a force for good. It wasn’t, he knew that, but that’s what it could’ve
been and should’ve been. Maybe instead of using your stupid Tojo Clan reformation mission as an
excuse to act like a couple of shitheads, you should be thinking about how you can help the people
around you. That’s what Kiryu would’ve done… I think. Right, Haruka?”
Haruka nodded. “Right.”
The three men suddenly looked deeply ashamed of themselves. “I… think I get it,” Yokoyama said.
“Okay! We’ll get it right next time, Matriarch Sawamura!”
“Huh?!”
“Just you wait! We’re gonna be what the Tojo Clan always should’ve been! You’re gonna be so
proud of us!” And with that, the three men turned and ran off to their next mission, whatever that
may have been.
“Ah! Wait!” Haruka called out. “Don’t do anything crazy! Ugh…”
Saeko chuckled. “Heh. We’ll check back in on them later.”
“They better not be throwing my name around while they’re doing whatever they’re doing,”
Haruka grumbled.
“Heh. I wouldn’t worry about it,” Saeko assured her.
“I don’t think they’re gonna pull that shit from in there again. Now… about that drink I owe
you…”
***
Haruka and Saeko sat at the bar in Survive. Haruka didn’t normally drink, so she got something
pretty light and mostly full of sugar, but Saeko was knocking back Suntory whiskey. “You sure you
don’t want something a little stronger?” Saeko asked. “I’m buying.”
Haruka shook her head. “No. I don’t normally drink at all… just for special occasions.”
“So the whole pure and clean idol thing wasn’t an act?” Saeko asked. “You’re really like that?”
Haruka hummed. “I guess… I didn’t act much differently as an idol than I did before that point… I
never smoked, I don’t really drink… When I was a kid I used to really like watching Uncle Kaz
gamble, and once I… got involved with a local family down in Okinawa and did some stupid stuff
to earn money, but I grew out of those things pretty quickly. The most scandalous thing about me
by the time I was on stage was who raised me.”
“Right…”
“So… why’s Nanba bringing your sister the money?” Haruka asked. “Not to pry or anything, but…
shouldn’t you be doing that?”

Saeko sighed. “My sister and I aren’t exactly on good terms right now,” she replied. “My fault,
entirely. Our mom died when we were really young and I took it upon myself to provide for the
family in her place. Eventually, I was earning more money than our dad."
“That’s impressive,” Haruka complimented.
“Yeah, I thought so too at the time. That was the problem. Inflated the shit out of my ego.” She
took another sip from her drink. “I was a really bad sister. I had a really controlling personality, and
it pushed my whole family away. Eventually, I realized they all fuckin’ hated me, so I left home.
Never looked back.”
“But you still look out for them,” Haruka observed. “At least, you seem to.”
“I try to. I own a hostess bar not far from here, and sometimes I have the employees go check in on
them. Lately, though, Nanba or Ichiban’ll be the ones to head over there, since Nanoha knows
them.”
Haruka tilted her head. “So… all of your friends and coworkers see your family, but you don’t?”
“They don’t wanna see me.” Saeko took a deep breath and exhaled. “But… They’re still my family,
and I still love them, so I do what I can to help them out, even if I gotta do it from the shadows.
Around the same time I left home, this idol… You may have heard of her, she was all over the
news… She ended her debut concert talking about a family she couldn’t see, but who she still loved
anyway. That inspired me to keep looking out for them, no matter what.”
Haruka let out a small gasp. “Saeko…”
“You inspired a lot of people at the Japan Dome,” Saeko continued. “A lot more than you know. A
lot more than the media wanted to admit. People who had no idea who you were before that concert
looked up to you afterwards, especially people living in gray zones. You could almost say I was a
fan, except that I’m not really into that pop shit anyway. No offense.”
“None taken. And it definitely didn’t feel like that ten years ago,” Haruka muttered. “My face was
all over the news, all over social media, and nobody was saying anything positive.”
“Yeah, that’s what sucks about Twitter,” Saeko agreed. “Nobody who feels the need to say anything
has anything positive to say. It’s the same in the service industry. But you know what? Fuck them.
They weren’t willing to give you a fair shot to begin with.”
Haruka smiled at her. “Mm. Thanks, Saeko. Still though…” She looked back down at her drink.
“Maybe I could’ve dealt with it better if Uncle Kaz was there… but he wasn’t. And now he never
will be.”
Saeko frowned as she contemplated her response. On one hand, it was fucked up that Seonhee was
privy to information that might help the girl and was hiding it from her. On the other… she
wouldn’t do that for no reason.
But whatever the reason was couldn’t be good enough, she decided. “Haruka, listen… about
Kiryu,” she began, before she heard the door open.
Seonhee and Nanba had just walked in.

“Shit,” Saeko muttered under her breath.
“What are we talking about?” Seonhee asked, sitting next to Saeko. “Nothing too depressing, I’m
sure.”
“Oh, what were you saying about Uncle Kaz?” Haruka asked. Seonhee raised an eyebrow at Saeko,
who sighed.
“I was just gonna say, that… the way you talk about him… it really does remind me of Ichiban,”
she said. “I think when you do meet Ichiban, you two will get along great. He’ll help you out, I
know it.”
Haruka smiled, closed her eyes, and nodded. “I’m sure!” she said optimistically. “I gotta say,
though, I’m a little surprised to hear you say that,” she continued. “You sounded kind of mad at him
when I first walked in here.”
“Oh yeah, it’s been really awkward for weeks,” Nanba quipped. “I leave the room now when the
two of them are here.”
Saeko shot a glare at Nanba. “Look, he’s still my friend,” she clarified. “I just… He really hurt me
a little while back. I get so angry when I see him now.”
“How come?” Haruka asked.
Saeko crossed her arms and leaned back. “I don’t wanna talk about it.”
“Okay.”
The room was dead silent afterwards, the tension in the air so thick you could cut it with a knife,
until eventually it became too much to bear and Haruka cleared her throat.
“Ahem… well, thank you for all you’ve done,” she said, standing up, “but I suppose I oughta find a
hotel now.”
Saeko scoffed. “The only hotels you’re gonna find in Ijincho without a reservation aren’t for
sleeping in, trust me.”
“Surely there’s one somewhere in Yokohama?”
“Sure, but unless you wanna spend all night wandering an unfamiliar city, I’ve got a better idea,”
Saeko explained. “The bartender’s got a room upstairs he rents out sometimes. I’m sure he’d be
willing to let you stay in it for a couple of nights until Ichiban gets back. Don’t worry, he’s not
weird or anything like that.”
“Really?” the bartender said as turned back around and handed Saeko another drink, a smirk on
your face. “I seem to recall you gasping at my new menu when you first saw it.”
“Okay, your taste in noodles is weird,” Saeko clarified. “But he’s an upstanding guy otherwise.”
“Hmm,” Haruka hummed as she got another good look at the bartender. “I do feel like I can trust
him… Is it alright with you if I stay here?”

The bartender nodded. “The room’s yours. Sorry, it’s not exactly the most luxurious room in
Yokohama, though.”
Haruka shook her head. “Oh, that’s no problem at all. Really, I’m grateful for—“ Suddenly, her
phone rang, cutting off her thought. She glanced down at the screen and saw that the call was a
video call from Ayako. “Oh? Excuse me, I have to take this.” She answered and an image of Ayako,
standing in the entryway to Morning Glory, appeared on the screen. “Ayako? I was just about to
call you. How is everyone?”
“Everyone is fine, but we all really miss you!” Ayako greeted. “Haruto especially, he’s right here.
Say hi, Haruto!”
The camera turned to face a young boy with short black hair, a blue polo shirt, and khaki pants,
who was smiling at the camera. “Hi mom! How is your business trip?”
“Hello, Haruto!” Haruka greeted.
Saeko’s heart melted hearing Haruto’s voice. “Aw! Is that your son? He’s so cute!”
Haruto frowned. “Huh? Is someone there with you, mom?”
Haruka chuckled. “Just some people who are helping me out in Yokohama. Anyway, everything is
going fine up here, but I miss everyone so much! Hopefully I’ll be home very soon! Are you
keeping up with your schoolwork?"
Haruto nodded. “Uh huh! Next week we’ll be breaking for Christmas. Will you be home by then?”
“Of course I will, sweetie. I’m not missing Christmas with my family. Now, I need to talk to Aunt
Ayako about some things, so can you please give the phone back to her?”
Haruto nodded. “Okay. Bye, mom! I love you!”
“Love you too, sweetie!”
Saeko smiled at Haruka. “Your son is just adorable. Don’t you think so, Nan-chan?”
Nanba shook his head. “Never liked kids.”
“Oh, come on. That boy is objectively a sweetheart!”
“Yeah, he seems great. Still don’t like kids.”
Haruka tuned out their argument as she spoke to Ayako. “So,” Ayako said, “any luck with
Kasuga?”
Haruka shook her head. “No, unfortunately, he’s out of town. But nobody knows exactly where he
is, so I'm waiting for him to come back to Yokohama.”
“How long will that take?"
“Not much longer, I hope,” Haruka sighed. “I know I’ve already been away a couple of days. But
this’ll all be worth it, I hope. The orphanage will never have to worry about money again if I can
see this through to the end. How are the other kids?”

Ayako frowned. “Akira got into a fight at school today.”
“Again?” Haruka asked. “What happened this time?”
“Apparently, some older boys were bullying Yumi,” Ayako explained. “He came to her defense,
and things escalated. Gave both of them a bloody nose. The boys’ parents had to come pick them
up and they’re… furious."
“I’ll bet,” Haruka muttered. “Okay. We’ll deal with that when I get home.”
“Oh! And Taichi wants you to know that the building expansion is almost finished!” Ayako
exclaimed. “The new rooms will be ready to use by the new year.”
“That’s good to hear. Anything else?”
Ayako shook her head. “No, that’s all for now. We all can’t wait for you to come home!”
Haruka smiled and nodded. “Mm. Yeah, I can’t wait either! I’ll call again tomorrow evening! Tell
Haruto to behave until I get back!”
“Easier said than done…” Ayako chuckled as the call ended. She put the phone down and looked
out the window, watching as the children played in the yard. She sighed. “I hope things work
out…” she muttered. It was then that she noticed other figures on the beach. There seemed to be
four adult men standing on the beach, talking to each other. She groaned. Tourists, she thought as
she stepped out and walked towards them.
“…are you sure this is the place?” one of them, a tall man with a terrible haircut that looked like a
rat’s nest, said to one of his companions. He wore a gaudy red Kariyushi shirt, opened so one could
see his white t-shirt and gold chain underneath, as well as a pair of shorts and sandals.
Joining him were three other men; a pale, but still younger-looking Korean man with icy white hair,
a black polo, and black denim jeans; a Chinese man with slicked back black hair, a subtle mustache
and goatee, wearing sunglasses, a black-and-yellow cheetah print button-up shirt, and black shorts;
and a much older looking heavy set Japanese man with slicked back graying hair, wearing a blue
short-sleeved button up and khaki shorts.
“I’m positive,” the Korean man replied. “This is where… oh, hello,” he said, noticing Ayako
approaching them.
“Hey. Are you guys tourists?” she asked.
“Uh, not exactly,” the guy with the goofy haircut replied. “We’re, uh…”
“Private detectives,” the older man finished for him.
“Right. Thanks, Adachi.”
Adachi nodded, then turned his attention to Ayako. “We took a case here in Okinawa and we’re just
doing a bit of looking around.”
“Mm,” Ayako replied, her arms crossed. “Well can you look around somewhere else? This is a
private beach.”

“Oh!” the goofy hair man exclaimed. “Sorry, we had no idea. We- we’ll be on our way in just a
moment.”
“Good,” Ayako said sternly. “And just so you know, we don’t talk to investigators, and we don’t
talk to the press, either.” With that, she turned and walked back to the house.
“Huh?” the goofy hair man questioned. “The press? What’s that about?”
“The family that lives here… they used to get harassed by the press, and by Bleach Japan,” the
Korean man explained. “The orphanage is run by Haruka Sawamura. She used to be an idol, until
she admitted to being raised by a Tojo Clan yakuza during her first major-label concert at the Japan
Dome.”
“You seem to know a lot about this, Joongi Han,” the goofy hair man observed.
Joongi Han nodded. “The real Joongi Han had encountered the one we’re looking for a few years
back, down in Hiroshima.” He pointed to a small child that was playing in the yard. “Haruto
Sawamura. That’s who we’re looking for.”
“That can’t be right,” Adachi said, shaking his head. “That’s just a kid. You’re saying Mabuchi’s
seriously gonna come down here to try and take out a kid?”
“That child is the only living heir to the Saio Triad in Japan,” Joongi explained.
“But… Mabuchi’s not seriously gonna see him as a threat… right, Zhao?” the goofy hair man
asked the Chinese man, Zhao. “I mean, the Saio Triad don’t even operate in Japan anymore.”
“I don’t know…” Zhao muttered. “The Mabuchi I knew wouldn’t have… but that Mabuchi’s long
gone. The Saio’s previous leader, Big Lo, had abdicated and gone into hiding years ago, but
Mabuchi still found him and took him out. If there’s even a chance that that kid’s in danger, we
gotta stick around. Don’t you agree, Kasuga-kun?”
“Yeah, Ichiban,” Adachi added. “What’s our move?”
The goofy hair man, Ichiban Kasuga, thought about their next move, before casting a determined
glare at the orphanage. “Alright,” he said. “We gotta protect that kid. Whatever the cost.”
Ichiban Kasuga. Ex-Arakawa Family, a Tojo Clan subsidiary.

Chapter 5: Getting to Know the Party
Chapter Summary

In which Haruka relaxes for the first time in six years.

It was around 8pm, and Haruka felt refreshed, having just showered for the first time in a couple of
days. She got dressed and headed back downstairs to the bar, where Saeko and Nanba were still
hanging out.
“Well look who it is,” Saeko greeted as she came down. “Feel better?”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. Thanks again for letting me use the room upstairs,” she said, turning to the
bartender, who nodded.
“Of course. Any friend of these two is a friend of mine,” he said. Haruka stared at him a little too
long, which made him a bit uncomfortable. She definitely recognized him… but would she put the
puzzle pieces together, and figure out exactly where she recognized him from? “Uh, hey, are you
hungry?” he said, interrupting her train of thought. “Dinner’s on the house tonight.”
Haruka gasped, then smiled and nodded. “Oh? Thank you! You’re too kind,” she said as a delicious
looking bowl of miso ramen was placed in front of her, still steaming hot, which she devoured very
quickly as she hadn’t eaten since leaving Sotenbori. The heavy soybean broth warmed her right up,
and soon she was full of energy again.
“You must’ve been hungry,” Saeko laughed. “I’ve never seen anyone devour a bowl of his ramen
that quickly.”
“It’s delicious,” Haruka replied, looking up at the bartender. “Thank you so much.”
“If you ever need a place to rest or a bite to eat in Ijincho, my bar is always open,” the bartender
said. “We’ll take care of you. Now… Can I get you a drink?”
Haruka shook her head. “I’m fine, thanks.”
“Come on, don’t you wanna unwind?” Saeko asked. “You’ve had a crazy day. Sit down, relax, stay
a while! Hey, get her a Suntory Hibiki,” she said to the bartender. “Put it on my tab.”
“Saeko!” Haruka whined. “I need to be up early tomorrow.”
“For what?” Saeko chuckled. “Ichiban’s not gonna be back in town for at least a couple of days.
You’ve been running all over Japan, trying to get this money for your orphanage. On top of that,
you’re a mother. I’m gonna guess you haven’t had one day off in the last six years.”
Haruka thought about it. She never did get much time to relax… She wouldn’t trade motherhood
for the world, but it seemed like she hadn’t had a day of rest since Haruto was born, and then she

took over the orphanage on top of that. She was exhausted. Maybe she did deserve to let loose, just
once.
“Fine,” she sighed. “ONE drink, and then I’m going to sleep.”
Three drinks and an hour later, Haruka was what Saeko and Nanba thought was sufficiently tipsy,
and all three were laughing at a story Haruka had been telling.
“…So we’re walking down the street, and—you’re not gonna believe this—it turns out the guy’s
hiding in the sewers, and he just comes right out from under the manhole cover and challenges
Uncle Kaz to a fight! On the spot!” The three of them burst out into laughter, as this violent assault
on Haruka’s father by the psychotic and unhinged Mad Dog of Shimano was seemingly the funniest
thing any of them had heard about all day. Haruka laid her head on the bar and slammed it with her
fist as she cracked up, but quickly stopped laughing and then frowned. “I miss him…” she muttered
sadly.
“Uh oh,” Nanba said. “Looks like she’s a sad drunk. You got anything to cheer her up, Saeko?”
Saeko nodded, and glanced over at the bar’s karaoke set, smiling. “I’ll be right back,” she said to
Nanba.
“I miss Uncle Kaz… I miss Yuta-kun…”
“That your husband?” Nanba asked.
“He was…” Haruka replied. “He passed away in 2021.”
“Bummer.” Nanba paused and took a sip from his drink. “COVID?”
Haruka shook her head. “They have no idea what it was. He was doing a job in Tokyo over
Christmas. when he suddenly fell ill one night. Doctors couldn’t do anything, and he went into a
coma. He never woke up. In February, we decided to…”
Nanba gasped. “Wait… you pulled the plug on him?”
Haruka nodded sadly. “The doctors told me one day that all brain activity had ceased, and he had
no chance of ever waking up. I knew I couldn’t let him suffer any more, but… It was still one of the
hardest decisions I’ve ever had to make.”
“Shit… that’s heavy…” Nanba muttered. “Well… It’s gonna hurt for a while. But… you’re still
young. You’ll love again, one day.”
“You think so?”
“Yeah, definitely. Hell, Ichi was 42 and had just done 18 years in the slammer when he and Saeko
hooked up.”
“So they were together,” Haruka said, her suspicions confirmed.
“Yeah. Were.”
“But not anymore?”

“Not sure,” Nanba admitted. “They haven’t talked since their fight a few weeks back.”
“What happened?”
Nanba shook his head. “It’s not my story to tell. I’m sure she’ll open up to you about it in due
time.”
“Mm,” Haruka hummed, nodding and taking another sip from what was now her fourth drink of the
night. “So what IS your story to tell?”
“Oh, nothing too special,” Nanba replied. “I was a nurse. Now I’m not. I was homeless for a while.
Thanks to Ichiban, I was able to find work. Now I live in an apartment above a soapland. Me,
Ichiban, and Adachi, we all used to share it, but now I’ve got the place to myself.”
“But… when I found you, you were sleeping on the street,” Haruka replied, confused.
“Regular naps are good for you.”
“Huh…” Haruka pondered this thought for a moment, but her train of thought was interrupted by a
bit of light reflecting from something behind the bar. “Eh?” she glanced at the source of the
reflection and saw a small pin sitting on the shelf, near a bottle of bottom-shelf whiskey. It looked
like…
Haruka looked around. Nanba had gone back to staring into his glass, and the bartender was
helping Saeko set something up near the karaoke stand. Curious, she slowly stood up and climbed
over the bar, which snapped Nanba out of his daydream.
“Huh? Hey, what are you doing?”
Having grabbed what she needed, she hopped back over the bar before the bartender could see and
sat back down. She examined the pin.
It was a Tojo Clan crest, belonging to the Kazama Family.
“What the hell…?” she muttered. “Hey, Nanba-san… Kasuga was in the Arakawa Family, right?”
she asked.
“Put that back, before he sees!” Nanba hissed.
“So if this isn’t Kasuga’s…” Seeing that the bartender was coming back over, Haruka quickly
pocketed the crest before he could see.
“Saeko wants you over by the karaoke setup,” he said as he worked his way back behind the bar.
“…What’s that look for?”
“Hm? Oh! Nothing! Uh, coming, Saeko,” Haruka said, excusing herself and standing up to go see
what Saeko wanted. The bartender looked over at Nanba, who seemed perturbed.
“What’s her deal?” he asked, causing Nanba to shake his head.
“Nothing. I don’t know anything.”
The bartender raised an eyebrow. “O…kay.” He turned to stare at Haruka as she approached Saeko.

“Saeko,” Haruka said. “What’s up?”
Saeko gestured to the device, an older model Joysound. “Pick a song,” she said.
“Huh? Oh, I don’t know…” Haruka muttered. “I don’t really sing anymore.”
Smirking, Saeko thrust a microphone into Haruka’s hand. “I wasn’t asking. Pick a song.”
“Fine,” Haruka sighed. I need to grow a spine, she thought as she scrolled through the list. When it
came to yakuza, triads, and all sorts of other dangerous thugs, Haruka knew how to stand her
ground. When it came to being pressured into doing shit she didn’t want to do by her friends,
however… Friends, she suddenly thought as she kept scrolling. She didn’t have many friends. But
Saeko, Nanba, the enigmatic bartender… They all treated her like one. Thinking about this, she
smiled and finally selected a song.
“What’d you pick?” Saeko asked, looking at the screen. She raised an eyebrow. “Huh? Never heard
this one before.”
“It’s from the 80s, I guess,” Haruka explained. “I found it on a record in Uncle Kaz’s room once.
I’d never heard it either, but he told me it was his favorite song.”
“If it was his favorite song, wouldn’t he have played it around the orphanage?”
Haruka shrugged. “No idea. Anyway…” she handed Saeko the second microphone. “It’s a duet.”
“Oh! Alright, if you’re sure.”
Haruka hit play, and the song started with a very 80s electric guitar riff, with drums and synths
backing it up. “You ready?” Haruka asked.
Saeko nodded. “Yeah.”
The lyrics came on screen, and Haruka started to sing.
“We’re starving dogs running the rail lines,
Just getting by on any scraps we can find.
The hand that feeds means nothing to me.
This tail don’t wag for no-one else.”
The bartender smiled as the two women sang. “Heh… the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree,” he
muttered.
“Huh?” Nanba asked.
“She just… reminds me of somebody I used to know.”
“A yes-man has his day,
That day is dead and gone!”
Saeko joined in with backing vocals.

“Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa, whoa, we are bad boys!”
Then, they sang together;
“A young man left to meet his maker
Cries out ‘No!’ to say…
‘Justice!!’”
Suddenly, Haruka envisioned that she and Saeko were up on stage in front of thousands of people at
the Japan Dome, decked out in 80s leather jackets, fingerless gloves, and red headbands, shredding
on electric guitars. She imagined that the bartender was on the keyboard behind her, while Nanba
was on bass behind Saeko.
“We’re breaking the law,
Breaking the world,
Together!
(Breaking the world!)
Throwing out all tenderness!
“We’re breaking the rules,
No cause, no choice, no going back to how it was!
No slowing down because…”
Haruka held a fist up as she closed out the song with a solo verse.
“We’ll keep our heads high,
Our fists raised ‘til we die,
We’re living by our own…
Judgement!!”
As the song came to an end, Haruka realized she was really enjoying this. She looked out into the
bar and saw that a few people had come in to see what all the noise was, including Seonhee, who
was sitting in the back, already sipping on a whiskey. They clapped politely at the performance.
“Oh!” Haruka exclaimed. “Thank you so much! I’m sorry, I didn’t realize this place had gotten so
crowded.”
“This is the most business I’ve seen in a while,” the bartender mused. “I should hire you full time.”
“Heh…”

“Hey, who wants to hear another one?” Saeko asked the bar patrons. “Just call us the Ijin
Dreamers!”
“Eh?” Haruka said, staring at Saeko. “Um, Saeko, that’s…”
“Here, you can take a break,” Saeko said as she queued up another song. “I got the next one.
Maybe you’ve heard it before. It’s a little more modern.”
A familiar fast-paced synth beat started up, and Haruka smirked. “Get to the Top. Not that
modern,” she said. “2007.”
“So you do know the song.”
“It was one of my favorites. Carry on,” Haruka said as she sat back down at the bar next to Nanba.
Saeko started singing when the verse came up on the screen.
“Insincere, indirect,
‘So busy,’ ‘So sorry,’
Every day, it’s the same old craziness.
These excuses, they’re driving me
Out of my mind.
It’s always gonna be this way.
“Overtime, up all night, feel the crunch, feel the burn,
Kiss you freedom goodbye, never coming back.
If pension’s all we have to look forward to,
The future’s looking bleak.”
The bar was clapping to the rhythm of the song. Haruka went a step further and shouted “Sa-chan!”
out to show her support. She has such a beautiful voice, she thought.
“I don’t know who decided, these damn rules
Keeping us in the dust.”
The audience in the bar helped Saeko imagine that she too was on stage, entertaining an audience
of thousands with the song.
“But I’m so over it.
Push restart and try again!
It’s time to say goodbye
To the trauma and the pain.

Tomorrow’s looking bright,
Spread my wings and fly away,
My hand is reaching out
To that sparkling shining gate.
I’m just a step away,
Come on and run with me
Together we will reach
A new peak
Get to the top!”
As the song came to an end, the bar patrons applauded, and Saeko winked out at the crowd. “Heh.
Maybe I should’ve given that idol thing a try myself.” She put the microphone back on the stand
and returned to the bar, sitting next to Haruka. “Okay, Nan-chan, you turn.”
“About time,” Nanba said as he stood up.
This started a karaoke-filled night that went on well-past midnight, with several residents of Ijincho
joining in the fun. Nanba sang his favorite song, “I’ve Been a Fool”. Someone else sang “Machine
Gun Kiss”. Somebody even sang Haruka’s hit single from the Princess League, “So Much More”,
although Haruka was unsure if the singer even realized what the song was, who its original
performer was, and that said performer was in that very bar as she sang it.
Suddenly, a gray-haired man in glasses and a suit approached Haruka. “Hey… I don’t mean to
pry… but you’re Haruka Sawamura, aren’t you?”
“Huh?”
Saeko and Nanba immediately got out of their seats and stepped in front of Haruka.
“Who wants to know?” Saeko said, glaring at the man, who did not waver.
“I assure you, I only wanted to talk to her,” the man said. “I just wanted to let you know that… My
daughter loved watching you on TV, back when you were in the Princess League. I was wondering
if I could get an autograph for her.”
Saeko and Nanba glanced at Haruka, who looked confused. “You want an autograph from a yakuza
daughter?” she asked.
The man nodded in response. “I’ve seen you around town. Anybody who raised somebody as kind
as you can’t possibly be a bad man. I would like your autograph, if I can get it.”
Haruka smiled at him. “Of course. Do you have anything to write on?” The man handed her a
business card. “Okay… Hanawa,” she said, reading his name off of the otherwise vague card that
didn’t even seem to specify what business the man worked in. “And who should I make this out
to?”

“My daughter’s initials are KK.”
Haruka nodded. “To KK… Thank you for your support… Follow your dreams, always. Haruka
Sawamura.” She handed the card back to Hanawa. “There you go. You sound like a good dad.”
“Thanks. I try.” He nodded at the trio. “I must be going, now. She’s waiting for me.”
Hanawa stepped outside, then pulled his phone out to make a call.
“Hanawa,” the deep-voiced man answered after only a single ring.
“I checked in on Sawamura, like you requested,” Hanawa said.
“And?”
Hanawa looked through the window and watched as Haruka laughed with Saeko and Nanba. “She’s
doing fine. Getting into a bit of mischief here and there, but fine otherwise. The people here seem
to be taking care of her.”
“Nobody’s bothering her?”
“I wouldn’t say that,” Hanawa said, shaking his head as he started to walk down the street. “A
group that we contracted to keep an eye on her had a rather… liberal interpretation of our orders.
She’s been in a few fights since coming to Ijincho.”
“If anyone hurt her on your orders…”
“Relax. She held her own. Sort of kicked their asses, actually. She had help of course, but still.”
“Hmm…”
“Your little girl’s all grown up,” Hanawa continued. “We’ll have our own agents continue to
monitor her movements, but I don’t think you have anything to worry about. By the way… I got
her autograph for you. Not sure when you’re gonna be back at the temple, but I’ll make sure it gets
to you.”
The man on the other end was silent for a moment. “Have you figured out what she’s doing in
Yokohama?”
“She’s looking for a friend of yours…” Hanawa said. “Ichiban Kasuga.”
“He’s not a friend,” the man chuckled. “He doesn’t even know my name.”
“Regardless, apparently, she’s hoping to strike a deal with his company to keep Morning Glory
funded.”
“She wouldn’t have to do that if the Daidoji hadn’t pulled their funding.”
“It wasn’t my call,” Hanawa reminded him. “They were getting too close to figuring out where the
money was coming from.”
“You said it was untraceable.”

“Takayuki Yagami’s a better detective than I gave him credit for, I’ll admit.”
“Regardless… Thank you for checking in on her. I appreciate this. I know you didn’t have to.”
“I did have to. I’m not going to deny a request from the man who saved my life,” Hanawa said. “I
have to go now. Keep me updated on the status of your current mission, Codename Joryu.”
“I will.” The man hung up without a goodbye, and Hanawa chuckled.
“Oh, Kiryu-san… for such a stoic man, you sure do worry a lot,” he said to himself as he walked
away.
Nearby, Saeko leaned against the wall of the bar, having stepped out just after Hanawa walked
away to have a quick smoke away from the crowd. She wasn’t paying much attention to Hanawa’s
conversation, which was probably a good thing, since she was already holding onto one secret
about Kazuma Kiryu and probably couldn’t morally deal with another. She took a drag from her
cigarette and sighed. “What a day,” she muttered.
Just then, Haruka stepped out as well. “Hey,” she greeted. “Everything alright?”
“Yeah,” Saeko replied. “Just needed a cigarette. Want one?” Haruka shook her head. “Right, you
don’t smoke. Forgot about that. That’s a rarity around these parts.”
They stood together in silence for a moment.
“Nanba told me about what happened to your husband,” Saeko revealed. “I’m sorry.”
Haruka nodded. “Thank you. I’m trying to be strong for my family, but I’m still hurting a lot.”
“I’ll bet.”
More silence.
“What was he like?”
Haruka chuckled. “He was the worst yakuza I’d ever met”, she said. “Bottom-rung family in a
small town, never made any collections, so he wasn’t a very good earner… I think his heart was too
pure for that line of work.”
“Ichiban’s the same way,” Saeko laughed. “The way I hear it, back in his Tojo days he used to try
and find loopholes to avoid having to collect payments from people who needed the money. His
captain would ask for a guy’s wallet, and then Ichiban would literally get the guy’s wallet. No
money, he’d empty it all out and leave it on the floor for the mark to pick back up. Most of the
actual yakuza work he did involved kicking the shit out of punks that were harassing civilians."
“Yeah, Yuta too,” Haruka replied. “Actually, I was in Hiroshima to hide from the paparazzi after
the Japan Dome incident. They were harassing the orphanage and I just… didn’t want to be the
reason for any of them to struggle. But one day, one of them found out where I was and started
snapping covert photos of me. Yuta saw him and beat him up.”
“So the guy beats up a reporter, and, what, that made him boyfriend material?”

“Uh, it was a bit of a spur-of-the-moment thing,” Haruka admitted. “I was really young and really
dumb, so the sort of… excitement of being protected like that was a little arousing. We slept
together not long after that and that’s what made me pregnant with Haruto. I didn’t want to burden
Yuta with that, so I left town shortly after finding out. A lot happened between then and when I saw
him next… We didn’t start dating properly until Haruto was a year old. One day, we were visiting
Uncle Kaz’s grave together, and he proposed right there, with Uncle Kaz watching over us in
spirit.”
Probably in person, too, Saeko thought.
“What about you? What made you fall in love with Kasuga?”
“H-huh?!” Saeko asked, startled. “Who said we were an item?”
“I had a hunch. Also I asked Nanba.”
“Bastard…” Saeko grumbled. “Yeah. We dated. Sort of casually. It didn’t really turn serious until a
few months ago.”
“And what drew you to him?”
“Hmph. If I told you, you’d think I was crazy,” Saeko replied. “Okay, so, like, he’s an idiot, right?
And a bit of a shithead. And he has a criminal record, he’s done time, he was broke and basically
homeless when I met him… But… he’s got such a good heart. He went to bat for Nanoha before I
even met him, he was always trying to do what was right, and when the triads had killed my boss,
and I was isolated from my family, and had no friends and I had nowhere else to turn he just…
Welcomed me into his party with open arms, without a second thought. And at first I thought,
‘Well, three older guys who probably haven’t felt the touch of a woman in years, this guy probably
has some creepy ulterior motive, right?’”
Haruka nodded. “That’s a fair assumption.”
“But… he didn’t. He just saw somebody in need and wanted to help her.” She wiped a tear away
and took another drag from her cigarette. “I can’t even begin to tell you how good it felt, the
realization that I had found a group of people that actually gave a damn about me. I mean, I used to
work at a cabaret club, and I had so many customers who said they cared, but were really just
hoping I would sleep with them after work, and then would stop showing up when I didn’t put out.
But these guys… they were the real deal.”
She sighed and put out her cigarette. “Anyway… Ichiban had such a good heart. Even if he did end
up being a bit of a player when we first started dating.”
“Yikes.”
“Yeah, I mean, like I said, it wasn’t that serious yet. I was still pissed when I found out, but I got
over it. We started dating for real a few months after some shit went down in Kamurocho. He
watched his brother die right in front of him. It was fucked.”
“His brother?”
Saeko nodded. “I guess they weren’t related. But they were basically raised together. If you ask
him, Aoki was his brother.”

“Aoki… killed in Kamurocho… Surely not Governor Aoki?”
“Yeah, same one. That wasn’t his real name, of course. Anyway, after that, Ichiban was… different.
He was still a goofball, but he didn’t feel quite as carefree or reckless. He got into less fights, he
tried to get into more legitimate work, and… he asked me to be his girlfriend. For real.”
“And you said yes, I presume?”
“Without hesitation. I honestly could’ve seen myself spending the rest of my life with him. And
that all came to a screeching halt two months ago when we were getting intimate and the condom
failed.”
“Ouch.”
“Yeah, right? Thing just burst, we didn’t even realize it until it was all over. And I was… kind of
freaking out. And he comforted me, and he said everything was gonna be alright, and that he was
there for me, and… we waited. I was… late, a few weeks later, and wouldn’t you know it, the
pregnancy test came out positive. I was like, alright, you know, could be worse. He was going
straight, he had just gotten his own apartment, we were both financially secure for the time being,
and most importantly… I thought he’d make a good dad.
“So I broke the news to him, and suddenly… he’s the one freaking out. Talking about how ‘this
can’t be happening, I can’t deal with this,’ blah blah blah, and I’m like… You were totally down a
few weeks ago, what changed? So I was like, whatever, I’ll give him some space to process this.”
“But you’re smoking, and you were drinking in there, so… I take it you weren’t pregnant for long.”
Saeko shook her head. “I’m not sure if I ever was. Maybe it didn’t take, or maybe it was just a false
positive, but whatever the case, I got my period not long after that. It was… honestly kind of a
bummer. So I told Ichiban that we weren’t having a baby after all. He said, ‘That’s a relief,’ and for
some reason that really irked me. Like… you say you’re willing to commit, you want to settle
down, whatever, but I guess you just don’t respect me enough to have a baby with me? I’m, like,
just your plaything until something better comes along?”
“I don’t think he meant it like that,” Haruka reasoned. “I mean… I don’t know him, but from what
you’ve told me, I don’t think it was that at all. It sounds like he was just scared. When Yuta and I
decided to raise Haruto together, he was scared too. And I don’t blame him, parenthood is really,
really scary. Especially when you come from the background Yuta and Kasuga did. I mean…
Kasuga had been to prison, right? Imagine how frightening it must be to bring a child into this
world when you’ve spent nearly half of your life confined from society.”
Saeko frowned. “Yeah, well… I didn’t see it like that. So I said, ‘Yeah, it’s a relief alright. I don’t
want my kid to have a deadbeat loser for a father anyway,’ and we got into this huge argument and
I just… stormed out. We haven’t really talked since.”
Haruka studied her intently as she tried to figure out what she could say to console her. She’d
realized more and more as she spent time with Saeko just how much she liked her, and most people
probably would’ve seized on an opportunity like this.
But Haruka was not like most people. Even if she wasn’t still grieving Yuta, it was blatantly clear to
her from how Saeko talked about Ichiban that there was only one person she could see herself with,

and it would’ve been selfish of Haruka to pretend she didn’t see it. “Do you still love him?” she
finally asked after a moment of silence.
“Huh? Y… Yeah, I do,” Saeko answered honestly.
“Then you should talk it out with him.”
Saeko frowned and looked away from her. “What if he doesn’t want that? I said some really nasty
shit to him during our argument. Honestly, I’m not sure if I even deserve to be his friend after all of
that.”
Haruka shrugged. “I guess you don’t know for sure if he’ll hear you out. But I think the two of you
owe it to each other to at least try to talk things out. If you really do love him, that is.”
Saeko smiled and nodded. “Yeah. You know what? I think I will. Thanks, Haruka. I gotta say, that
Kazuma Kiryu raised you right.”
“I like to think so, yes,” Haruka laughed. “Ah… wow, I really should be getting to sleep. I plan to
see what I can do to help out around the bar to repay the bartender for letting me stay here until
Kasuga gets back.”
“Honestly, keep singing at his bar and he might just start paying you to sleep here,” Saeko joked. “I
don’t think I’ve ever seen the place this packed.”
“Heh… It would be tempting…”
“But you’ve got responsibilities back home.”
“Right.” She started to step back into the bar, then looked back at Saeko. “When all of this is
over… You and Kasuga should visit Okinawa sometime. Nanba too. And Seonhee, I guess, if she
wants. I don’t, uh, have very many friends these days, so… It’d be nice to have company my own
age once in a while.”
Saeko smirked. “Maybe we’ll retire down there one day. Not sure if ex-yakuza get a pension,
though.”
“Would’ve been nice if they did…” Haruka muttered, before smiling at Saeko. “I’ll see you
tomorrow. Okay?”
“Yeah,” Saeko nodded. Haruka went back into the bar and made her way upstairs to get ready for
bed, while Saeko stretched and started to make her way back home. She grabbed her phone from
her bag and scrolled down the contacts list, staring at one in particular.
Kasuga Ichiban
She sighed, and called him. The phone rang several times, then went to voicemail.
“Yo, it’s Kasuga. Leave a message.”
This was followed by a short beep, and Saeko started to record a message. “Hey, Ichiban, it’s…
Saeko. Listen… I wanna talk. I know you’re doing something important… And I know that that
something might be dangerous, so… try not to get yourself killed, alright? Give me a call when you
get a chance. I’m worried about you.” Her message recorded, she then hung up and put her phone

back in her purse. “And now… we wait and see if he even wants to talk to you,” she said to herself
as she went on her way.

Chapter 6: The Interpreter
Chapter Summary

In which Haruka tells somebody how to get to the station.

Haruka woke up bright and early the next morning, got dressed, and then sat down and examined
the crest she’d found behind the bar last night. It belonged to the Kazama Family, no doubt about it.
Question was… What was it doing in Survive? Was it the bartender’s? But how was that possible?
The Kazama Family disbanded in 2009, after the death of its then-patriarch…
“Hmm…”
***
“The Bartender” was already setting up shop when Haruka came downstairs. She stared at him for
a moment, unsure of how to approach this, or even if her suspicion was correct. Eventually, he
noticed that she’d come down and smiled at her.
“Haruka,” he greeted. “You’re up early.”
“Yeah…” she muttered.
“Sit down. I’ll make you some breakfast.”
She did not sit down. Instead, she continued staring. “I don’t think I ever got your name,” she
replied.
“Hm? Oh, yeah, I guess you didn’t. Sorry, how rude of me. It’s Otsuka.”
“Okay… Otsuka-san…” Haruka muttered as she sat down at the bar. “Otsuka” put a bowl of rice
down in front of her.
“Eat up. It’s on the house.”
“Thank you,” she thanked as she grabbed a pair of chopsticks but didn’t start eating yet. She stared
at the bowl, still trying to figure out how to ask what she wanted to ask.
“Something the matter?” Otsuka asked.
“Why are you doing all of this for me?” Haruka responded.
“Huh?”
“I mean… I’m just some stranger who showed up from out of town…” she said as she looked up at
him. “Right, Otsuka-san? We are strangers, right?”

The man stared at her intently. “Hmm,” he hummed. “I don’t know. I guess… You sort of remind
me of someone who was sort of like a son to me. He passed away a few years ago.”
“Maybe…” Haruka muttered. “You sort of remind me of someone too.”
“Yeah?”
“Yeah. Not somebody I knew terribly well… But to my Uncle Kaz, well, he was practically
family.” She looked down at her rice and started eating. “He died when I was little. What little
family Uncle Kaz had left outside of me was gone, just like that. So wouldn’t it be crazy if… He
just turned up one day?”
“Haruka…”
“But none of that has anything to do with you… right?”
He gave her a very serious look, then looked away from her and started wiping the bar down with a
rag. “I noticed that something of mine had been stolen last night,” he explained. “You wouldn’t
happen to have seen anything, would you?”
Haruka placed the Tojo Clan crest on the bar. The bartender stared at it, then at her, and then
chuckled.
“You know something… All these years, my past was the best kept secret in Yokohama.”
“So it is you,” Haruka replied. “Kashiwagi-san.”
Osamu Kashiwagi
Ex-Tojo Clan Kazama Family Patriarch
“I guess I should have known… Dead men can’t show their faces and stay dead forever,”
Kashiwagi said. “I didn’t think you’d recognize me, though. You were, how old, nine, when we last
met?”
“Something like that. Are you… going to silence me?”
Kashiwagi looked back up at her, his expression unreadable. The question implied fear, but he saw
none on her face. Maybe she was good at hiding it. Or maybe she already knew the answer. “Now
why would I go and do a thing like that? The girl that Kazuma Kiryu laid down his life to protect.
The one he’d bury the entire Tojo Clan for if they ever threatened her… The one who, if I’d stuck
around long enough, may even have been like family to me… And who, now, is the last remaining
legacy left behind by someone who was so important to me… Why would I ever want to do
anything to hurt that girl?”
“I assume there’s a reason you’re using a fake name. Maybe it’s a secret you’d do anything to
protect.”
Kashiwagi shook his head. “If it were me or you… well, you have a family to look after, and
you’ve got so many years ahead of you. Me… I’m past my prime. I’m a lot older than people in my
line of work usually get to be. And anyway, I have no family to protect. Not anymore. All I’ve got
left is this bar you’re sitting in right now.” He leaned on the bar and looked around. “It is a nice bar
though, don’t you think?”

“So… what happened, anyway? How did you end up in Yokohama, using a fake name?”
“It’s a long story,” he explained as he cleaned a mug with his rag. “One that involves me getting
shot to shit during a raid on the family offices, and realizing that the yakuza life just wasn’t worth it
at that point. I survived, barely, but I wanted out. So, I bribed the hospital to sign my death
certificate. Officially, Osamu Kashiwagi died during an attack on the Kazama Family offices in
Kamurocho. I assumed a new name, came to Yokohama, and opened this bar, naming it ‘Survive’
so that I’d always remember what I went through to get here.”
Haruka tilted her head. “Why didn’t you just leave?”
“You can’t just do that.”
“Uncle Kaz did.”
“And look what happened,” Kashiwagi pointed out. “He kept getting dragged into every Tojo Clan
conflict from Tokyo to Hiroshima, and one day, it killed him. No, you don’t just leave the yakuza.
Not unless you plan to leave everything else behind. Your home, your life, your family… even your
name. I used to run a group, the Honest Living Association. The entire goal was to help people
leave the yakuza, and their former lives, behind, because you just can’t do it on your own.
“So…” he concluded, “what are you going to do with this information?”
Haruka thought about it. “Uncle Kaz looked up to you. After Kazama-san, Nishikiyama, and mom
died, you were his only family left. And that means… You and I are family. Why would I want to
do anything to disrespect your wishes to remain hidden?”
Kashiwagi stared at her, then smiled and went back to cleaning. “Hmph. Thank you, Haruka.”
Haruka nodded. “No problem. I mean, I get it. Sometimes I wonder if…” she trailed off and started
absentmindedly playing with a clump of rice with her chopsticks.
“What?”
“It’s just wishful thinking, that’s all. I just… wonder sometimes… What if… Uncle Kaz—?”
Just then, the door opened, and Saeko walked in. “Hey, Haruka. Otsuka-san.”
“Oh, morning, Sa-chan~,” Haruka greeted in a cutesy, cheerful voice. “It's a bit early to be
drinking, isn’t it?”
“Ahh, quiet, you,” Saeko shot back, smirking. “What’s with the nickname?”
“We’re friends, right? I think it makes sense.”
“Heh, you sound like Icchan.”
“Did you get in touch with him?”
Saeko frowned. She hadn’t heard back from him. She just shook her head and changed the subject.
“So. What’s on the agenda today?”

“Good question,” Haruka replied, looking back up at Kashiwagi. “Otsuka-san, is there anything
you need me to do around the bar?”
“What? Why?”
“To pay you back for feeding me and letting me sleep here, of course.”
Kashiwagi chuckled. “No, I have plenty of help. Thanks. Besides, my only regular customers are
Kasuga and his friends, and they all clean up after themselves.”
“You mean I clean up after them,” Saeko corrected, annoyed. “The boys don’t do shit around here.”
“Now that I think about it…” Kashiwagi interrupted. “I got more customers last night than I had in
quite a while, and it’s thanks to you two. So here, a share of last night’s earnings.” He placed
¥50,000 on the table, ¥25,000 for each of them.
“Huh?!” Haruka gasped. “Kash- err, Otsuka-san, are you sure?”
Kashiwagi nodded. “Yeah. Business was booming last night. If you really wanna help out around
here, pick up that mic sometime and put on another one of your impromptu concerts. I’ll give you a
share of whatever we earn that night.”
Saeko put her hands on her hips. “We do karaoke here all the time, why haven’t we been getting
paid for that?”
“Nobody seems to be able to draw in a crowd quite like Haruka here can,” Kashiwagi chuckled.
“And somehow I feel like she hasn’t even hit the ceiling yet.”
Haruka bowed as she accepted the money. “Thank you, Otsuka-san.”
“Now if I were you, I’d hit the town and see the sights. But be careful. There’ve been a lot of
weirdos around town lately.”
“I will,” Haruka replied. “Thank you.”
“Come on, let’s go check out the park,” Saeko said as she and Haruka stepped out. Nanba and
Seonhee were waiting for them outside.
“Hey, looks like we showed up just in time,” Nanba laughed. “What’s on the agenda today?”
“We’re just gonna take a stroll around town,” Saeko replied.
“Sounds like fun,” Seonhee said. “Mind if I tag along?”
“Still need to keep an eye on me, huh?” Haruka asked, to which Seonhee nodded.
“Yeah. But my client was in touch last night. They told me to ease up a little bit. You’re not as
much of a threat as they thought you were.”
“Gee, thanks,” Haruka said sarcastically. As they spoke, a man approached them, seemingly
confused about where he was. He had pale skin, nearly combed blonde hair, and blue eyes.
“[Excuse me!]” he said in a language the others did not understand.

“Huh?” Haruka said, startled. “Uh, sorry, can I help you?”
“[Can you tell me where the Hilton Yokohama is?]” the man said, still in an unfamiliar language.
“Huh?”
“[I need to find the Hilton Yokohama,]” he repeated.
~Substory 02: The Interpreter~
“[Hirtono…?] Oh!” Haruka exclaimed. “That’s a hotel chain. You must be a tourist. Is that
English? [You are… America?]”
“Sorry, pal, we don’t speak English,” Saeko told the man. “[No Engrishu.]”
“You don’t?” Haruka asked. “Heh. Looks like someone needs to take lessons.”
Saeko crossed her arms. “And I suppose your English is flawless?”
“It’s pretty good, if I do say so myself,” Haruka bragged. “We have a lot of American soldiers in
Okinawa. I picked up enough.”
“Okay, smartypants, then what does he want?”
“I think he just wants directions. Watch and learn.” She turned to the man and said, in English, “[I
take you in your hoteru.]”
The man’s eyes widened. “H-huh?”
“[We go your hoteru, I take you. You ray down and you feeru good. Okay?]”
The man’s face lit up. “[U-um… yeah! Sure! Wow, thanks!]”
“[You are welcome!]”
Saeko raised an eyebrow. “He seems really excited. What did you say to him?”
“Just that I’d help him find his hotel so he can get some rest,” Haruka explained. “Do you happen
to know where the Hilton Yokohama is?”
“It’s in Nishi-ku, close to Minato Mirai.”
“Oh, wow, this guy’s really lost.” She turned to the man. “[My nameu… Ha-ru-ka. Don’tu worry! I
take you!]”
“Yeah, you have fun with that,” Nanba said as he started to walk away with Seonhee. “I’m not
leaving Ijincho just to help a tourist.”
“I’m only supposed to watch you as long as you’re in Ijincho,” Seonhee added. “Let me know
when you’re back in town.”
“So that’s how it is, huh?” Haruka said as she watched them leave. “No matter. I’ll be back, Sachan.”

“Well, hold on, Haruka,” Saeko interrupted. “Do you even know where you’re going?”
“Uh… no, not really.”
Saeko rolled her eyes. “Alright, come on, let’s go.”
Haruka smiled and nodded, then turned to the tourist once more. “[Ziso Sa-chan. Good, good
friend. We bozo take you.]”
The man seemed even more excited by this prospect. “[Wow! Both of you, at the same time?!
Japan is awesome!]”
“He says he really likes Japan,” Haruka said, smiling innocently. “[Nihon welcome you!]”
“I guess I’ll take your word for it,” Saeko replied. “Come on, let’s find a cab…”
***
The trio’s cab pulled up to a Poppo not far from the hotel, as the foreigner told Haruka he needed to
buy something before they got to his hotel. Saeko needed a pack of cigarettes as well, so all three of
them stepped in. Haruka and Saeko approached the counter, while the foreigner went to another
section to find what he was looking for.
“Goddamn these are getting expensive,” Saeko grumbled as she paid for her cigarettes. “Maybe I
need to quit altogether.” The clerk handed her the cigarettes and she put them in her purse. “I gotta
say, Haruka, I’m impressed. When you said you knew English, I sort of thought you were
bullshitting me, but it seems like this is going well.”
Haruka nodded. “We live in an increasingly globalized society. It’s a useful skill to have. Frankly,
I’m surprised you don’t know any, being a service worker in Yokohama.”
“Well, unlike the rest of Yokohama, we don’t get very many English-speaking tourists in Ijincho. I
guess it’s just never come up before now.” The tourist approached the counter and placed a large
box of condoms on it, which the clerk promptly rang him up for. Haruka stared at the box, then
chuckled.
“He must be here with a lady friend,” she said. “Look.”
Saeko looked at the box, then frowned. “Um, Haruka… He seemed really excited about this whole
thing,” she said. “What, uh… what exactly did you say to him?”
Haruka raised an eyebrow and tilted her head. “What do you mean?”
“And also… if he was here with his girlfriend, wouldn’t she have been with him in Ijincho?”
“Maybe she’s already at the hotel?”
“But… then he’d have somebody he could call for directions.”
Haruka stared at Saeko for a moment, then looked at the condoms on the counter, then back at
Saeko. Slowly, her face began to redden. “W-wait… You don’t think… he’s planning on using
those with us , do you?!” she asked, mortified.

“[Okay, I’m ready to go!]” the tourist said as he stepped outside the store.
“[Um, wait!]” Haruka replied in English, before switching back to Japanese and continuing her
conversation with Saeko. “Why would he think we’re planning to sleep with him?!”
“Maybe your English isn’t as good as you think it is, smartass?”
“I suppose it’s possible… but- But all I said was we’d take him to the hotel! Maybe he thought I
was coming onto him?”
“Well I’m not about to have a threeway with some tourist I just met, so you better get things
straight with him!”
“Right!” Haruka followed the man out and called out to him. “[You! Uh… no… no…] Sa-chan,
what’s the English word for sex?!”
“How the hell should I know? You’re the English expert!”
“Damn it!!”
“[Hm? Is something the matter, ladies?]”
“[Me, wis you, uh, no!]” Haruka exclaimed. “[Sa-chan, wis you, no no!]”
“[Huh?]”
“Well, look what we have here,” somebody suddenly said as he approached the group with his
friends. The approaching individuals were three Japanese men in their mid twenties, all dressed like
punks. “Another goddamn tourist. We just love tourists, don’t we, boys?” His cronies laughed and
nodded.
“[Huh? Uh, can I help you?]” the tourist asked.
“Learn the goddamn language!” the lead punk yelled.
“[Ah! I’m sorry!]"
“Hey, whoa, we don’t want any trouble,” Saeko said back to them. “We’re just trying to get this
guy to his hotel.”
“Maybe you should escort him to the fucking airport,” the lead punk spat. “What, is he another one
of those influencers here to mess with us?”
“What’s he talking about?” Haruka asked.
Saeko sighed. “It might not have made headlines down in Okinawa… but Yokohama and especially
Tokyo have had this problem lately with social media influencers coming over here from the west
and, really, just shitting on our culture and our customs for the sake of views,” she explained. “You
might’ve heard about that one guy a few years back who went into Aokigahara—the ‘suicide
forest’—and started filming dead bodies and other disrespectful shit like that, but there’s been a lot
more besides that. More recently, this group of YouTubers did this ‘challenge’ where they tried to
travel across the whole of Japan without paying for any public transportation. They were haggling
bus drivers, hopping over turnstiles to get onto trains without buying a ticket… one of them ended

up hiding in a train bathroom for two hours to avoid the ticket inspectors. The passengers thought
there was a terrorist on-board and it sparked this huge panic.
“Unfortunately, because of these select few morons, now western tourists have a bad rep in Kanto,”
Saeko continued. “The pandemic didn’t help, and the Great Dissolution meant there were less
yakuza on the streets to keep punks from messing with tourists, so when our borders reopened this
past year, gangs of ultranationalist tourist hunters started cropping up. It’s giving the Japanese a bad
name internationally.” She glared at the gang before her. “Haruka, can you tell the tourist that we’re
not all like these assholes?”
The gang leader laughed. “If more people were like us, Japan wouldn’t be the shithole it is right
now! These goddamn foreigners are ruining the place!”
“You’re wrong,” Haruka said. “This guy didn’t do anything wrong. He’s… a bit of a horndog,
admittedly, but that’s not… bad. Inherently. Look, he told me earlier about how much he loves
Japan. Why would we want to tarnish that image by causing problems for him?”
“Well, you might not, but I want him out. So step aside,” he said, pushing Haruka over and walking
towards the tourist.
“Ah!” Haruka exclaimed as she fell over. She glared back up at the punk.
“Oh, you son of a bitch,” Saeko cursed as she helped Haruka up.
“[Uh… S-sumimasen!]” the tourist squealed, getting on his hands and knees.
“Listen to him! Butchering the language!” The gang leader cracked his knuckles. “We’re gonna
break every bone in your body, punk. Best case scenario, you get to see all the Japanese healthcare
system has to offer. Worst case scenario, you fight back… and then the government sends you right
back to the shithole country you came from.” Suddenly, he felt a dainty hand on his shoulder. “Eh?”
he turned around and was immediately met with a shockingly hard roundhouse kick to the face,
knocking him over. Haruka stood over him, glaring, her fists clenched.
“Haruka, holy shit!” Saeko gasped.
“We’re Japanese ourselves. They can’t deport us,” Haruka said. “Now leave this guy alone. He
didn’t do anything to you.”
“Bitch!” the gang leader spat, standing up. “Fine, if you wanna die with this guy, so be it! Boys?
Fuck them up!”
Haruka and Saeko readied for battle once again.
ASSHOLES
With only Haruka and Saeko in the party, it was two against three this time, not that this
intimidated Haruka any. Together the two of them took on tougher foes. Haruka, being the quickest
on her feet, moved first, kicking one of the punks in the face with a swift upwards kick, which
knocked him over. She then jumped over him and landed both boots directly on his face,
showcasing incredible form by keeping her feet together the entire time. She then took a bow, and
stepped off of him. While he was still down, Saeko ran up to him and kicked him across the floor.
He stood back up and attacked right back, slashing Saeko with his knife and causing her to bleed.

“[Oh, this is all my fault,]” the tourist said. “[Please, let me help you!]”
“What did he say?” Saeko asked, her fists still up as she waited for her turn.
“He said he wants to help,” Haruka translated.
“Yeah, no thanks. If he fights back, the government gets involved and his vacation ends on a long
one-way flight. [Di-por-tedo.]”
“[But…!]”
Haruka shook her head. “[No fight! Stay!]”
The thug leader ran at Haruka with his knife, but she was able to dodge the attack by rolling
backwards. “You’re slower than you look!” Haruka taunted, enraging her opponent.
“YOU’RE FUCKING DEAD!!” he shouted, focusing all of her attention on her and none on
Saeko.
One of the other thugs ran at Haruka and threw two swift punches, which she was able to block.
However, she wasn’t quick enough to block the finisher, and she took a fist straight to the nose,
which knocked her over. “Ah!” she yelled out.
“[What to do… ah!]” the tourist exclaimed. He retrieved a Staminan from his bag and tossed it
Haruka’s way. She caught it, opened it, and drank it, giving her the energy to stand back up.
“[Ariga— er, sank you,]” Haruka thanked.
“[If you get hurt again, I have more!]”
“Good to know,” Haruka said to herself in Japanese. “You hear that Saeko? He’s our healer.”
Saeko nodded, then yelled out and ran at one of the attackers, kneeing him in the groin and causing
him to fall over in pain. “This one’s out. Let’s take the rest out quickly so the ambulance only has
to make one trip.”
“Heh. Got it.”
They fought even harder against the remaining two men and dispatched them rather quickly, with
the tourist providing energy drinks to help them out.
As the leader lay bruised and bleeding on the floor, Haruka stomped on his face, a sickening crunch
coming from it as she broke his nose. She grabbed him and pulled him up to his feet, causing blood
to drip from his nose onto her sweater. Then, she yelled out as she kicked him again, sending him
back to the floor.
“Relax,” Saeko said. “He’s done. No need to break every bone in his face.”
Haruka nodded and ceased her attacks. She smiled at Saeko, but Saeko didn’t smile back. She
seemed… frightened, almost.
“Is everything okay, Sa-chan?”

“I could ask you the same,” Saeko muttered.
“Huh? What do you mean?”
“[Excuse me…]” the tourist interrupted. “[A… arigatou!]” he exclaimed. “[Thank you so much,
but… I feel so bad! I didn’t know I was causing problems for you!]”
Haruka shook her head. “[Not your fault. Them,]” she said, pointing to the unconscious thugs,
“[They are problem. She… assahoru.]” Did I use the right pronoun there? she thought to herself…
which reminded her. “[Also… I am sorry. My Engrishu… not so good. I think… you do not
understand. Yeah?]”
The man nodded. “[Yeah, I figured. So… You really weren’t coming onto me, huh?]”
“[I think no. No, uh… sexo. Just a friend. Okay?]”
“[That’s okay… Honestly, I feel stupid for thinking that in the first place…]”
“[Not stupid. Just not understand. That’s all.]”
“[I…] the man sighed. Then, to Haruka’s surprise, he replied in broken Japanese, “I am a disgrace.”
“Oh!” Haruka exclaimed. “[You speak Japanese?]”
The man shook his head. “Only little bit… Learned from anime and video games. I am stupid when
I speak.”
“Heh. For somebody with no formal education, you’re alright,” Saeko chuckled.
“I love Japan so much,” the man said sadly. “It is… favorite country. But [Japanese] so bad… I not
use it. Your [English] better than my [Japanese].”
Haruka laughed, noticing that he was peppering his Japanese with English words which did
admittedly make him harder to understand, but she got the point well enough. “[Not much better.
My accent is too thick.]”
“You have trouble with some sounds, but it’s actually pretty good,” the man complimented. “[You
seem to have the most trouble with ‘L’ sounds and words ending in consonants.]”
Haruka nodded. “Some sounds that you have in [Engrishu] just don’t exist in [Japanese] — the
word for our language in our language is nihongo, by the way,” she explained.
“Ni-hon-go…” the man sounded out. He smiled. “Thank you, Haruka. I love Japan so much… I
want live here in future. But… maybe they,” he said gesturing to the incapacitated assholes, “are
correct. I should go home.”
Haruka shook her head. She tried to keep her speech simple so the man would understand. “If you
like Japan, and you want to live here, you shouldn’t give up on that. Not all Japanese are like these
guys.”
“Oh, I know. Most have been kind… Especially Haruka and Sa-chan.”

“Just Saeko, is fine,” Saeko said. “If you go around calling people you don’t really know stuff like
that, they might get the wrong idea.”
“I see. You must be very close.”
Haruka blushed. “I wouldn’t say that…”
“I would,” Saeko said.
“Huh?”
“I mean, granted, we only just met a few days ago, but… Haruka’s a pal. I’ve got her back, and
she’s got mine. Right?”
Haruka nodded. “Right.” She looked back at the tourist. “Anyway… Don’t let people like these
guys discourage you from living your dream. No matter where you go, you’ll always find people
who hate you because of your ethnicity, gender, sexuality, what languages you speak, and so on.
But you can’t let those people stop you. You know, somebody who’s sort of like my little brother is
an American.”
“Your brother?”
“Yeah. We grew up at the same orphanage. He loves baseball.”
“[Aw, no way!]” the tourist exclaimed. “[Is he a Nats fan?]”
“I’ve never heard of that team,” Haruka chuckled. “But he just signed with the Nagoya Wyverns.
He’s going to debut next season. [Next year.] Mitsuo Kiryu. [He is going to be their dragon.
Nagoya no ryu. Count on it.]”
“[Well if he’s your brother, then I’ll be his first fan!]” the man said. “[And when I move to Japan,
I’ll go to all of his games!]”
“That’s the spirit!”
“Kids at the orphanage took Kiryu’s name?” Saeko asked.
Haruka nodded. “Some of them. I advised them not to, because the media knows I was raised by a
yakuza named Kazuma Kiryu and they might connect the dots. Mitsuo’s original name was
‘Robinson’, but he didn’t want to have any connection to his birth father since he abandoned him.”
“Makes sense, I suppose.”
“He said as far as he’s concerned, Kazuma Kiryu’s his real father, and he doesn’t care if people hate
him for it. But with the Tojo Clan disbanded, people seem not to be as concerned about that
anymore. So… when he came of age, he took the family name ‘Kiryu’.”
“Um, Haruka?” the tourist interrupted. “Forgive me if this is forward… but, here,” he said, handing
her a piece of paper.
“What is this?”

“It’s… it’s my email,” he said. “[My name is Tom. Even though I totally misunderstood your
intentions, I still think I want to stay in contact with you. If you’re ever in America, please look me
up. Okay?]”
“Tom...” Haruka smiled at him. “Okay. We’ll keep in touch. [I will be your friend! But that is it,
okay?]”
“[Right, yeah, totally…]”
“Keep practicing your Japanese. [And I will practice my English. Okay?]”
“Okay!” Tom turned to walk to his hotel. “Thank you, Haruka and Saeko! Goodbye!” he said in
Japanese as he waved.
“[Goodbye!”] Haruka and Saeko responded in English.
“Well, Haruka, you just got a guy’s email,” Saeko teased. “Not quite out of the game yet, huh?”
“Hmph. I’m not going to date him.”
“Well… maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow… Maybe not for a while. But one day, the pain of
losing Yuta will subside,” Saeko said. “And, as Haruto gets older, you’re gonna find yourself with a
little more free time. And believe me, being a single woman in your thirties gets old fast. So you’ll
want to keep your options open. Now come on. Let’s get back to Ijincho,” she said as they started
walking.
Keep my options open? Haruka thought. She supposed that, logically, it was true that, one day,
she’d be ready to date again, even if she didn’t currently feel like that day would ever come. Which
reminded her… “Sa-chan? Do you think you and Kasuga-san will be alright?”
“Not sure,” Saeko sighed. “Truth is, we were already sort of on and off to begin with. Would you
believe he proposed on our first date?”
“Seriously?!”
“Yeah. I didn’t really think he was that serious about it so I brushed him off. He kept trying to win
me over, but he was really weird about it and I had to break it off a couple of times. The time we
spent dating before the pregnancy scare was our third try, I think. Maybe it’s just not meant to be.”
“I’m sorry.”
“I’ll be fine. What I’m more worried about right now is you,” Saeko said. “Your clothes are
covered in blood. Let’s get you cleaned up before somebody gets the wrong idea.”
“Huh?” she looked down at her clothes. “We didn’t hurt him that bad, did we?”
“He’ll be fine, he’s still moving,” Saeko said, looking back at the gang as they slowly got up and
limped away from the scene of the beat down. “Piece of shit deserved it anyway. But, uh… maybe
stay away from any fights for a bit. You’re sort of scary when you go all out.”
“Right. Sorry… I didn’t know I was even capable of that.”

“Well, you were raised by the legendary Dragon of Dojima,” Saeko chuckled. “Maybe some of that
rubbed off on you.”
“He wanted to keep me away from that sort of thing, though… He didn’t want me to get hurt.”
“Maybe he was more worried about what it would do to you. All of that violence is mentally
taxing.” Saeko sighed.
“I’m… sort of desensitized to it,” Haruka admitted. “When Uncle Kaz first found me, I was
surrounded by death.”
***
She remembered what it was like, walking into Bacchus on that chilly December night back in
2005. “I was only nine years old, searching for my mother, who was last seen in Kamurocho,” she
explained. “I had tracked her down to a bar close to the Millenium Tower, and stepped in to look
for her. I didn’t find her. What I did find was something no child should ever have to see.”
Dead bodies were strewn all about the bar. Blood and brain matter covered the walls. Haruka
gasped and stepped back, looking around in horror at all the death around her. She didn’t have time
to process it, because just then, the door started to open again. The killers, maybe, coming back for
seconds. She quickly ran to the other side of the room, ignoring all of the corpses, and hid behind
the counter. Just nearby was a handgun, which she quickly grabbed in case she needed to defend
herself—not that she even really knew how to use it.
The door opened, and somebody stepped in. Haruka was shaking, but she tried to hold her breath as
best she could. Maybe it was a police officer, and this nightmare would be over soon. She peeked
around the corner and saw a tall, muscular, scary-looking yakuza with slicked back black hair,
wearing a gray suit and a red button-up dress shirt, buttoned up only to his chest. His face was grim
as he slowly walked through the room, looking around at the carnage.
He bent over to look at the deceased bartender, slumped over the counter. He was getting closer.
Terrified, Haruka shuddered, letting out an involuntary gasp, which alerted the yakuza to her
presence. He slowly stepped around the corner and saw her, shaking in fear, a gun she didn’t even
know how to use in her hand. He quickly grabbed the barrel of the gun and disarmed her, and she
looked up at him.
His face was serious, but two things were clear to her just from looking at it: he wasn’t here to hurt
her, and in fact, he was just as horrified by this turn of events as she was.
“What happened?” he asked.
Haruka looked down at the floor. Maybe this was his favorite bar, and he just missed the carnage.
“When I got here, everyone… Everyone… was…”
“Why’d you come here?”
Haruka looked back up at him. Something in her heart could tell from the look in his eyes that he
wasn’t one of the bad guys, despite how scary he looked. She wasn’t sure if he was one of the good
guys either, mind you, but in Kamurocho, good guys were hard to come by.
“I'm looking for my mom,” she explained. “I asked around, and…”

“What’s your name, kid?” the yakuza asked.
Haruka didn’t answer. Even if he wasn’t one of the bad guys, she didn’t exactly trust this man.
“We have to get out of here,” he said a moment later when it became clear Haruka wasn’t going to
answer.
“Huh? W-with you?”
He nodded and stood up. “Unless you want to stay here with the corpses. Come on.”
Haruka didn’t move. The yakuza sighed.
“Look… I don’t know what’s going on here any more than you do,” he said. “But I’m trying to get
to the bottom of it.”
“Are you one of the good guys?”
“I’m… not one of the bad guys.”
“How do I know I can trust you? You look like yakuza.”
“I’m not yakuza,” he denied. “Well… I’m not anymore. I haven’t been for ten years. But even if I
was… a yakuza has his honor. Or, at least, I think they still do.” He knelt down to her level. “So on
my honor… I promise, I’m not going to hurt you, and I’m not going to let anyone hurt you. I just
want to get you somewhere safe. Okay?” He held his hand out for her. “You can trust me.”
Haruka hesitated. Should she go with this man? She looked around again at the room she was in.
She didn’t have many other options. Finally, she nodded. “Okay, mister. I’ll come with you.” She
stood up, and the man did as well. They started to walk out.
“Are you gonna be okay, kid?” the yakuza asked as the two of them stepped past the bodies. “This
is… pretty heavy stuff for a kid to have to see.”
“I’m tough, mister. I can handle it. But… shouldn’t we tell someone about what happened?”
Haruka said as they stepped out of the building.
“That was big enough to make waves,” the man replied. “I’m sure the cops are on the way.”
“Okay.”
The yakuza looked around at the street they walked along, then raised an eyebrow. “But is it just
me, or are there fewer pay phones now? They used to be all over the city.”
Haruka was confused. Pay phones? What decade was this man living in? “Well, everyone has cell
phones now,” she explained. “You only use a pay phone if your battery dies.”
“Oh… is that right?”
“Huh? Mister, do you not have a cellphone?”
The yakuza looked away. “D-don’t be ridiculous…” he stammered. “Of course I do.”

This man was sort of awkward. Strangely, it did a lot to put Haruka at ease. “Good,” she said.
“That’s a relief.”
Suddenly, she stopped in her tracks and gasped. Further down the road, a group of thugs were
pelting rocks at a poor, helpless puppy, who barked and whined at them, begging for help.
“Bullseye!” one of the punks yelled out. “That one hurt! Hear it cryin’?!”
“That was sick!” another one laughed. “Put it out of its misery!”
Watching the men torture this helpless creature made Haruka so sad, and so angry, she wanted to
jump to the dog’s defense, to put these punks in their place and make them feel the pain they were
making the dog feel… but what could she do? She was small and helpless herself.
“Stop…” she begged quietly, horrified. “Stop it…!” Suddenly, she felt a comforting hand on her
head. She looked up at the yakuza she was with, who was glaring at the punks. He stepped forward
to confront them.
One of them chucked another rock at the dog, but the yakuza caught it.
“Huh?” one of the thugs gasped. The yakuza then chucked the rock, as hard as possible, at his face,
busting open his brow and causing him to bleed.
“Yo-chan!” one of the other thugs gasped. “You okay bro?!”
Haruka stared in amazement at this man. Maybe he was one of the good guys after all. The thugs’
leader walked toward them. “The fuck, man?!” he exclaimed.
“I’m having a pretty rough day,” the yakuza said, sighing as he cracked his own neck. “And I’m
pissed off about it.”
“Huh?”
“So this whole mess… bad luck on your part.”
The thug chuckled. “That so?” he asked, gesturing to a large group of his buddies, who were all
walking towards the yakuza, ready for a fight. They had him surrounded, but he didn’t seem
intimidated at all. This intrigued Haruka. “Who’s got bad luck now, old man?” the thug asked,
cracking his knuckles.
The leader threw the first punch, but the yakuza was ready, countering this with an inhumanely fast
punch to the gut, knocking all of the wind out of him. Haruka watched in awe as the yakuza
proceeded to fight off his buddies, one after the other after the other. It was like something out of a
kung fu movie. Left hooks, right hooks, headbutts, roundhouse kicks; at one point, the yakuza even
picked up a bicycle and knocked over an entire row of thugs, smashed it on top of them, then body
slammed them, smashing the bike (and probably their bones) into a dozen pieces.
When all was said and done, the yakuza stood triumphantly, like a dragon, over his enemies, beaten
and bruised and lying on the ground. He hadn’t even broken a sweat. He looked back down at
Haruka, who stared at the pile of beaten punks in awe. “Let’s go,” he said without missing a beat.
“Huh? Oh, uh… yeah,” Haruka said, smiling as they walked away from the thugs and back toward
the dog.

“Sorry you had to see that, kid,” the yakuza said.
“It was kind of fun to watch,” Haruka admitted. “Like an action movie. Are you a martial artist?
How many styles do you know? I thought I saw you change up your moves.”
“Ah… Well… I like to be versatile… Still…” he sighed as they walked. “I’m a bit out of shape
compared to how I used to be. I’ve been away from Kamurocho for a while now, but, uh… I guess
you don’t need to know all the details of that.
“Oh! Look!” Haruka exclaimed as she ran back to the puppy, who was still whining. She knelt over
to pet it, wincing as she felt its bruises under its fur.
“Come on, let’s go,” the yakuza said coldly.
“But… I can tell he’s hungry. Look how skinny he is.” This dog was practically skin and bones.
Clearly he’d been on his own for a while.
“Kid… where’s your mother?”
“Huh?” Haruka looked up at the yakuza.
“Aren’t you looking for her?” he asked.
“I don’t know… I’ve been looking all day.”
“Hmph. Where do you live?”
Like I’m telling you that, Haruka thought… although, considering her situation, it’s not like there’s
much he could do with the information. She sighed and shook her head.
“You don’t have a home, kid?”
“The orphanage,” she replied. “I snuck out.”
The man knelt down. “You live in an orphanage? Wait, kid…”
“I’m not ‘kid’,” Haruka interrupted.
“Huh?”
“It’s Haruka. Not ‘kid’.” Hang on, I don’t even have this guy’s name. “What’s your name, mister?”
The man stood back up. “It’s Kiryu,” he replied. “Kazuma Kiryu.”
“Then please,” she begged Kiryu, “can’t we give him something to eat?”

Chapter 7: The Seiryu Slugger
“So, let me get this straight,” Saeko recalled as she and Haruka sat at the bar at Survive, drinking as
they discussed the day’s events. “You’re like, nine… it’s your first night in Kamurocho… And you
walk into a bar looking for Mizuki, and the first thing you see is a bunch of dead bodies? Shit, with
childhood trauma like that, it’s a wonder you didn’t turn out to be a serial killer or something. No
offense.”
“None taken. I admit, it wasn’t exactly an… ordinary childhood.”
“And that’s when you first met Kiryu.”
“Yeah. I didn’t trust him at first, but he was big, and I was small, so… I sort of needed him.”
“Who knew something as transactional as that could become something so beautiful,” Saeko
chuckled.
“But he ended up being a real nice guy,” Kashiwagi chimed in as he cleaned a mug nearby. “…Or
so it seems, anyway. Not that I would know.”
Haruka smiled at him and nodded. “Right. It didn’t take long for me to realize what a kind-hearted
man he was. Even if he was scary-looking at first. Heh. We took that dog in for a bit. Pochitaro, I
called him. Eventually, Uncle Kaz donated him to Sunflower so he could keep all the kids
company… Gosh, that was so long ago. Just over seventeen years. It’s sad to think Pochitaro’s
probably not around anymore.”
“When was the last time you visited Sunflower?”
Haruka thought about it. “Hmmm… I tried visiting in the spring of 2011, I think. I was going to
Tokyo to attend the director’s retirement ceremony, but I didn’t end up making it. At the time, most
of Kamurocho was—.”
Nanba and Seonhee entered the bar, interrupting her train of thought. “Oh, Seonhee. Nanba-san,”
Haruka greeted.
“You guys finished with that tourist?” Nanba asked.
“Yeah. It was… an interesting experience.”
“Cool. Well, we bumped into someone in town that you might wanna meet.” Nanba stepped aside,
and a rather tall and muscular African American man entered the bar. Haruka’s eyes widened.
“Huh? Hey, isn’t that—?”
“Gary Buster Homes, at your service!” the man, Gary, introduced himself. “Haruka-chan. It’s been
too long.”
“You know this guy?” Saeko asked.

“Sort of,” Haruka replied. “I mean, he was one of Uncle Kaz’s friends, but… yeah, I kind of knew
him.” Haruka smiled and stood up, bowing. “It’s been a while, Gary.”
“When I heard you were in Ijincho, I just had to come see you,” Gary said. “I wanted to say I’m,
uh… I’m really sorry about what happened to Kiryu-san. When I heard about it… man. It wrecked
me. He didn’t deserve to go out like that.”
“Hmph. He died protecting me,” Haruka explained. “I think he went out exactly the way he wanted
to. But… Thank you for saying so. Say… your Japanese has improved a lot since I last saw you.”
She chuckled. “You could almost be mistaken for a native speaker!”
Gary beamed. “I’ve been practicing every day for the last twenty years. I’m glad I finally fit in.
Anyway. I have a deposition for you, Haruka-chan.”
He clearly meant ‘proposition’. “Mm, your Japanese isn’t totally flawless, I guess…” Haruka
murmured. “But what is it?”
“Well, since Kiryu-san passed, who’s been looking after you?”
“I’ve been looking after myself. Even learned how to fight.”
“And that’s great… but don’t you wish you had more help?”
Haruka hummed. “Sa-chan, Nanba-san, and Seonhee have been helping me while I’m in Ijincho,
but… they won’t always be around, I suppose.”
“Yeah,” Saeko agreed. “Like how Nan-chan and Seonhee totally bailed on us and we had to fight
those ultranationalists by ourselves.”
“We didn’t know you would get into a fight,” Nanba protested. “The rest of Yokohama’s usually a
lot safer than Ijincho.”
“Shit’s going downhill everywhere these days,” Saeko grumbled. “Masato Arakawa and Bleach
Japan fucked this whole country up. How does one asshole screw over so many people?”
“That’s Ichiban’s brother,” Nanba said, crossing his arms.
“Yeah? Well Ichiban’s not here right now. And even Ichiban knows what a shit Arakawa was.”
Gary cleared his throat, causing her to halt her rant. “Sorry, Gary. Continue.”
“Anyway… As it turns out, in the last few years, I’ve been managing my own private military
company!” Gary explained. “Haruka-chan… You need to sign up for Poundmates!”
Haruka tilted her head. “Pound… mates? Gary, I’m not hiring a private army for street fights. That
sounds expensive, unnecessary, and illegal. And no offense… You might need to think up a better
name.”
“Ah, Poundmates isn’t your ordinary PMC!” Gary assured her. “We cater to the individual and
provide security on an hourly basis using gig workers. People sign up using our app, and are
matched with the worker best suited to their needs at that very moment. Think of it like… Uber, but
for ass whoopings. How about I give you a free demonstration?”
Haruka sighed. “Well, if you insist… but… don’t you need to be in a fight to use your service?”

Gary laughed. “Why don’t we take this outside?”
***
Haruka stood on one end of the street just outside of Survive, while Gary made Saeko, Nanba, and
Seonhee stand on the other end. “I don’t get it,” Haruka said. “Where’s the fight?”
Gary nodded, and looked over at the other three. “Okay, guys. Just like I explained.”
“Is this a good idea?” Nanba asked.
Saeko smirked. “I dunno. This might be fun.”
“Alright…” Nanba sighed. He put his hood up and pulled his umbrella out. Saeko and Seonhee
similarly assumed battle positions.
“Eh?!” Haruka gasped, taking a step back. “You’re kidding me!”
“Now then,” Gary explained. “Let’s say you’re traveling with your party… but then an evil rich
guy shows up, and gives them each ¥10,000 to kick your ass.”
“Are we getting ¥10,000?” Saeko asked.
“If you win.”
“Awesome.”
“You don’t have any backup anymore, Haruka-chan,” Gary laughed. “What’re you gonna do?”
“Cry!”
“Not an option! Now then… begin!” Gary ordered as he fled the scene.
“Ugh…” Haruka groaned. “Great.”
THE HEROES OF YOKOHAMA
Seonhee moved first, running at Haruka with her blade and slashing at her. Haruka dodge rolled
away from her, causing the attack to miss, and stood back up. “Sorry, Haruka,” Seonhee taunted.
“Money’s on the line.”
“You have money!” Haruka scolded.
“I run two gangs. I’ve got a loooot of mouths to feed. Inflation’s a bitch.”
“You better have a good reason for this, Gary,” Haruka grumbled.
Saeko was next. She settled for a simple rush combo, hitting Haruka twice with her bag to knock
her to the ground, then kicking her once she was down.
“Ah! Was that necessary?!”
“No, but it was fun,” Saeko smirked.

Finally, Nanba was up. He pulled out a packet of birdseed and threw it at Haruka, who recoiled
from them.
“That’s your attack?” she asked, confused. Her confusion was replaced with fear when Nanba held
his umbrella up, summoning a flock of pigeons, who swarmed Haruka, trying to get the seed that
Nanba had spread around. All in all, Haruka wasn’t doing too good. “Damn it…”
“Haruka!” she heard from a nearby rooftop. She looked up and saw Gary watching from above.
“This demonstration sucks!” Haruka yelled.
“Use the app!” Gary instructed.
“Fine…” Haruka pulled out her phone and opened the newly installed Poundmates app. Frantically,
she navigated the app’s menus, looking for Gary’s profile. She swiped and tapped faster and faster,
static electricity sparking from her finger as she did so, before she finally found Gary’s icon.
“Please…” she said as she tapped the icon, then held her phone up in the sky. “I NEED YOUR
HELP!” she shouted to the heavens. A beam of light emanated from her phone and shot into the
sky, breaking apart the clouds above. From that new part in the clouds, Gary jumped into action,
landing on the battlefield between Haruka and her opponents.
“Are you ready for sudden death,” he said as he stood up from his fall, “or sudden breasts?” He
now wore two large wrecking balls over his fists, which he clacked together effortlessly and
menacingly. He started stepping towards Haruka’s party.
“Ah, shit,” Saeko muttered. She was blown away a second later by a powerful shockwave,
generated by the force of Gary swinging his massive wrecking balls at her.
“TAKE THIS!” Gary yelled. He swung again at Seonhee, knocking her over as well. “AND
THAT!” Finally, he stood before Nanba, who backed up from him, terrified.
“Uh, easy…” he said nervously. Gary smirked and raised both of his fists above his head, then
slammed them onto the ground, causing a localized earthquake which sent a large crack in the road
towards Nanba.
“You’ve… been… POUNDED!” Gary shouted as the asphalt exploded beneath Nanba’s feet,
sending him into the air and ending the battle.
Haruka stood before her party, shocked, as they all lay on the ground, groaning in pain. “Are you
all okay?!” she exclaimed as she ran to them to help them up.
“Yeah, we’re all fine,” Saeko groaned as Haruka helped her up. Haruka then helped up Nanba and
Seonhee.
“Shit… it doesn’t feel good to be on the receiving end of that,” Nanba said.
“And that’s the beauty of Poundmates!” Gary laughed. “You call us, your enemies will be on the
ground in no time.”
“I can see that,” Haruka said. “This does seem very useful, but surely there was an easier way to
demonstrate.”

Gary shook his head. “Sure, but was there a more fun way? I don’t think so.” Suddenly, his phone
buzzed. He looked down at it. “Ah, another customer in… Ryukyu, Okinawa? Ah, man… Well, I
gotta get going. See you guys later.” He turned and left. Haruka raised an eyebrow and tilted her
head.
“How is he supposed to get to Okinawa in time…?” she asked.
“I dunno, but he usually finds a way,” Nanba said. “He’s helped Ichiban out of a few binds no
matter where he’s at. Ijincho, Kamurocho, Sotenbori… guy can get places really fast.”
“Huh…”
“MATRIARCH SAWAMURA!!!” Haruka suddenly heard a man shouting from down the road,
causing her to sigh.
“Oh no.” Haruka looked out into the street and saw Arakawa, one of the Majima Family yakuza
from yesterday, running in her direction.
“Arakawa-san,” she greeted. “You’re doing well, I hope. Where are the others?”
When Arakawa finally arrived, he was out of breath. “Matriarch Sawamura… hah… you gotta
come quick! Yokoyama and Nomura are in trouble!”
“Huh? What happened?”
“Come with me, I’ll explain on the way!” He started running in the direction of the Commercial
District. Haruka gave her companions a confused look.
“A good leader is always there for her soldiers,” Saeko quipped. “Come on, Seventh Chairwoman.
Let’s go see what’s going on,” she said, chuckling as she, Nanba, and Seonhee started following
Arakawa.
“What am I doing with my life…?” Haruka sighed.
***
When the group made it to Yokoyama and Nomura’s location, both were lying on the ground, badly
beaten and bruised. Concerned, Haruka and Saeko bent over to help them stand up. “Hey,
Yokoyama-san!” Haruka said. “What happened?!”
“Ah… Matriarch Sawamura,” Yokohama groaned.
“Come on, let’s get you somewhere safe,” Saeko said, grunting as she slung Nomura’s arm over her
shoulder.
“Uh, Captain Mukoda… you smell really nice,” Nomura muttered, drifting in and out of
consciousness.
“Okay, don’t get any ideas, pal,” Saeko replied, annoyed, causing Haruka to chuckle. She glared at
her when she heard the laugh.
“It’s a little funny,” Haruka said, a cat-like smirk on her face. “Let’s take them to Survive.”

Saeko nodded. “Right. Nanba, you get the other arm…” Nanba nodded and grabbed Nomura from
the other side. “…and Seonhee, you help Haruka with Yokoyama.” Seonhee did so, and the group
made their way back to Survive.
***
When they were finally at Survive, they brought the yakuza upstairs and laid them down on the
futon. Nanba sat down next to them and got to work. Haruka watched as he examined their bodies
for injury.
“Oh, yeah, you said you were a nurse, didn’t you?” Haruka asked, to which Nanba nodded.
“Yeah. Ichiban’s party needs medical attention a lot, believe it or not.”
“Oh, I believe it,” Haruka replied. “After everything I’ve seen in just the last couple of days? It’s a
wonder you all don’t have annual passes at the hospital.”
“Yeah, well, thanks to me, we’re mostly able to avoid it.” He stood up and crossed his arms.
“They’ll be fine. Nothing’s broken and they don’t seem to have any major internal injuries. They’re
just gonna be really sore for a while. It looks like they were attacked with a blunt object.”
Haruka turned to Arakawa. “What happened to them? Did you see who attacked them?”
Arakawa shook his head. “N-no, I was getting us some food when they got attacked,” he said.
“Agh…” Yokoyama groaned.
“Sleeping Beauty’s awake,” Saeko quipped.
“Yokoyama-san,” Haruka said, kneeling beside him. “Who did this to you?”
“It was… the Seiryu Clan,” he groaned.
“Well, that makes sense,” Saeko replied. “You do know the Commercial District is their turf, right?
So, what, they got pissed that you were muscling in on their territory and sent some thugs to beat
you up?”
“I guess…”
Haruka sighed. “Well, I’m glad you’re okay, but you should’ve known better.”
“Here’s the weird thing… their leader was this American guy…”
“An American yakuza?” Saeko asked. “That’s new.”
“Yeah… this American guy with a baseball bat.”
“Oh, yeah, I heard about him, actually,” Nanba said. “They’re calling him the Seiryu Slugger. He’s
their newest recruit. Always carries a bat around with him.”
Haruka stood up. “Get some rest, and try to stay out of the Commercial District. This Seiryu
Slugger sounds dangerous. I’ll go get you something to eat.” She turned to walk back downstairs.

“Matriarch Sawamura… he gave us a name after he was done with us,” Yokoyama interrupted.
“Oh?”
“He was… he was using the Fourth Chairman’s name.”
Haruka stopped in her tracks. “What?” she asked as she turned to look at him.
“Yeah… he said… ‘The name’s Kiryu, and don’t you forget it’. Said he was gonna become the
Seiryu Clan’s dragon. I told him he’d never be a dragon, and that he didn’t deserve to share a name
with the Fourth Chairman. And that’s the last thing I remember before he knocked me out.”
“Wait… an American man with a bat… calling himself Kiryu…” Haruka muttered to herself,
trying to connect the pieces. “Yokoyama-san. What did this guy look like?”
“He was some black kid. Looked like maybe he had some Japanese in him, but I couldn’t tell for
sure.”
“Wait, Haruka…” Saeko said slowly, “…doesn’t that sound like…?”
Haruka’s eyes widened. “No…” she muttered. “That can’t be right…”
“Haruka, what’s going on?” Nanba asked. “Do you know this guy, or something?”
“Well… the description matches somebody I was raised with at the orphanage,” Haruka explained.
“Mitsuo Kiryu. He’s half-American, half-Japanese. He has dark skin, he’s great at baseball. But…
it can’t be him. He just signed with the Wyverns. He’s in Nagoya now, training.”
“Have you spoken to him recently?” Seonhee asked. “Maybe something changed.”
“I spoke with him last week. He said he would be sending money for the orphanage soon.”
“But did he say where the money was coming from?” Saeko asked.
“My brother is not a yakuza!” Haruka snapped back. “He would never get involved in something
like that. That’s not the life Uncle Kaz wanted for any of us and he knows that.”
“And yet… there’s an American guy working with the Seiryu Clan that matches his description,”
Nanba mused.
“It’s a coincidence!” Haruka exclaimed. “It has to be. Mitsuo wouldn’t work for any yakuza family.
He moved boxes full of old ledgers into storage once for the Ryudo Family to earn money for a
new baseball glove. That’s as deep as he ever got in that life.”
“Well… there’s only one way for us to know for sure,” Saeko reasoned.
Haruka thought about her options. Really, she only had one option. She had to figure out who this
Seiryu Slugger was and why he was besmirching Uncle Kaz’s good name. She looked over at
Seonhee.
“Where’s the Seiryu Clan headquartered?”

Seonhee replied, “They’re right here in Ijincho, but recently they took over the old Tojo Clan
headquarters in Tokyo as well. That’s where the new recruits are meant to report.”
Haruka nodded. “Fantastic. I know the place. Come on, let's get to the bottom of this.” She walked
out, but her companions didn’t immediately follow.
“…Why did she say that like it was a vacation home to her?” Nanba asked, breaking the silence.
***
The group hailed a cab and piled in, Haruka in the passenger seat and the other three in the back,
although the driver seemed confused when Haruka gave him the address. “Huh? Uh, are you
confused, ma’am?” the driver asked. “That’s the old Tojo Clan headquarters.”
“I’m sure, sir. Don’t worry. We can handle ourselves.”
“O…kay. If you say so.”
And so the group set off to Tokyo, determined to get to the bottom of all this.
“I haven’t been back to Tokyo since the pandemic,” Haruka muttered.
“Place is a shithole, now,” Nanba replied. “When Ryo Aoki died and the Tokyo Omi Alliance was
forced to dissolve, all the local street gangs took over. Kamurocho’s gotten especially bad.”
“Akiyama-san did tell me to stay away from Kamurocho…”
“Whoever that is, you should listen to him. There’s not much reason to go there these days.”
Haruka pushed her sleeve up and looked down at the dragon tattoo on her wrist. “I’m going back
there one day,” she said. “Utabori, the tattoo artist that did Uncle Kaz’s dragon, is still operating
there. I need to get this filled in at some point.”
Nanba raised an eyebrow. “Huh? A dragon tattoo?” He looked at Saeko. “Sa-chan, isn’t that what
—?”
“It’s the design Ichiban has on his back, that’s right,” Saeko said, cutting him off. “Well, Ichiban’s
is a dragon fish, to be specific. He told me it’s not a dragon; it’s like a dragon.”
Seonhee nodded. “It’s based on a Chinese myth. Koi symbolize fame and wealth, perseverance and
strength, and it’s said that a koi may one day evolve into a dragon, which is what Kasuga’s tattoo
depicts.”
“But whatever the case, dragons are really popular tattoo designs in the yakuza world,” added
Saeko. “I’m sure lots of them have one.”
“But I’m talking about— OW!” Nanba groaned as both Seonhee and Saeko elbowed him from
either side, hard.
“Not now,” Saeko whispered. “We’ll talk about it later.”
“What are you three talking about back there?” Haruka asked.

“Oh, just about how your tattoo reminds us of Icchan’s,” Saeko lied. “He’s got a big dragon fish on
his back.”
“Interesting… But… That doesn’t sound like it’s that similar.”
“Oh, trust me, the resemblance is uncanny.”
“Hmm…”
***
The cab arrived at the former headquarters of the Tojo Clan, now apparently occupied by the Tokyo
subsidiary of the Seiryu Clan. “Thank you,” Haruka said as she paid the driver. The group stepped
out and the cab very quickly drove off.
“Somebody’s in a hurry,” Saeko muttered.
“Yeah, who wouldn’t wanna be caught hanging out outside a yakuza hideout?” Nanba asked
sarcastically. “Haruka, you know the Seiryu Clan’s super dangerous, right?”
“I’m not afraid of the yakuza,” Haruka said as she approached a call button near the locked gate.
She pressed it, paging whoever was doing security for these guys. “Besides, if Mitsuo really is
here, that’s all the more reason I need to get him out of here as soon as possible.”
“Who’s there?” a gruff voice suddenly came from the speaker. “We’re not open to the public.”
“Hi, we were hoping to speak with the captain of this family,” Haruka greeted. “Or whoever’s in
charge at the moment? I need to speak with one of your… associates.”
“Is Chairman Takabe here?” Nanba added. “We’re old friends of his.”
“Oh, right, he took over after Hoshino died, didn’t he?” Saeko said. “Forgot about that. The Clan's
been doing good under his watch, if they have these swanky new headquarters.”
“Do you have an appointment?” the voice asked. “The captain is very busy.”
“An appointment?” Haruka said in confusion.
“Guess the yakuza doesn’t do walk-ins,” Saeko remarked.
“Uh, actually, I’m, uh…” Haruka said, trying to think of something that would get her in. She
cleared her throat. “My name is Mizuki Usami. I represent the Yomei Alliance, down in Hiroshima.
We’re expanding into Kansai to fill the void left by the Omi Alliance and my patriarch wanted to…
discuss an alliance with your clan?”
Silence.
“Yeah, I don’t think they’re convinced,” Saeko said.
“Oh, shut up, at least I’m trying!” Haruka shot back in a hushed tone. “Besides, my husband was in
the Yomei Alliance. I’m not technically lying about that.”
“No, you’re just lying about virtually everything else. Your name included.”

“Is every important man in your life in the yakuza?” Nanba asked.
“That’s not important right now, Nanba-san!” Haruka said.
“Well, any other ideas?” Saeko asked.
Haruka thought about it. “Seonhee… are you absolutely sure that a new recruit would be sent
here?”
Seonhee nodded. “They report directly to the captain of the Tokyo subsidiary, since the Yokohama
Seiryu already has its established power hierarchies. Which begs the question of why he’d have
been seen in Yokohama…”
“You think the Tokyo captain might be making moves?” Saeko asked.
“It’s possible. Not all within the Seiryu are satisfied with Chairman Takabe’s leadership. The Tokyo
Seiryu may be getting ready to mount a coup.” She looked at Haruka. “If civil war breaks out in the
Seiryu Clan, Mitsuo will be in grave danger, Haruka.”
“Then if he’s here, we need to get him out, ASAP.” Haruka replied. “Come on. Let’s find another
way in.”
“I’ve got a bad feeling about this…” Nanba groaned as Haruka led the party to find another way
into the compound.

Chapter 8: Uragirimono no Kakurega
“Ah!”
Haruka grunted as she landed on the ground below. She had jumped from the outer wall
surrounding the compound, having climbed over using a nearby tree. Saeko, Nanba, and Seonhee
followed in short order.
“So, you know the layout pretty well?” Nanba asked as he stretched in preparation for what came
next.
“Well, actually, this might be the first time I’ve actually been inside,” Haruka mused. “I’ve only
ever seen the entrance before.”
“Are you serious? I thought your dad was a Tojo big shot.”
“He was Fourth Chairman for all of five minutes,” Haruka explained. “Just long enough to be
sworn in, and then to swear in his successor. Really, the reason he’s so legendary in the Tojo Clan is
because of what he did in the Dojima Family, before I was born, and then what he did as a civilian
afterwards for his successors. As a result… I’ve never been inside. Nor have I had any desire…”
“Well, then I guess we better start searching,” Saeko said. “Get in, figure out if Mitsuo is here, then
get out. Thing is, the place is gonna be crawling with yakuza.”
“Huh?” Nanba asked, confused. “This building is huge, and the Seiryu could barely fill their
Yokohama complex when we last dealt with them. Are there really that many now?”
Seonhee nodded. “The Seiryu Clan took in a lot of displaced yakuza after the Great Dissolution.
Their ranks have more than tripled in the last three years. They still pale in comparison to the Tojo
Clan at their height, but their numbers aren’t anything to sneeze at. We need to be careful. The last
thing we wanna do is alert anyone and have the entirety of the Tokyo yakuza gunning for our
asses.”
Haruka laughed. “I’ve been hunted by larger yakuza organizations. This is child’s play.” She started
to walk towards the building, leaving the others behind.
“You know something… she scares me,” Nanba said to the others as they started to follow her.
“Don’t tell me you’re getting cold feet now, Nan-chan,” Saeko teased. “Come on. We’ve faced
more dangerous enemies before too.”
“I wasn’t exactly a fan of that, either,” Nanba grumbled.
Haruka slowly opened a side exit and peered inside. The immediate area was empty. “In here,” she
said, motioning for her allies to follow. They stealthily entered the building and came to a corner
into another hallway. Haruka held a hand up. “Shh. I hear someone.”
Just around the corner, a rookie yakuza approached another. “Hey, keep an eye out,” he said.
“Captain Sano says four civilians were just at the front gate, trying to get in. They were claiming to
be from the Yomei Alliance, but he wasn’t buying it. He thinks something’s up.”

“Right after Kiryu-san made collections on Yokohama Seiryu turf, huh?” the other asked. “You
think Chairman Takabe sent them?”
“Maybe,” the first one replied. “I told Ebina-san that sending them into Ijincho was a bad idea.
We’ve got a pretty good thing going here in Tokyo. Why are we trying to mess that up?”
“Well, I'm not sure about Ebina, but Sano’s got his sights set on the Chairman’s seat,” the second
yakuza explained. “Poor Kiryu, though… if Takabe figures out it was him that was operating in
Yokohama, he’s definitely losing a finger. No way he earns the money to pay for those damages.”
“Damn it,” Haruka swore under her breath. “Seonhee, what are the odds Chairman Takabe
demands reparation for—.”
"100%," Seonhee answered without even hearing the full question.
“Ngh…”
They waited until the two yakuza left the hallway, and snuck through the building. “Do we know
where we’re going?” Nanba asked.
“No idea,” Haruka replied. “We just need to search every room until we find Mitsuo, or whoever it
is that’s using Uncle Kaz’s name. He shouldn’t be hard to spot. He’ll be the only American in the
building, I’m sure.”
“Fair point…”
Haruka cracked open a door and peeked in. Several yakuza were standing around, staring at a
presentation on a projector. They appeared to be undergoing sensitivity training, which Haruka
found bizarre.
“Alright guys, so now that we’ve gone over the scenario, what do you think Yamaoka-kun
should’ve done differently?” the man leading the presentation asked. Nobody seemed to have the
answer, causing the man to sigh. “Ugh… come on, guys…”
“Um… should he have… investigated the harassment complaint instead of moving Himiko-chan to
a different soapland?”
The presenter nodded. “Yes! Exactly! Moving Himiko-chan to a different soapland doesn’t resolve
the issue, and in fact, may even be considered retaliation.”
“Aww, they’re woke now!” Saeko cooed. “…Well, as woke as a bunch of whore-mongering
gangsters can be, anyway. That’s so cute.”
“The yakuza sure is different from how it was when I was a kid…” Haruka mused.
“Huh?” the presenter said when he saw Haruka and her party peeking in.
“Eep!”
“Boys, we’ve got intruders!” he announced. The yakuza all stood up and looked at the intruders,
who were getting ready for combat.
“Aw, it’s just a bunch of chicks, boss,” one of them laughed.

“Takeshi-kun! That is not okay!” the presenter scolded. “Women are just as capable of breaking
and entering as men! And that means… if we catch them trespassing, we kill them all just the
same!”
TOKYO SEIRYU
Haruka’s party faced down no less than eight Seiryu Clan members, though with the exception of
the presenter they all appeared to be new blood who were exceptionally weak. Seonhee moved
first, pulling an electrified whip out of seemingly nowhere and whipping it across the room,
electrocuting several of the yakuza.
“Okay, this is getting a little ridiculous,” Haruka said. “Where did you even get that? You don’t
even have any pockets.”
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” Seonhee laughed, winking at her. “You gotta learn to work with
more than just your fists if you wanna get ahead in Ijincho.”
“More than just my fists, huh…?” Haruka looked over at the corner of the room and saw a potential
weapon laying against the wall. A brand-new Ryoma Iron golf club sat against the wall. She picked
it up and examined it. The titanium-alloy Spring Face—the world’s first of its kind—would allow
her to send enemies farther than ever before, regardless of the center of impact. The low yet deep
center of gravity on the head was capable of imparting substantial force, and the revolutionary DSI
technology would allow her to send enemies sky high.
She gasped. “I’ve got it!” she exclaimed. She was having a REVELATION.
She had never been golfing before. She had only seen Uncle Kaz do it. Nonetheless, she saw it
enough that she was pretty sure she could figure it out. She imagined herself wearing a red polo and
a white skirt with a white baseball cap which contained the kanji symbol for “dragon” on it as she
posed with the iron, smirking. “Let’s tee off!” she exclaimed. She was a Hot Shot Golfer.
“Wow, you’re really into this whole thing, now, huh?” Saeko asked.
“Gotta have a little fun with it.”
“Now that’s what we like to hear,” Nanba laughed. “So then, o Hero of Okinawa… make your first
move.”
“Gladly,” Haruka responded as she threw a golf ball into the air. Then, she shouted “FORE!” and
hit the ball as hard as she could with her club, sending it flying inhumanly fast at her opponents. It
hit one in the face, knocking him down, then, disobeying all known laws of physics, kept going,
and knocked down his friend, who stood right behind him. Both were stunned by the attack.
“Nice one!” Saeko complimented. “Mm, actually, you sliced a bit on your swing. It could’ve been
straighter.”
“For a first try, I think it was good,” Haruka laughed.
“For a first try.”
“You’re the worst.”

“Yeah, I am.” Saeko then glared at the presenter yakuza and ran at him with a raised fist. “Yah!”
she yelled out as she swung at him, clocking him across the face; at the same time, Haruka jumped
over her back and swung her golf club at the same man, dealing extra damage on top of what Saeko
had already done and sending him crashing backwards into several of his subordinates. Nanba
followed this up by running up to him with his umbrella and smashing it as hard as he could on his
already bruised body, knocking him out.
One of the other yakuza glared at Haruka and cursed her out, attempting to frighten her.
Fortunately, her history dealing with yakuza threats made her somewhat resistant to their scare
tactics, so it completely fell flat. “Uh… okay?” she said to him, confused.
Meanwhile, Saeko was attacked by one of them with a switchblade, but she was able to guard the
attack. All things considered, the four of them were doing pretty well, and in no time at all, all of
the yakuza were on the ground. Haruka grabbed the presenter by the collar and got up close and
personal. “Kiryu-san. Where is he?” she asked.
“Do you think I know every new yakuza that comes through here?” he asked. “We get dozens every
month!”
“Then where’s the captain’s office?”
The man noticed the dragon tattoo on her wrist and started to sweat. “Oh, shit… Did the main
family send you?”
Haruka narrowed her eyes. “Why is everyone here so on edge about the main family showing up?
Are you all doing something you shouldn’t be?”
“I- I really shouldn’t say anything, but… I really want no part in it!”
“No part in what?” Seonhee asked.
“Well… there’s… a faction in the Tokyo branch that wants Chairman Takabe out of the picture.
The captain doesn’t know anything about it.”
“So there are traitors in the Seiryu Clan after all…” Seonhee hummed. “And this Kiryu-san is
either one of them, or he’s being strung along by them.”
“I guess. P-please don’t blame the captain, he really has no idea… He just wants what’s best for all
the yakuza that got left out to dry after the Great Dissolution.”
Haruka nodded. “Where’s his office? Maybe we can help.”
“I think he’s in the old meeting room. Upstairs, on the left.”
“Thank you,” she said as she helped him up.
“We- we never had this conversation, is that clear?” he said.
“Perfectly clear,” Haruka assured him. She looked at her companions. “Come on. Let’s go.” They
left the room as all of the other yakuza started to get up and dust themselves off.
One of them, in particular, smirked as he watched them leave. “Heh. Impressive,” he chuckled. He
was tall and muscular, and he had cropped black hair, a chinstrap beard, and a scar over his left

eyebrow. “Not every day you see four civilians storming a yakuza hideout… Tak’s gonna love
this.”
Haruka & party fought their way up the stairs, arriving at the old Tojo Chairman’s office. Haruka
grabbed the handle, but a yakuza put a hand on her shoulder.
“You’ve gotten far enough,” he threatened as he moved to smack her with his backhand. She
caught his wrist and glared at him.
“I’m not in the mood for this. Back off.”
“Tch! Bitch!” he yelled as he tore his hand away from hers. Several more yakuza arrived to back
him up. “Alright, boys, take them out!”
***
Inside the other room, a young, dark-skinned American-Japanese man sat in one of the many seats
that lined the room, the rest of which were filled with other Tokyo Seiryu yakuza. He was
incredibly nervous, and couldn’t stop fidgeting. In the chair at the head of the room, where the Tojo
Clan chairman would ordinarily sit, was an average-height yakuza with medium-length black hair,
wearing a black suit with a blue tie.
“Um…” the American muttered. “Ebina-aniki… is the captain okay with you sitting there?”
“Do you have an issue with it, Kiryu-san?”
“N-no! Not at all! I just don’t want you in any trouble, that’s all.”
“Don’t you worry yourself about that,” Ebina replied. “What Captain Sano doesn’t know won’t
hurt him.”
Masataka Ebina
Lieutenant Advisor of the Seiryu Clan Tokyo Branch
“Now then… Kiryu-san… how did your little operation go?”
“Uh, sir!” The American stood up and bowed. “My crew and I discovered some yakuza from
another clan operating in Ijincho. Don’t worry, we took care of it. The parent family will be grateful
for our service.”
“You think the parent family will be grateful that we were starting fights on their turf?”
“U-uh… I…”
“You didn’t tell anyone else about this… did you?”
“N-no sir! We kept the patrol a secret, just as you requested. Only those of us in this room know
about it.”
One of the other yakuza laughed. “Hah! Smart kid, for a black boy.”
The others laughed as well, although Ebina did not. The American man laughed nervously.

“Haha, uh… y-yeah…” he sighed.
Ebina cleared his throat. “If you’re all done debasing yourselves for a cheap laugh, we need to
discuss—.”
Suddenly, the door smashed open and a Seiryu yakuza flew through it and landed on the ground,
unconscious. Standing just in the doorway was Haruka and her party, and just behind them were the
unconscious bodies of several other Seiryu Clan members. The yakuza in the meeting room all
stood up, ready for a fight.
Then, the American gasped. “Huh? H-Haruka?!”
Haruka’s glare turned into a disappointed and worried look. “Mitsuo…” she muttered. “I had hoped
the rumors weren’t true…”
Mitsuo felt ashamed. He didn’t want his family to see him like this, in this sort of setting. “What
are you doing here?” he asked, refusing to make eye contact with her.
“I heard somebody matching your description was working for the yakuza,” Haruka explained.
“Naturally, I thought it couldn’t be true. I thought you were smarter than this. Mitsuo… just what
the hell has gotten into you?! If the Wyverns learn about this—!”
Mitsuo sighed. “The Wyverns won’t care because I’m not in the Wyverns.”
“Huh?”
“Thing is… I was kicked off the team during training. I’m not good enough, they said.”
Haruka gasped. “Oh… Mitsuo…”
“But I have a responsibility,” Mitsuo continued. “I made a promise to the kids at Morning Glory
that they wouldn’t ever have to worry about money. I had heard that… that the Seiryu Clan was a
safe haven for former yakuza, and those raised by yakuza, and that I wouldn’t have to do anything
too illegal, so… I joined up. It’s all for Morning Glory.”
“Ngh…” Haruka grunted, conflicted. “Mitsuo… taking care of the orphanage isn’t your
responsibility. It’s mine. I know that I pushed some of the financial worry onto you, by counting on
your earnings from the Wyverns. That was wrong of me. And for that, I'm sorry. But I have a
backup plan. Let me worry about money. You just… huh?" she asked as Saeko put a hand on her
shoulder.
"Maybe I can help," Saeko said. She stepped forward to speak. "Mitsuo... hi, first of all, name's
Saeko, I'm a friend of Haruka's," she introduced. "Second of all... I know it feels like you've hit
rock bottom. Believe me, I know that feeling. And I know that it probably feels like your dreams
were shattered before they even really got off the ground. But you have to trust me when I say that
the bottom isn't the end. A... very close friend of mine knows all about that. Crawling out of that pit
is hard... but it's not impossible. He did it. As long as you can see light ahead, the darkness isn't
inescapable. I mean... who cares if you didn't make the team? You can train harder, try again next
year. But they're definitely not gonna want you if you've sworn yourself to these assholes. Don’t
throw your life away in the yakuza. That’s not what your Uncle Kaz would’ve wanted.”

“It doesn’t matter what his ‘Uncle Kaz’ would’ve wanted,” Ebina suddenly chimed in. “Thing is…
Kiryu-san here swore fealty to the Seiryu Clan. You’re not his family anymore,” he said
threateningly. “The Seiryu Clan is the only family he has now.”
“Who’s this old-fashioned asshole?” Saeko scoffed.
“Masataka Ebina. It’s a pleasure to meet you,” he introduced himself, bowing. “Now… I’m afraid I
have to ask you to leave. You’re trespassing on private property.”
“We’re not leaving without Mitsuo,” Haruka said firmly. “Come on, Mitsuo, we’re going home.”
“No…” Mitsuo muttered.
“What?”
“No!” Mitsuo exclaimed. “You think the Wyverns really just kicked me off because I’m ‘not good
enough’? I was already on the team! No… they just learned about who raised me. It’s gonna be the
same story no matter where I go.”
“But it’s not,” Seonhee interjected. “As we get further removed from the age of the Tojo Clan, who
raised you is gonna matter less and less. What is gonna matter, though, is the fact that as soon as the
going got tough, you signed on with these pricks.”
“Don’t do this, Mitsuo,” Haruka pleaded.
“M-my mind is made up,” Mitsuo said, although he clearly was not very sure of himself. “If people
hate me because of who my father was, then so be it. I’ll do anything to support Morning Glory.
Now then… my aniki asked you all to leave. Don’t make me make you leave.”
“You don't have what it takes," Seonhee taunted.
“Hmph. Maybe he doesn’t,” Ebina scoffed. “Kiryu-san… care to prove them wrong?” he asked,
handing Mitsuo a baseball bat.
“I'll do what I need to,” Mitsuo said darkly. “Last warning, Haruka. Stand down.”
Haruka glared at Mitsuo. “You know me well enough to know I’m not going to do that.”
“Haruka?” Saeko said, getting ready for a fight. “Are we really doing this?”
“I think so,” Haruka said, her tone low and her heart breaking. "Mitsuo... If you really think you
have what it takes to survive the yakuza, then surely, making us leave will be no problem for you. I,
and everyone else at Morning Glory, will love you no matter what you do... But I don't think this is
something you actually want to do. Care to prove us wrong?"
"Ngh... H-Haruka... Please, just leave," Mitsuo pled.
"You're going to have to make us. We're not leaving on our own. Your new friends could take care
of us, easily, but your superiors will call you weak if you don't do it yourself. The yakuza doesn't
treat those they view as weak very kindly. So If you think you have what it takes... then step up!"

Chapter 9: For Their Sake
MITSUO KIRYU
Of the Tokyo Seiryu
Haruka, Saeko, Seonhee, and Nanba faced off against Mitsuo and three other Seiryu yakuza. Ebina
and the rest of the yakuza in the room stood back and watched. Mitsuo made the first move,
holding his bat in the air and getting ready to run the bases, psyching himself up enough that he
could now move much faster… or twice every turn, to those who saw the world like Ichiban did.
He used the extra speed to move a second time, twirling his bat in anticipation and swinging, hard,
at Saeko, knocking her down.
“Agh!” Saeko groaned as she stood back up. “Hey, that’s one of Ichiban’s moves!”
“Only so many ways you can swing a bat…” Nanba pointed out.
“Still… Get an original style, you hack!”
Haruka moved next, performing a simple three-hit combo with her golf club on one of the yakuza
at Mitsuo’s side. This did very little damage, however, as he was guarding.
“Gonna wanna grapple those guys, next time…” Saeko sighed. “Watch and learn.” She approached
the same yakuza Haruka had just attacked and grabbed him, then pulled a powderpuff out of her
bag and pressed it into his face, doing much more damage. “If they’re blocking, grabbing them is
really the only way to deal with them,” Saeko explained.
“Noted.”
“My turn,” Nanba said. He approached Mitsuo and two other yakuza and got in their faces, letting a
malodorous stench escape from his gingivitis-infested mouth. Disgusted, Mitsuo and company
were thrown off their game, lowering their attack and defense substantially, which Seonhee took
advantage of by kicking Mitsuo in the chest, sending him backwards.
“Ngh!” he groaned.
“I’ll take care of her,” one of the yakuza said. He approached Seonhee and made several lewd
comments at her, enraging her and causing her to focus all of her attention on that one yakuza.
“Hope you can swim with cement shoes!” she threatened.
Another yakuza approached Haruka with a knife and stabbed her in the shoulder. Haruka groaned
in pain, then kicked him off of her. The cut wasn’t too deep, however, so she fortunately wasn’t
bleeding much. Haruka responded by doing something she’d seen in an American movie once,
getting a running start and then swinging her golf club at the yakuza like a hockey stick, knocking
him out.
Mitsuo moved again, this time running at Nanba with his bat and swinging upwards, smashing him
across the chin and sending him flying. He then tossed a baseball into the air and swung, hitting the
ball across the room at Saeko.

“Ow!” Saeko groaned.
“Anyone else noticing that he’s only hitting us?” Nanba said.
“Oh, yeah!” Saeko replied. “He’s avoiding hitting Haruka. Maybe we can use that to our advantage.
Haruka, try getting between us. Then you can get a good hit in on him while he’s running at us.”
“Hmm…” Haruka did as she instructed and positioned herself between Mitsuo and the others such
that he would be forced to pass her if he went at anyone else. She then turned to her allies and gave
them a cute smile. “You can count on me!” she assured them, inspiring them and raising their
attack. Nanba followed up by scattering birdseed across the room and raising his umbrella,
directing a flock of pigeons to enter through an open window and attack his adversaries, knocking
out one more yakuza, leaving only Mitsuo and the yakuza that Seonhee was not currently pleased
with.
Saeko, not wanting to move from her position in an effort to lure Mitsuo, decided to simply guard
and prepare for the next attack. Seonhee was too enraged to think rationally and ran at the yakuza
that had made those awful comments at her, punching him to knock him down and then spin
kicking him across the floor, knocking him out. This caused her to immediately calm down. “Much
better,” she sighed, a confident smile growing on her face.
Just as predicted, Mitsuo ignored Haruka entirely and ran at Saeko. As he ran past her, Haruka took
an opportunity attack and swung at Mitsuo with her club, sending him backwards into Seonhee,
who then kicked him across the face, sending him to the floor. Nanba then finished him off with a
smack with his umbrella, bringing the fight to an end.
Haruka approached her brother and sighed as she watched Mitsuo struggle to get back up.
“Here…” she said, holding a hand out.
“Don’t look at me,” Mitsuo said, ashamed. “I’m a fucking disgrace.”
“No, you’re not,” Haruka chuckled. “You’re just making a lot of dumb decisions right now. Get
up.”
Mitsuo looked up at her. She had a warm smile on her face. He looked back down at the floor.
“Does anyone else at the orphanage know I’m here? Does… does Riona know?”
Haruka shook her head. “I wasn’t planning on telling anyone.”
“You should… they deserve to know where I really went.”
“If you want, you can tell them yourself, when we get back,” Haruka replied. “But I’m not going to
make you say anything. If you want, we can pretend this didn’t happen.”
“That’s not going to fly,” Ebina cut in, approaching them. “It’s like I said. Kiryu-san here swore his
loyalty to us. You can’t just leave the yakuza because you can’t stand the heat.”
“Try and stop us,” Haruka said, scowling. “But I’m warning you right now… I will take on
everyone in this compound to protect my family.”
Ebina stared at her, thinking. “You’ve got guts, kid,” he said, impressed. “What’s your name?”
“I don’t have to tell you anything.”

“Now what on earth is a civilian doing in our palace?” a man said smugly from behind them. It was
the tallest of the yakuza Haruka and company had fought in the presentation room. “Ebina-san, do
you want me to escort them out?”
“At once,” Ebina said.
“Cool. Hey, hope you don’t mind, but I let the captain know what was going on in here.”
“What?”
An older, heavy set man in a suit entered the room, a bored look on his face. He had thinning gray
hair, combed backward, and a white goatee, and used a cane to get around. “Ebina! Explain the
meaning of this at once!” he demanded.
Hachiro Sano
Captain of the Seiryu Clan Tokyo Branch
“C-Captain Sano…” Ebina stammered. He bowed. “Sir, I was just dealing with these intruders.”
“Really?” Sano said. “Because it seems to me like you let them whoop your boys’ asses.”
“Yes, it turns out our new recruits are next to useless.”
“Is that why you sent them to make collections on the main family’s turf?”
“Ah… that…”
“It was my fault, Captain Sano,” Mitsuo suddenly chimed in, standing up.
Haruka’s eyes widened. “Huh? Mitsuo—!”
“I… I wanted to prove myself, since I’m one of the newest in the organization. So I… took a crew
myself and tried to make moves in Ijincho. Please forgive me, Captain Sano. I did not intend to
cause strife within the Seiryu Clan.”
Sano stared at him for a while, almost as if he was trying to figure out what to make of him.
“Kiryu, right?”
Mitsuo bowed. “At your service, sir.”
“You wouldn’t happen to be related to Kazuma Kiryu of the Tojo Clan, would you?”
“Not by blood sir, but he did raise me. He’s the closest thing to a father I ever had.”
Sano looked out at the others. “Ebina… it seems you have a troublemaker in your ranks. You
oughta get your people in line.”
Ebina smiled and nodded. “At once, sir.” He motioned to one of his flunkeys, who nodded and left
the room. “Did Kazuma Kiryu ever teach you how yakuza atone, Kiryu-san?” Ebina asked, a grin
creeping up his face.
Mitsuo gasped and started sweating. “Uh… I…”

“Oh, you dick,” Saeko said as she glared at Ebina.
The yakuza came back with a small wooden board, a cloth, and a tanto, then placed the set on the
floor in front of Mitsuo. He looked up at Ebina, who chuckled.
“Get on with it,” Ebina said, his tone low. “I don’t have all day, and we need to get that pinkie to
Chairman Takabe pronto.”
Mitsuo started sweating harder. His throat felt like it was closing up. Slowly, he sat down in front of
the board. He waited for somebody to stop him.
“Wait—!” Saeko started, but Haruka held a hand in front of her. “Huh?”
“It’s okay,” Haruka said softly, her expression unreadable.
“The hell’s gotten into you?!” Saeko protested. “Have you gone insane?! This is going to fuck him
over for the rest of his life!”
Mitsuo swallowed the lump in his throat and laid his pinkie on the board. Picking up the knife, he
placed it over the furthest joint from his knuckle. His heart rate increased. He started
hyperventilating. It felt like time had slowed down.
“Although…” Haruka said as she lowered her hand, “…is one joint really gonna be enough for
Chairman Takabe?”
Saeko raised an eyebrow. “What?”
“Good point,” Ebina said. “Make it the whole finger.”
“No, I meant… What Mitsuo did basically amounted to treason,” she explained. “And he did it
while under your watch. Chairman Takabe’s going to want to come down on the whole branch…
specifically, his immediate superior,” she said, nodding to Ebina, “and his captain,” this time she
nodded to Sano. “Now, if I were Takabe-san, I’d want assurances that your branch won’t be a
headache going forward. After all, in the yakuza, it is the leader who often pays for the mistakes of
his soldiers. Am I correct?”
Sano thought about this. “Hmm…”
“Now, correct me if I’m wrong… but a finger would be the minimum punishment,” Haruka
continued. “It’s also a temporary appeasement. It doesn’t resolve the fact that Takabe-san would
still have a traitor in his clan, reporting directly to you. If I were the chairman… That’d make me
real nervous.”
The tall yakuza raised his scarred eyebrow and smirked. Clever girl, he thought. This was starting
to sound familiar.
“You need to stay out of this,” Ebina threatened Haruka.
“She’s right,” Sano said.
“Boss, don’t—!”
“Kiryu… you’re expelled.”

Nanba, Saeko, and Seonhee all smiled. They realized now what game Haruka was playing.
“Huh… uh… okay,” Mitsuo said, nodding. Just gotta do this one thing, and then I can go home…
he thought as he turned his attention back to the yubitsume ritual, before Haruka grabbed his knifewielding hand.
“What are you doing?” Haruka asked, smiling. “You’re not a yakuza anymore. The captain said so
himself. You don’t have to follow that jackass’s orders,” she said as she gestured to Ebina.
“Huh?” Mitsuo looked up at Sano, who sighed.
“Get out of my sight, kid…”
“Uh… y-yes sir!” he said as he dropped the tanto, stood up, and bowed. “Thank you! Thank you so
much, sir!” He was crying.
“You know…” Seonhee said to Sano. “I don’t know if even that will be enough. You might wanna
destroy any evidence that he was ever under your employ. Otherwise… something might leak to
Takabe. Capiche?”
“I take it you’re from Geomijul?”
Seonhee smiled sweetly at him. “I see my reputation precedes me.”
“I’ll see to it that nothing left of his short tenure remains.”
“Aww, you’re such a nice guy.”
Haruka put a hand on Mitsuo’s shoulder. “Come on,” she said. “Let’s go.” She picked up the tanto
and handed it to Ebina, smirking. “This is yours, I believe.”
“You should keep your nose out of yakuza business,” he grumbled.
“I’m a nosy girl,” Haruka chuckled. “But for your sake, I suppose I should. You don’t scare me,
Ebina-san. And a yakuza who isn’t feared, well… are they worth anything to their organization?”
“Ngh…” Ebina glared at Haruka, then looked down at the tanto in his hand. Offing a civilian right
here, though tempting, would give the police the excuse they needed to raid the spot and shut down
all of his plans before they could even get off the ground... Then, out of thin air, a new plan entered
his mind. He smirked as Haruka walked away from him.
The party was stopped by Sano. “You there. Girl. What is your name?” he asked.
“I’m not comfortable giving you my name,” Haruka replied.
“That’s fair, I suppose. Although… if he was raised by Kazuma Kiryu… and you’re his family…
then that must mean you were, too. That would make you… Haruka Sawamura. Am I correct?”
Haruka didn’t answer. “I had heard stories about your bravery in the face of adversity,” he
continued. “But let me give you a bit of friendly advice. That kind of bravery will get you killed,
one day.”
“Then I’ll die for what I believe in,” Haruka replied without hesitation. “I’ll die for what’s right.”

“Hah! You know something, if you were a man, you actually would’ve made a pretty good
yakuza,” Sano laughed. “I wish my boys had your energy. Maybe the Seiryu Clan wouldn’t be such
a mess right now.”
“You seem like a respectable man, Sano-san,” Haruka said cautiously. “But I’m not here to listen to
praise from the yakuza. I’m here for Mitsuo, and nothing else. So if you’ll excuse us, we’ll be
leaving now.”
“Kazuma Kiryu’s death blindsided you all and left your family in a bind,” Sano called out as she
walked away. Haruka stopped, briefly taking the bait. “It’d be a shame if you repeated his mistakes.
For your sake, it would be best if you did not get involved in Seiryu Clan business again.”
“I wasn’t planning on it,” Haruka said softly. She turned back around to face Sano, so he could see
the glare she now wore on her face. “But if the Seiryu Clan, or any other criminal organization,
comes near Mitsuo, or any of my other family members again, I will fight until my dying breath to
put your entire organization under. You really do not want to learn what a mother who feels her
children are in danger is capable of, Sano-san. I think you’d find it unpleasant.”
“I assure you, my words were not a threat,” Sano countered. “They were a warning.”
“So were mine.”
With that, Haruka and her party turned and left, Mitsuo in tow.
“Hmph… tough girl,” the tall yakuza muttered under his breath. “This case just got a whole lot
more interesting.”
***
The gates closed behind the party as they exited the compound. Mitsuo was still shaking from
everything, and to make matters worse, Haruka hadn’t said a word to him the entire walk out.
“Um… Haruka…”
“Yeah?”
“Are you mad at me?”
Haruka chuckled. “Furious.”
Mitsuo’s face fell. “I see…”
“But more than that, I’m just happy you’re safe.”
“Huh?”
Haruka was smiling, but he could tell she was about to cry. “If I had lost another member of my
family to the yakuza… I’m not sure what I would’ve done with myself. Or to them, for that
matter.”
“Well, no sense dwelling on it now,” Nanba said. “Let’s get back to Ijincho.”
Haruka shook her head. “I’m taking Mitsuo to the airport, first. He’s getting on the first flight back
to Okinawa.”

“Are you… going with him?” Saeko asked.
“I’m waiting one more day for Kasuga,” Haruka explained. “But if he’s not back by evening, yes,
I’ll be leaving Ijincho. I think… coming out here was a mistake. I have a lot of problems back
home that need to be dealt with.”
“Well, if you’re sure…” Saeko seemed sort of bummed out about the whole thing.
Nanba chuckled. “Hmph. Well hey, if it’s your last day in Ijincho, might as well make it count,
yeah? We’ll come with you to drop Mitsuo-san off, and then we’ll accompany you wherever you
wanna go, whatever you wanna see in Yokohama, until it’s time for you to go.”
Haruka smiled at them and nodded. “Okay.”
***
The airport was the first stop, but after getting Mitsuo on his plane, Haruka had a couple of more
stops she wanted to make in Tokyo, first. To start, she took the group to a graveyard just outside of
the city to pay respects to someone she hadn’t visited in a long time.
Sawamura Yumi
1971 - 2005
Haruka finished her prayer and stood up from the grave as the incense she placed burnt itself out.
“This was your mom?” Saeko asked, to which Haruka nodded.
“Mm. She grew up at Sunflower, with Uncle Kaz and…” she trailed off as she glanced at another
grave nearby.
Nishikiyama Akira
1968 - 2005
Haruka frowned. “That’s strange…”
“Hm?”
“These graves… They’ve been polished recently.” She looked at another grave, also recently
polished.
Kazama Shintaro
1945 - 2005
“Kazama-san’s, too,” Haruka observed.
“Huh? Why is that strange?” Nanba asked.
“Well… To be blunt, everyone these people knew is dead,” Haruka explained. “When he was alive,
Uncle Kaz was the only one maintaining these graves. So… who took over after he died?”

“It’s a mystery, I suppose,” Seonhee said. “Geomijul’s surveillance network doesn’t extend out of
Ijincho, so I can’t really be of much help there.”
“Does it not?” Saeko asked. “Because… there’s a camera here.”
Haruka’s eyes widened. “Huh?!” She directed her attention to a tree Saeko pointed at. Sure enough,
there was a small camera perched inside it, pointed directly at the graves of Yumi, Nishiki, and
Kazama. “Yeah, there it is!”
“It’s not one of mine,” Seonhee said, shrugging. “Might be a government thing. This is a known
yakuza burial site after all, and the Kamurocho 3K plan meant Tokyo PD was keeping eyes on all
of their hangout spots. Presumably, that includes graveyards.”
“That’s a bit disrespectful,” Saeko said, crossing her arms.
“Hey, no disagreement here. Seiryu Cemetery is one of the only spots in Ijincho that Geomijul isn’t
monitoring.”
Haruka narrowed her eyes at the camera, then looked back at the graves behind her. “Hmm… from
that angle… It would only see these graves.”
“Is there any reason to look at the others?”
“Sure,” Haruka said, nodding. “If they’re monitoring yakuza hangouts, the Tojo Clan’s fifth
chairman is over there. Shinji Tanaka of the Nishikiyama Family is here as well, somewhere. I’m
sure there are others. But they only seem to be monitoring these three graves… as if somebody’s
trying to keep tabs on a person who’d be visiting these three, specifically.”
“Like who, besides you?” Saeko asked.
Haruka thought of the possibilities. Besides her, there’s only one person she knew who’d have
come here and been worth keeping tabs on. Maybe… No, she thought. That’s stupid. She shook her
head. “Forget it. Let’s go.”
“Y’know, if you were curious about police surveillance,” an older male voice said from nearby, “ya
probably should ask somebody who would know a thing or two about it.”
Haruka looked up. “Huh?” Approaching her was a man in his late fifties, with a tall face, sunken
cheekbones, and slicked back black hair. He wore a brown trench coat over his white dress shirt
and gray slacks, and though he looked grumpy, he smiled warmly at Haruka.
“Who’d have thought I’d find you hanging around here, after all these years?” he asked her.
“Ah!” Haruka gasped, smiling. “Date-san!”
The man laughed. “Haruka. It’s been too long.”
Makoto Date, of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department. He was the detective who took on the
Sohei Dojima murder case in 1995. His prime suspect was none other than Kazuma Kiryu, who
confessed to the crime himself. Date never believed he could truly be the killer, of course, but with
no other suspects and no evidence to the contrary, Kiryu was convicted. Despite that, upon Kiryu’s
release ten years later, Date would become one of his closest allies, and now, in 2022, he was one
of the only men from Kiryu’s former yakuza life that Haruka kept in contact with.

“If you’re curious about the camera, your pink-haired friend is right,” Date explained. “It was
installed as part of the Kamurocho 3K Plan. They’re tracking former yakuza who come to visit
these graves.”
“But only these three?” Haruka asked.
“Uh… well, every camera has its blind spots, I suppose…”
Saeko narrowed her eyes at Date. “Have we met?”
Date raised an eyebrow at her. “Hmm? Oh, yeah,” he chuckled. “I suppose we have. I was an old
police buddy of your friend Adachi-san’s. I let you and Ichiban Kasuga stay at my safe house in
New Serena back in 2019. So you must be… Saeko Mukoda.” He looked at Nanba. “And you’re
Yu Nanba, right? Man… Who’d have thought I’d meet you again palling around with none other
than Haruka Sawamura?”
“Small world, I guess.”
“The name’s Makoto Date. Tokyo PD. I was a friend of her father’s, before he passed.”
“That so…” Saeko replied. “A cop and a yakuza being all buddy-buddy like that? Seems a bit farfetched.”
“Well, it’s a bit of a long story, but since she seems to have told you who Kiryu was, I think you
probably already know he was no ordinary yakuza,” Date said, chuckling. “Anyway, I just came to
pay my respects to Kazama-san over here.”
“Really?” Saeko asked. “So that means you’re the one that’s been polishing these graves?”
Date seemed confused. “Huh? What’re you talking about?”
“Well, it seems that somebody’s been coming by and polishing the graves of Kazuma Kiryu’s loved
ones. But, if that wasn’t your doing, then…”
“O-oh! Right!” Date suddenly cut her off, chuckling nervously. “Yeah, that uh… that was me,” he
said. “It, uh… seemed like something Kiryu would’ve wanted me to do, so I… stop by here when I
get the chance.”
“Mmhmm…”
“How’s Haruto?” Date asked Haruka, changing the subject.
“He’s doing well,” Haruka said, smiling. “As I’m sure you may have heard, Yuta-kun passed away
last year, so… it’s been tough, but I’m pushing forward, just like I did after we lost Uncle Kaz.
Actually, that’s why I’m back in Kanto. I’m trying to get funding for the orphanage since we’ve
lost Yuta’s income.”
“Wasn’t he working for Daigo Dojima’s private security company for ex-yakuza?” Date asked.
“They didn’t cover bereavement?”
“They did, actually, for a bit, but the company closed up shop not long after Yuta passed,” Haruka
explained. “Nobody’s even seen Daigo-san since then. Saejima-san and Majima-san either.”

“Ah, gee, that’s too bad… I’m sorry. Say, why don’t I treat you and your friends to a drink?” Date
offered. “Stop by New Serena and we can catch up.”
“I’d love that. Do you guys mind?”
“Free booze?” Nanba laughed. “How can I refuse?”
“Wait, but isn’t that in Kamurocho?” Saeko asked. “Nan-chan, you were just saying there’s no
reason to ever go back there.”
“Yeah, but now I’m getting free drinks out of it.”
“Ugh…” Saeko sighed as she shook her head. She looked over at Haruka.
She was staring at the camera in the tree again, intently. The look on her face seemed as though she
was putting a puzzle together. She didn’t have enough pieces to finish it, yet, but if her thoughts
were moving in the same direction as Saeko’s, then she was probably close to seeing the big
picture. And this Makoto Date… clearly he held some of the pieces Haruka was missing. He had
to, if he was willing to lie about polishing the grave stones, when he could’ve just said he didn’t
know who was doing it.
And as for Saeko, well, the secrets she was holding onto were becoming too much to bare.
***
Captain Sano stood at the window in his new office at the Seiryu Clan Tokyo Branch headquarters.
From here, he had a magnificent view of the palace grounds, Mt. Fuji, and the Shinjuku skyline,
which lit up the night sky. Just four years ago, it was inconceivable, the idea that the Seiryu Clan
would ever expand outside of Ijincho, but here he was, captain of its Tokyo branch. Soon, they
would move on Shinjuku, more specifically its red light district of Kamurocho, in large numbers,
and reestablish the order that was shattered when the Tojo Clan left Tokyo.
But tonight, he was content admiring the skyline.
Sano was an ambitious man, but he was also a pragmatic man. The Seiryu Clan had grown, but had
they grown large enough to effectively wrest control of the city from the street gangs that ravaged
it? He thought not. They certainly couldn’t do so as a divided clan, and divided they certainly
would be if that arrogant jackass Ebina had his way. If it weren’t for that idiot Mitsuo Kiryu taking
the heat for the intrusion on the Yokohama Seiryu’s turf, Ebina would already be on his way out
and there would be nothing threatening Sano’s vision—a vision he shared with the chairman.
Sano heard his door open. “Eh?” he grunted as he turned to face it. “I’m busy. Who’s disturbing me
at this hour—?” He didn’t get a chance to see who had entered before he felt a tanto drive itself
straight into his gut. “Urk!” he groaned in pain as the intruder sliced him open, blood spraying onto
his desk and covering much of his daily paperwork, money, even a photo of his loved ones. The
intruder then withdrew the blade from his gut and kicked him, sending him crashing out of the
window and landing on the pavement below.
He died on impact, and his corpse laid there in a slowly growing pool of its own blood. It was a
violent and abrupt end for the last of the honorable yakuza, and the beginning of the end for the
Seiryu Clan.

Chapter 10: Serena VII.5
It was late afternoon when Haruka and her party arrived at New Serena. It was exactly as she
remembered it. It was small. It was humble. But it was the classiest joint in all of Kamurocho. In its
original incarnation, it also happened to be the bar where her birth mother worked as a hostess in
the 90s, and she understood why Yumi would choose this place, of all the other clubs and bars in
Kamurocho. It sort of reminded her of Snack Kiyomi, back in Onomichi, where she herself had
done some hostess work.
This in mind, she wondered how much like Yumi she really was, and if Yumi would be proud of the
woman she grew into. Probably not, she thought. With how much of a slow-moving train wreck her
life since 2016 was turning out to be, she thought that Yumi, and perhaps even Uncle Kaz, would
be critical of the choices she’d made thus far.
Her train of thought was interrupted by her companions. “Wow, this place has got some real class,”
Seonhee complimented as she sat down at the bar. “I should come out here more often.”
“You definitely should,” Date said as he got behind the bar and started gathering bottles. “We don’t
get much business these days.”
“Wait, are you going to bartend, Date-san?” Saeko asked. “I thought you were a cop.”
“What, a cop can’t moonlight as a mixologist?” Date joked. He started mixing drinks together. “My
wife is the mama. I help her run the place when I'm not on the beat.”
“How is she, by the way?” Haruka asked.
“Oh, she’s doing great. She’s, uh… hassling me about the future, if you know what I mean,” he
explained.
“She wants children?”
“On the money. But… I dunno. I’m 58, now. I’ve got grandkids. I don’t know if I can do
fatherhood again.” He placed drinks in front of each of them. “Especially since I wasn’t such a
great dad to Saya.” Saya was Date’s daughter. Haruka couldn’t remember if she had met her before
or not. But Kiryu had helped her out of a bind once before, although she never learned many of the
details.
“But…” Date continued, “…there’s this other part of me that wants to try and get things right this
time.”
Haruka smiled at him. “Well, I think you’d be a great dad.”
“You think so? I dunno… And I’m not sure how Saya would feel about it either. She just turned 33.
Imagine having a new brother or sister at that age. Ah, but I don’t wanna bore you with all of this.
Try and relax, okay?”
Haruka nodded and started drinking what Date had given her. She giggled. “Uncle Kaz would kill
you if he knew you were giving me alcohol.”

“You’re a woman now!” Date defended. “How old are you? 26? Time really flies… I still
remember when you were this tall,” he said, holding his hand at waist height.
“Do you? Because if I remember correctly, you kept losing me whenever Uncle Kaz put you in
charge,” she laughed.
“Uh! Hey now, that’s a low blow!” Date protested. “And it only happened twice!”
“Three times,” Haruka corrected.
“Now who keeps track of a thing like that?!”
“You lost her?” Saeko asked, raising an eyebrow. “What, did she wander off?”
“Uh… she got kidnapped by the yakuza… a few times.”
Nanba nearly spat out his drink. “Uh… what?!”
“Goddamn, have I told you that you had one seriously messed up childhood?” Saeko said to
Haruka.
Haruka chuckled. “Believe me, I am wellll aware,” she said as she took another sip from her drink.
The evening wore on, and some had more to drink. Haruka capped herself off at two. Date, on the
other hand, was passed out in one of the booths. Nanba was passed out at the bar. Saeko and
Seonhee had stepped out back so Saeko could smoke a cigarette.
Haruka, meanwhile, was sitting at another booth, speaking on video call with Ayako. “Huh?
Mitsuo’s coming back home?” she questioned.
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. I promised that he didn’t have to tell you why if he didn’t want to, but I
think he wants to, so… you’ll probably be hearing that story soon. Brace yourself. It’s not a fun
story. He’s okay, he’s not hurt or anything, it’s just… he was in a scary situation. He’s also…
worried, that people back home will think less of him when they learn what happened.”
“I don’t know why he’d think that,” Ayako said. “We’re family. We’ll support each other no matter
what. Heh… one of us could be on trial, and all the others would be there to back them up, no
matter the verdict.”
Haruka smiled. “I’m glad to hear that.”
“But… Why are you coming back? You’re still looking for Kasuga, aren’t you?”
“Tell me, was Akira better at school today?” Ayako didn’t answer, causing Haruka to sigh. “I left a
home with a lot of problems to chase after some stupid money. I need to be there for my family,
especially with what Mitsuo just went through. And I miss my child.”
“Haruto’s not going anywhere, Haruka. And he understands that you’re just trying to make life
better for everyone at the orphanage.”
“Unsuccessfully.”

“Hey. Haruka. We’re family. It’s like I just said, we don’t care if you fail, or if it takes longer than
you think it was going to. We all still love you anyway. If you feel like you need to come home,
we’ll all welcome you with open arms. But don’t feel like you need to come home just because
things are a little hectic here right now. We’ve got your back!”
“Hmm…”
Ayako frowned. “I know that look on your face, Haruka. Something else is bothering you.”
“I went to visit Yumi’s grave today,” Haruka explained.
“Your birth mother?”
“Yeah. It was strange… the grave had been polished recently when I got there. All of Uncle Kaz’s
friends were. Yumi, Nishikiyama, Kazama, they were all spotless.”
“Somebody had been there already?”
“Yeah. And it gets weirder. There was a camera in a tree nearby, looking straight at those graves.
No others.”
“Wait… you don’t think…?”
“Do you remember a few years ago, when you and Taichi found that camera pointed at Uncle Kaz’s
grave?”
Ayako nodded. “Yeah. But we went back to check it out the next day, and there was nothing there.”
“Almost like whoever put it there didn’t want us to know they were watching. And then last year,
when we hired Yagami-san to figure out where all of that money was coming from… the money
stopped coming right after.”
“Haruka… you don’t think what you saw at Yumi-san’s grave was related… Do you?”
“I don’t know,” Haruka admitted. “Not like I can do much on my own to get to the bottom of it. But
I hate not knowing what’s going on. It makes me feel like I’m a helpless child all over again.”
“What, and you think coming home is going to make that feeling go away?” Ayako asked. “Haruka,
I know you. You won’t be satisfied until you truly get to the bottom of things, right?”
“Huh? But… what can I do?”
“When you spotted the camera, did you make it obvious?”
“I suppose… I pointed at it.”
“Then if it is the same people that put the camera at Uncle Kaz’s grave…”
Haruka stood up. “They’ll be on their way to remove it right now.”
“Which means, if you hide nearby, where they can’t see you, you’ll be able to see who’s putting
these cameras everywhere.”

“Supposing they haven’t already taken the camera down by now…” Haruka muttered. “I have to be
fast. Thanks, Ayako.”
“Don’t do anything reckless. But if you do, keep me updated, okay? I’m sure it’ll be a fun story for
the folks back home.”
“A bit late for that,” Haruka chuckled. “Okay. I gotta go. I’ll call you back.”
Saeko and Seonhee came back in through the back door. Saeko was laughing about something.
“Tell me about it,” she said in response to something Seonhee had told her. “If you told me ten
years ago I’d be going up against the yakuza every three years, I’d have…” she trailed off when she
realized Haruka was missing. “…Uh. Where’s Haruka?”
Seonhee raised an eyebrow. “No idea. Nanba?”
Nanba was still fast asleep.
“Nanba, you drunken prick!”
Nanba jolted awake, as did Date. “Ah! Huh, what’s going on?” Nanba asked frantically as he
looked around.
“Did you see where Haruka went?” Seonhee asked.
Date let out a strange mixture between a yawn and a groan as he pinched his forehead. “Aw, jeez…
Not again…”
***
Kamurocho was, frankly, unlike any city Saeko had ever seen. She’d been here once before, back in
2019, but the constant assault of barkers in high-end suits and bright neon lights, which contrasted
with the inherent sleaze that came with being Tokyo’s premier red light district, were still jarring to
her. In Ijincho, the sleazy parts were sleazy and the nice parts were nice and there was very little
crossover, but here, not only was it difficult to tell a love hotel from a normal hotel—the love hotels
looked so nice from the outside—but the town seemed to pride itself on its seediness, rather than
hiding it away as was done in Ijincho.
But she wasn’t walking around town looking for entertainment. As much as she sort of wanted to
step into a pachinko parlor and piss her money away, she and the others were looking for Haruka.
“Well, Date-san, you know this town better than any of us,” she said to her companion-in-blue who
didn’t actually wear any blue. “Know where she might’ve gone?”
Date scratched the back of his neck and sighed. “Ah, I don’t know. Maybe--” he said as he was
bumped by a thuggish-looking man, who promptly fell over. “Oh, jeez, sorry,” he apologized.
“AGH!” the man howled as he hit the ground. “Ah, ah, you got me real bad!” he groaned in pain
rather unconvincingly. “I might need to go to the hospital!”
“Are you serious?” Nanba asked flatly. “Come on, we don’t have time for this.”
“I’m serious!” the man exclaimed. “I think I broke something! Oh, this is gonna be expensive…”
The man’s friend turned to Date. “Hey, you gonna get my friend the healthcare he needs, or what?”

“Or what,” Date replied, unamused.
“I think maybe… ¥100,000 will cover it!”
Date sighed and shook his head. “Listen, pal, we’re in a hurry, so can you maybe try this on
someone a little stupider than us?”
The “injured” man stood up and laughed. “Nice try. Pay up, or we’ll have to get the police
involved.” Date chuckled. “Huh?! That funny, big man?!”
“It would be, if it weren’t so sad,” Date replied as he pulled his badge out and showed it to the man.
“Now get lost.”
“Huh?” The two men looked at Date’s badge, then laughed nervously. “Uh… haha… just kidding,
man!”
“Mhmm. I’m sure. Don’t let me catch you pulling this shit again.” Date watched the men run away,
then shook his head and sighed. “That’s Kamurocho for you. Some things never change.” He
turned back to face Saeko, Nanba, and Seonhee, and saw that they were all combat ready. He raised
an eyebrow. “You didn’t seriously think that we were fighting them, did you?”
“Uh… sorry, force of habit,” Nanba laughed as they all relaxed. “People try to jump us on the
streets kind of a lot. You should see how much ass Haruka can kick.”
“I believe it,” Date laughed. “She was raised by Kiryu, after all. Although… if he knew she’d been
fighting, he’d be furious with me. I-if he were alive, that is, but…”
“Yeah, you can drop the act, Columbo,” Saeko said, glaring at him. “We all know you know
something about where Kiryu is.”
“His ashes are buried in a graveyard in Okinawa, what do you mean?”
“Oh really?” Saeko asked. “Because according to Haruka, he died in 2016, right?”
“Right…”
“Well, it just so happens, we met the guy in 2019.”
Nanba raised an eyebrow. “We did?”
“Yeah. He was that guy at the Omi Alliance headquarters, and then he kicked the shit out of Ichiban
in Koreatown.”
“Oh, right… That’s Haruka’s dad?”
Date groaned. “Dammit, Kiryu… Haruka doesn’t know, does she?”
“She doesn’t,” Seonhee answered. “I’ve been making sure of it.”
“I imagine you’re on the Daidoji’s payroll, then?”
Saeko raised an eyebrow. “Daidoji? Who the hell are they?”

Seonhee rolled her eyes. “They’re not really in the know, detective. Maybe watch what you say
around them.”
“Well, if they know Kiryu’s not dead, they already know the biggest secret,” Date reasoned. He
turned to Saeko. “The Daidoji Faction… You don’t really need to know much about them, but the
long and short of it is they’re a government agency. Or were, anyway, until Ryo Aoki’s antics cost
the Citizens’ Liberal Party their majority.”
Saeko smirked and held a hand up. “Our fault! We took that video. I had a bone to pick with the
CLP anyway.”
“Look, you’re not the only one, but the point is the Daidoji were the ones really running the show.
When the CLP got kicked out of the government, the Daidoji had to get out of dodge too. They felt
the incoming government would expose everything they’d been working towards.”
“Sucks to suck, I guess,” Saeko said callously. “You want me to feel bad for them or something?”
“So… they’re sort of like a government in exile?” Nanba asked.
“Sort of, except they still have assets all over Japan. Kazuma Kiryu is one of those assets.”
“And why the hell would he be working for them?” Saeko asked. “How selfish can he be? Doesn’t
he know he has a family waiting for him back home? A daughter who smiles through pain? A
grandson who doesn’t even remember him? All those kids at that orphanage in Okinawa, who are
struggling without his guidance? What the fuck gives him the right to just disappear like that? How
could he leave it all behind?!”
“They’re the reason he had to disappear,” Date answered sadly.
“H-huh?”
Date thought back to everything that led up to that day nearly six years ago, when Kazuma Kiryu
erased his name. He looked over at the Millennium Tower, which towered over all of Kamurocho.
“Kiryu became Haruka’s guardian in 2005, after some nasty business involving ten billion yen that
resulted in the deaths of nearly everyone he cared about.”
“Kiryu,” he remembered a much younger version of himself saying. “You’re not to blame… but if
you get arrested in connection to this case, you’ll never get out of prison again.”
“Kiryu was ready to go back to prison, for good this time,” Date explained. “But I told him he had
somebody to care for, now.”
“Haruka,” Saeko deduced.
“Exactly. Both of Haruka’s birth parents had been killed that same night. Kiryu was the only one
left to take care of her, and once I reminded him of that, he took that responsibility on without a
second thought.”
“So if that happened in 2005… they were only together for eleven years.”
“Less than that, even,” Date replied. “Haruka signed to Dynachair at 15, and Kiryu was forced to
go into hiding so the media wouldn’t discover her ties to the yakuza.”

“But, after that concert at the Japan Dome, she went back home… right?”
Date crossed his arms. “Did she tell you the circumstances behind Haruto’s conception?”
“Yeah, she said… oh, shit,” Saeko realized. “Kiryu wasn’t around then, either.”
“He had accepted a four-year prison sentence to try and wipe his slate clean,” Date explained. “The
truth is, between 2005 and 2012, Haruka, and the others at the orphanage, found themselves in
danger. A lot. And Kiryu… Well, he felt like it was his fault. By the time he ‘died’ in 2016, Haruka
had a one year old son. He didn’t want to put them in danger anymore. Just so happened, the
Daidoji and the CLP were involved in what was going on in Hiroshima, too. So on what would
become his deathbed, he cut a deal with them.
“He’d keep quiet about everything he learned down there… and in return, the government would
help him fake his death. With the whole criminal underworld thinking he was dead, nobody had
any reason to come for the kids at Morning Glory anymore. Money troubles aside, their lives got a
lot easier."
Saeko let out a soft gasp. “I… I had no idea… But… still… Haruka, at least, deserves to know the
truth. Surely there can’t be any harm in that?”
“Would you believe I tried telling him the same thing,” Date chuckled. “He doesn’t wanna take the
chance. Besides, even if they aren’t in the government anymore, the Daidoji still have him on a
tight leash. And me, for that matter. So you didn’t hear all this from me, okay?” Suddenly, Date’s
phone rang. “Hmm? It’s the station. Hang on a second.” He answered the call. “Hello… What for?
…Another yakuza boss was murdered, huh? Who was it this time? …Hachiro Sano, eh? Of the
Seiryu Clan, right.”
Saeko, Nanba, and Seonhee gasped. “What?” Nanba asked.
“You already have a suspect in custody? Then what the hell do you need me for? …Huh? She says
she knows me?” Saeko and the others gave each other worried looks as Date’s face fell. “…Right.
I’ll be right there.” He hung up. “Follow me, we’re heading to the station.”
“Date-san, what’s going on?” Saeko asked.
“The Captain of the Tokyo Seiryu Clan’s been murdered,” Date said quietly. “And for some
reason… They think Haruka did it. She’s being held for questioning right now.”
“That’s a sick joke, right?” Saeko asked. “Haruka wouldn’t—!”
“I know,” Date cut her off. “They can’t hold her without evidence, so this shouldn’t take long.
Come on. Let’s go.”
The group followed Date’s lead as they made their way to the police station.

Chapter 11: Like A Judge Eye
Haruka arrived at the graveyard where Yumi, Nishikiyama, and Kazama rested. Ensuring she didn’t
get too close to the graves, so as to not enter the camera’s line of sight, she approached the tree at
the end of the lot and looked up at its branches.
The camera was still there.
“Okay, so, whoever put that up there hasn’t gotten here yet,” she said to herself. “I just need to find
a good place to camp out…”
“…gettin’ real sick of cleaning up after Hanawa’s bullshit,” she suddenly heard a male voice saying
from the graveyard’s entrance.
“Oh, crap,” she exclaimed under her breath as she got down behind a grave and hid, watching the
entrance. Two men in suits were walking through the graveyard, carrying flashlights.
“How come the Daidoji can’t afford smaller cameras?” the man asked his partner, who shrugged.
“I dunno. Sure would be nice, though, if those fucking kids would stop spotting them.”
“Daidoji…?” Haruka muttered under her breath. That was the name of the late government official
whose bank account the detectives traced Morning Glory’s mysterious funding to. Was he… or
someone related to him… watching Haruka?
“You can’t figure it out either, huh?” a hushed voice chuckled next to her, causing her to gasp. The
tall yakuza from the Seiryu Clan headquarters was sitting behind a grave next to her, only now he
was wearing white pants and white snakeskin shoes that reminded her of Kiryu’s own dress sense,
with an awful-looking orange-patterned shirt that looked like it came from a disco in the 70s.
“Who the hell are you?!” Haruka asked, trying to keep her voice down. “Wait, have we met?”
“You and your pals whooped my ass back at the Seiryu Clan HQ,” he replied. “I mean, I was
holding back, but still, you’re tougher than you look. Name’s Kaito. Nice to meet ya,” he said as he
held his hand out.
Masaharu Kaito
Ex-Tojo Clan Matsugane Family
Haruka did not shake his hand. “Why are the yakuza following me?” she asked.
“Well, for starters, I ain’t yakuza,” Kaito replied. “Well, not anymore. Used to be Matsugane
Family, but that was years ago now.”
“Then what were you doing in the Seiryu Clan— whatever. Go away, I’m busy,” she said, peering
back around the grave.
“You’re Haruka, right?” Kaito continued. “At least, I think that’s what you said your name was.
Thing is, I’ve actually been tailing you for a minute, now.”

“Creep,” Haruka muttered under her breath as she watched the two men set up a ladder by the tree.
“Who are these guys?”
“No idea,” Kaito answered.
“I wasn’t asking you.”
“Well, I’m the only one here.”
“I’m talking to myself.”
“That a habit of yours?” Kaito peered around the graves with her. “You know, I might be able to
help you out here.”
“I don’t need help from a yakuza.”
“I keep tellin’ you, I ain’t yakuza. And it doesn’t look like these guys are, either. I think they work
for the government. Thing is… I’m working on a case right now involving the Seiryu Clan, but
these Daidoji fuckers are starting to peak my interest.”
“A case?” Haruka asked. “Are you some kind of detective, mister?”
“I’m a private investigator, from Yagami Detective Agency in Kamurocho,” Kaito explained.
“Obviously an ex-yakuza’s not gonna be able to just stroll into a police station and get a job, so I
work as a civilian, which lets me get into stuff the police won’t, or can’t. Like this right here.”
“Does it have anything to do with your case?”
“It does now.”
“Wait, Yagami Detective Agency? You work for Takayuki Yagami?”
“‘Work for’ makes me sound like I’m just some dumb muscle, but… yeah.”
“So, what, you were undercover or something?”
Kaito nodded. “A client came to the office all the way out from Ijincho a few weeks back. He
wanted me to get to the bottom of a possible insurrection brewing in the Seiryu Clan. Getting in
without having to swear up was easy enough, what with how many ex-yakuza have been signing up
in droves after the Great Dissolution.” Kaito chuckled. “I dressed like them, hopped the wall, and
just acted like I was supposed to be there. Nobody questioned it. Next time you wanna sneak in,
maybe try that instead of causing a ruckus.”
Haruka shook her head. “A woman isn’t gonna be able to do that the same way you did.”
“Ah, details.”
The men they were watching finished taking the camera down, then dropped it on the floor and
stepped on it, destroying it. One of them groaned. “Agh, man… That girl’s more trouble than she’s
worth,” he said.
“That wouldn’t be you they’re talking about, would it?” Kaito asked.

“I guess so… But why?”
“You piss off anyone important lately?” Kaito chuckled. “Don’t answer that. I already know the
answer. Ebina looked at you like he wanted to skin you alive.”
“Ebina… that was the guy at the Seiryu Clan, right?”
Kaito nodded. “Yeah. He just so happens to be the guy I’m looking into. Supposedly, he’s eying the
captain’s seat.”
“Not that unusual,” Haruka replied. “He seems like an ambitious man.”
“Yeah. I’m just wondering… How far’s he willing to go to get it?”
Haruka thought about it. Then, her eyes widened. “Is Sano-san in danger?”
“Do you care?”
Haruka watched the two men leave the graveyard, their work done. “Daidoji, huh? Say, Kaitosan… you are a PI, right? Can I trust you?”
“Only as much as the next guy in this city, I suppose.”
“I need to go warn Captain Sano about Ebina,” Haruka said. “Can you come with me?”
“Well I certainly wasn’t gonna let you barge into a yakuza hideout alone.”
“And then… I have another case I need you to look into.”
“Oh?”
“The Daidoji. I need you to get as much information about them as you can.”
Kaito chuckled. “No promises, but I’ll try my best.”
Haruka’s circle of allies was starting to grow. Kaito joined the party.
Haruka nodded. “Okay. Let’s go.” With that, she stood up, and she and Kaito called a cab and
started to make their way back to the Seiryu Clan headquarters.
~Office Downtime~
“Say, Haruka-chan…” Kaito said as the cab drove back into the city. “…You were on TV once,
right?”
“Y-yes,” Haruka admitted reluctantly. “I participated in the Princess League for the 2012 season.”
“Right… that’s where I’ve seen you before.”
“Huh? You watched the Princess League?”
“Yeah? That surprising?”
“I mean… you don’t seem like the type to be into those kinds of shows.”

“Well, truthfully, I’m not.” Kaito chuckled. “But I used to manage an arcade for the Matsugane
Family, on Park Boulevard in Kamurocho. Back then we had this big flatscreen TV hanging over
the machines along the back wall, and when the kids asked, I’d usually change the channel to
whatever they wanted."
“That’s… surprisingly wholesome.”
Kaito seemed annoyed. “What, a yakuza can’t be wholesome?”
“Th-that’s not what I meant, I—!” Haruka stammered, until Kaito started to laugh. “Huh?”
“I’m just messin’ with ya…”
“Tch… I thought I had offended you…”
“But yeah, back then, a lot of kids were super into the Princess League, so it was on in the arcade a
lot.”
Haruka thought about this for a minute. “But… the Princess League finals aired during prime time.
Were kids even in your arcade that late?”
Kaito was silent for a moment, before replying, “Sometimes I’d leave it on while I was closing up
shop…”
“Heh…”
“That was filmed in Osaka, right?” Kaito asked.
“Uh huh. I lived there for a few months.”
“Ya ever been to the Castle?”
Haruka tilted her head. “Huh? Like… the museum?”
“Nah, the Castle. It was this big casino boat off the coast. You had to get there by helicopter, and it
had gambling, cabaret clubs… even a coliseum.”
“…Casino boats are not usually idol hangouts, no.”
“Heh. You should get out there sometime. I had a blast. Was even part of a team. The Joryu Clan.”
“Joryu? That’s a fake name if I ever heard one.”
“You think so?” Kaito asked. “I mean, yeah, I guess the guy never wanted us to see his face. Stands
to reason the name was fake too.”
“The dark and mysterious type, huh?” Haruka laughed. “This ‘Joryu’ guy sounds a bit full of
himself.”
“Yeah… but one day, he just disappeared,” Kaito lamented. “It was a shame. I actually kinda liked
him.”
“That’s how these things go, I guess.”

***
When Haruka and Kaito arrived at the Tokyo Seiryu HQ, Kaito handed Haruka a bag. “Um. What
is this?” Haruka asked.
“That’s your disguise.”
“Disguise?”
“Yeah. You… use disguises, right?”
Haruka stared blankly at him, causing him to sigh as he removed his shirt, then put on a plain white
shirt.
“Look, ya can’t just waltz into yakuza hideouts all the time lookin’ like yourself,” he explained. He
grabbed a black suit jacket out of his own bag. “That one was Tak’s, so it might be a little big on
you, but it’ll do.”
“I’m not changing in front of you.”
“Yeah, no shit, my girlfriend would kick my ass. Get behind a tree or something.”
Haruka looked around for a safe place to change. “Tch. It’s too cold for this. Terrific day to not
wear tights,” she muttered as she stepped behind a nearby wall and started undressing. “So you and
Yagami-san do this sort of thing a lot, huh?” she called out.
“Yeah. Well, mostly him,” Kaito laughed from around the corner. “Shit, maybe I am just dumb
muscle.”
“You don’t seem that dumb to me.” Haruka pulled her suit pants up, and was surprised that they
seemed to fit quite well. “Yagami-san likes his pants tight, I guess…” She buttoned up a white
shirt, popped the collar, then put on a blue suit jacket. Finally, she put on a pair of dark sunglasses,
stepped into a pair of black dress shoes, and untied her ponytail, letting her hair flow freely. The
outfit did well hiding her feminine figure, but… “Kaito-san, what do I do about my hair?” she
asked as she stepped out from her cover.
Kaito, already dressed, handed her a comb. “Just comb it back. Some of these new age yakuza got
long-ass hair, they won’t notice.”
Haruka nodded and grabbed the comb, brushing her bangs back and exposing her forehead.
“Always hated the way I looked with my hair like this…”
“Well, it‘s doing its job. Shit, you even popped your collar and everything. You got the yakuza
dress sense down,” Kaito complimented.
“Really?” she giggled. “I sort of feel like a doofus.”
“Then you’ll fit right in,” Kaito laughed. “Oh, uh, by the way, your voice is gonna give you away,
so… just let me do all the talking.”
“Yeah.”

Kaito started scanning the area for an easy way over the wall. “Now, this wall’s gonna be a bit hard
for someone like you to get over, so..” he said, trailing off as he turned back to where Haruka was
standing.
She was gone.
“Huh? H-Haruka-chan?”
“Up here!” he heard Haruka call. She was already sitting on the wall above him, smirking. “How
do you think I got in the first time?”
“Heh. Touché.” Haruka held a hand out, which Kaito grabbed, and she helped him over the wall.
“Damn, you’re strong,” Kaito said. “I’m not a light man.”
“Huh? You know, you’re not the first person to tell me that…”
They both landed on the ground close to the building. Standing up from her fall, Haruka started
walking towards the door.
“You didn’t even hesitate,” Kaito laughed.
“Where’s the captain’s office? He doesn’t use the meeting room, right?”
Kaito shook his head. “Nah. He’s got his own room on the top floor. Back corner, on the right.”
Haruka nodded. “Let’s go.”
They entered the building, and were immediately struck by how empty the place was. For sure,
Haruka expected less people to be here—it was getting rather late—but there didn’t seem to be
anyone at all in the ornate entryway. Nonetheless, she and Kaito pressed onward, climbing the
stairs and proceeding down the hallway on the right. “Where is everyone?” Haruka whispered.
“No idea… business is conducted here 24/7,” Kaito explained. “Even now, when most of the Seiryu
Clan is going to be out on patrol, they keep a crew here to guard against intruders.”
“And yet… here we are, intruding,” Haruka muttered. “And there’s nobody here.” They
approached the captain’s office. Curiously, the door was already cracked open. “I think someone’s
in here,” she whispered.
“The captain?”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah.”
“Hm?” Kaito raised an eyebrow. “The lights are out.”
They opened the door and stepped inside.
“Sano-san…?” Haruka called out as she searched for a light switch. “Did somebody open a
window?” she asked Kaito, who shrugged. She turned the lights on, and gasped at what she saw.
Blood covered the captain’s desk and the floor in front of it. The window behind his desk had been
shattered. Sitting on the desk itself was the probable murder weapon, a bloodied tanto, unsheathed.
Haruka approached the desk and picked the blade up. “We’re too late,” she muttered. She looked

out the shattered window, and saw the captain lying on the pavement a story below, in a pool of his
own blood. An agonized grimace was frozen on his face. “Damn it…”
“Shit, that’s not pretty… Are you gonna be okay?” Kaito asked.
“We need to call the police,” Haruka replied.
“They’re already on their way,” a familiar voice said from behind her. Haruka and Kaito turned to
face the source of the noise.
Ebina stood in the doorway, a serious look on his face. Haruka glared at him.
“Ebina…” she growled as she took off her sunglasses. “You knew we’d be here.”
“You… you killed our captain,” he accused, approaching them. “After he was so gracious to you…
you murdered him, in cold blood.” Several other yakuza followed him into the room. Haruka
recognized most of them from earlier, but one of them—an older man with slicked back graying
hair—was a new face. “I suppose I should’ve known you’d come back. You had unfinished
business, after all… Haruka Sawamura… The daughter of Kazama Kiryu. The last heir to the Tojo
Clan, come to topple the Seiryu Clan.”
“Cut the bullshit, Ebina,” Kaito said threateningly. “We know you bumped off Sano.”
“And why would I go and do a thing like that? To what end?”
“You’re next in line for the captain’s seat,” Haruka said. “And something tells me that Sano-san’s
vision for the Seiryu Clan didn’t align with yours, considering you were ordering your underlings
to undermine him. So… you killed him.”
“Your attempts to gaslight won’t work, I’m afraid,” Ebina sneered. “We have you on video
breaking into our compound. I intend to turn it over as evidence as soon as the police get here.”
Haruka stepped toward Ebina. “You’re a monster,” she said angrily.
Ebina chuckled. “Oh-ho… that look you’re giving me… You look like you’re ready to kill again.
You know… I heard that he used to give his enemies that exact same look. Apple doesn’t fall far
from the tree, does it?”
“Who did?” Kaito asked.
“Kazuma Kiryu,” Haruka said in a low voice as she tied her hair back into a ponytail, gearing up
for a fight. “A man who would be ashamed of the sort of yakuza that you are, Ebina. People like
you, people with no honor… You are the reason he left the Tojo Clan.”
“People like me are still alive,” Ebina taunted. “It’s funny, isn’t it… I heard you married one of
those so-called ‘honorable’ yakuza, too.”
Haruka’s eyes widened. “What?”
“Yuta Usami, of the Yomei Alliance… I wonder… Whatever happened to him?”
“How do you know Yuta?”

“Oh, that’s right,” Ebina said in an almost upbeat tone. “He went on to work for Dojima Security,
the company that tried to pretend it wasn’t a yakuza front, but was run by yakuza, and employed
yakuza exclusively.”
“Careful, Haruka,” Kaito warned. “He’s just fucking with you. He’s trying to get into your head,
hoping you’ll do something stupid so that when the cops come they’ll lock you up and throw away
the key.”
“How do you know Yuta?!” Haruka demanded, not listening to Kaito.
Ebina smirked at her. “They say he got sick, one night, right? He was on a job in Tokyo, and he fell
violently ill. I wonder… How did that happen?”
“YOU BASTARD!” Haruka shouted as she dropped the tanto and ran at Ebina, a fist raised.
“HARUKA!” Kaito shouted.
Haruka didn’t listen. She was going to knock this motherfucker out in one punch, except that she
didn’t get the chance. The older, unfamiliar yakuza stepped in front of Ebina and caught Haruka’s
fist with his own hand, then grabbed her with his other hand and threw her across the room. “Ah!”
she cried out as she rolled along the floor, her clothes becoming wet with Sano’s blood. Kaito
caught her and helped her up.
“You okay, Haruka-chan?”
“No! I won’t be until Ebina’s on the floor!”
Ebina laughed and looked at the man who saved him. “Sawashiro. Take care of this little bitch.”
“With pleasure,” the man, Sawashiro, replied.
Kaito looked up at them. “Wait. Sawashiro? As in Jo Sawashiro?”
Jo Sawashiro
Ex-Tojo Clan Arakawa Family Captain
“You know him?” Haruka asked, her breath still heavy with rage.
Kaito nodded. “Yeah. He was the captain of the Tojo Clan's Arakawa Family. But... he's supposed
to be in jail.” Kaito raised an eyebrow at Sawashiro. "You offed the Seiryu Clan's last chairman.
Why are you working for them now?"
“Arakawa?” Haruka asked. She looked up at Sawashiro. That was Ichiban Kasuga’s family. Was
this guy… Kasuga’s captain? What was he doing working for the Seiryu Clan? She shook her head.
She had no time to think about that. She tried to calm herself down as she stood up. As much as she
wanted to make Ebina bleed for what he said about Yuta, she knew he was just making shit up to
get into her head. She and Kaito needed to get out of here before the police arrived. “Get out of my
way,” she demanded.
“Can’t let you leave,” Sawashiro said as several other yakuza stepped forward to back him up. “I’m
here to make sure justice is carried out.”

“I have a family to take care of,” Haruka said, her tone low. “And I can’t do that if I’m sitting in a
cell on some bogus, trumped up murder charge. So I’m walking out that door, even if I have to go
through all of you to do it. If you want to try and stop me… THEN STEP UP!”

Chapter 12: Brutality of a False Judgment
Haruka and Kaito got ready for a fight. These other lackeys wouldn’t be tough. It was Sawashiro
they were worried about. He was a complete unknown. The man grabbed the tanto that Captain
Sano had been killed with off the ground and ran at them, slashing viciously and missing only by
mere inches as his two opponents did whatever they could to dodge. He slashed vertically to split
the two of them up, then turned to Haruka and slashed with a downward motion to her head. She
caught his arm with her own, causing him to halt his attack, the blade coming to a stop mere inches
from her glaring face.
JO SAWASHIRO
Of the Tokyo Seiryu Clan
She then used a knock back technique she had seen Kiryu use to get some distance between herself
and Sawashiro, who appeared unbothered by the resistance she was putting up. He chuckled as the
other yakuza moved to back him up, although Ebina stayed back and out of the fight, as he had
done when Haruka was here the first time.
“This guy’s not a pushover,” Kaito warned. “Stay on your toes!”
Haruka nodded in response. “Right!” With the battle begun in earnest, she made the first move,
running at one of the Seiryu yakuza and performing an atlas hold, a breakdancing move wherein
she performed a handstand and then kicked her enemies to the imaginary beat of the imaginary
battle music she was beginning to hear—probably not a good sign, but Saeko and Nanba did warn
her that hanging out with them too long would set her insane. Regardless, the attack was effective,
and she managed to significantly damage not one, but two of the Seiryu Clan members she was up
against.
It was Kaito’s turn next. His job as a PI did put him in perilous combat situations pretty frequently,
and of course he had been in the Tojo Clan before joining up with Yagami Detective Agency, so a
good old-fashioned scrap was nothing new to him, and his experience fighting meant he had two
combat stances under his belt; currently, he was in his Bruiser stance, a balanced street-brawl
influenced combat style that he tended to rely on by default in most situations. It wasn’t the
flashiest or most unique way to fight—and in fact, the stance reminded Haruka of one of Kazuma
Kiryu’s own fighting styles—but Kaito stood by it as the best style to use to get the job done, most
of the time anyway. He ran at the yakuza to Sawashiro’s left and started with a simple three-hit rush
combo, starting with a left hook, then a right hook, and finishing with a right uppercut, which sent
the yakuza backwards into Sawashiro, damaging him as well.
Sawashiro retaliated, stepping towards Kaito and slashing at him several times with the bloody
tanto. Kaito was able to guard against most slashes, but the last one got him pretty good and caused
a deep cut on his arm which bled heavily. “Shit… is that my blood?” he asked himself as he held
the wound to stop the bleeding.
One of the nameless yakuza that Haruka attacked decided to “rep the set”, for lack of a better term.
He boasted about the strength of the Seiryu Clan and enthused about his loyalty to Ebina and
Sawashiro, which made all of his allies more confident in their abilities. The second one slashed at

Haruka with his blade, but she dodged the attack. Finally, the yakuza that Kaito was fighting turned
to Haruka and taunted her about her dead husband and father, enraging her.
“If you want to die, then step up!” Haruka threatened. Focusing all of her energy on that one
yakuza, she ran at him and performed a low leg-sweep on him, sending him into the air; she then
roundhouse kicked him in midair, which on top of impressing everyone in the room with her
skillful dance moves, also knocked the yakuza out cold as soon as he hit the floor. “I feel better,
now,” she said cutely, her rage dissipating once the offender was out of commission.
Kaito, meanwhile, decided to turn his attention to Sawashiro, who was the real gatekeeper here
anyway. Sawashiro was guarding against incoming attacks, but Kaito had the fix for that. He
switched to his Tank stance, a slower, more specialized, but much more damaging attack style that
he used whenever he needed to give somebody a real thrashing—and that also reminded Haruka of
one of Kiryu’s battle stances. “You’re done!” he yelled out as he switched into the stance and
moved toward Sawashiro, grabbing him with a single hand and throwing him at the two other
nameless yakuza, crushing them and knocking them out.
Now, it was just Haruka, Kaito, and Sawashiro on the field. Ebina wasn’t surprised; a large
majority of his underlings in the Seiryu Clan were completely useless. Sawashiro, he’d hoped,
would prove more competent. Sawashiro himself needed no convincing. He knew these two were
no match for him, even as they now had him surrounded. He was getting old, but he still had quite a
bit of fight left in him. “You two think you’re the only ones that can dance?” he asked menacingly
as he held the tanto outwards and spun impossibly fast, slashing both Kaito and Haruka and forcing
them to retreat from his attacks.
“Shit, this guy can move!” Kaito exclaimed. “Haruka, how’re you holding up?”
“Compared to Ogita-san’s dance classes? This is nothing,” Haruka responded smugly, though the
truth was all the cardio in the world couldn’t have prepared her for just how tough Sawashiro was.
He hadn’t even broken a sweat, and she realized that this was not a fight they could win—not
individually, that was.
“What’s the plan, then?” Kaito asked, snapping her out of her thoughts.
Haruka tried to think. Attacking Sawashiro the way they had been was not working. Maybe it was
time for a different approach. It was time for a tag team attack. “Grab him,” Haruka commanded.
“Let’s hit this guy hard, together. Okay?”
Kaito nodded. “Got it.” He grabbed Sawashiro again and turned him around, so he was facing the
wall.
“Let go of me!” Sawashiro demanded.
Haruka then got a running start and used Kaito’s muscular back to boost herself up and jump into
the air, well above Sawashiro’s stature. She then kicked, hard, with her right foot, giving Sawashiro
whiplash. Kaito followed this up by lifting him up and tossing him across the room, sending him
into the desk, destroying it.
Sawashiro was getting sick of this. He stood up and glared at them. Looking out the window behind
him, he saw police lights surrounding the compound. “Heh. Looks like the jig is up,” Sawashiro
chuckled, smirking.

Haruka’s glare turned into a confused look. “Huh?”
Sawashiro used his own tanto to stab himself in the stomach, causing blood to gush from the
wound.
“Ah!” Haruka gasped. “A-are you okay?!”
“Fuck!” Sawashiro groaned in pain as he ripped the blade out of himself and tossed it across the
floor, so that it landed straight at Haruka’s feet.
“What did you go and do that for?!” Kaito asked.
Haruka’s eyes widened as she heard more footsteps entering the room. “Tokyo PD! Nobody
move!” She and Kaito turned around to see that several police officers were filing into the room,
guns drawn and pointed at Haruka and Kaito.
“H-huh?!” Haruka exclaimed.
“Hands where we can see them!” an officer demanded.
Sawashiro groaned in pain. “Officer, help, these Tojo Clan loyalists have killed my captain! I-I tried
to stop them, but…”
An officer looked at Sawashiro and gasped. “Shit, we’ve got an injury, get the EMTs up here.”
Another officer nodded. “Sir!” He ran outside to get help. The other officers surrounded Kaito and
Haruka as Ebina continued to smirk at them from the doorway.
“We have security footage that shows them breaking in, if you need it…” Ebina said politely to the
police. “And we have footage of three individuals who we suspect to be their accomplices.”
“W-wait!” Haruka pleaded. “This is all a big set-up! Ebina’s the one who—!”
“Hands in the fucking air!” the lead police officer demanded. Haruka and Kaito complied and put
their hands up.
“You’re making a mistake!” Haruka said.
“Save it,” Kaito groaned. “They won’t listen. They don’t care who’s really to blame for the murder
of a crime boss. They just want an arrest for the papers.”
Haruka gasped as she realized she was really being arrested. Surely, she wouldn’t be blamed for all
of this… right? Then she realized something. Kaito-san. He barely even knew her, and she dragged
him into her mess. He really didn’t deserve to go down for this.
“Kaito-san…” she said softly, her back against Kaito’s. “I’m sorry. I dragged you into this.”
“Eh. No biggie. You didn’t know they were gonna try this shit.”
“You’re ex-yakuza, right?”
“Yeah. So I’m no stranger to run-ins with the law.”

“Run.”
Kaito gasped. “H-huh?!”
“Me… I can find a good lawyer. I don’t have any convictions. I can get out of this. But you're an
ex-yakuza. They won’t go easy on you.”
“H-Haruka?”
“You’re not to blame… but if you’re arrested in connection with this case, you’ll never get out of
prison again. Kaito… on the count of three… I need you to run.”
“B-but!”
“One…”
“I’m not leaving you to deal with this mess!”
“Two…”
Kaito groaned. “Fuck me,” he swore as he got ready for three.
“Three!” Haruka swung at one of the cops, causing all of them to drop their focus on Kaito and
grab her, tackling her to the ground.
“Shit!” Kaito yelled out as he ran from the officers, jumping out of the shattered window and
landing on the ground below, near Sano’s body. “Oh, fuck, that’s not pretty,” he said as he stood up
and looked back up at the window. “Hey, I’m not letting you rot in prison!” Kaito yelled out as the
cops moved to the window. “I’m gonna get you out, okay?”
“Just run, Kaito-san!” Haruka yelled out as the other cops dragged her away.
Kaito groaned. “Fuck!” he exclaimed. He had to get out of here. Cops were gonna be all over him
in a second. He ran for the wall and climbed over, then started running down the street, trying to
put as much distance between himself and the cops as possible. When he was far enough away, he
ducked into a side alley, and the cops that were chasing him ran past. He tried to catch his breath.
“God dammit…” he groaned in a hushed voice, panting against the wall. “Ah, shit… Haruka… I’m
sorry…” When the coast was clear, he pulled out his phone to make a call. The line rang twice,
then somebody picked up.
“This is Yagami,” the voice on the other end greeted.
“Hey, Tak, it’s me. Listen, don’t come back to Kamurocho right now. Keep your ass in Sotenbori
until I give you the all clear. Shit’s all fucked up right now, and I don’t know how I’m gonna fix it,
because I gotta lay low for a bit.”
“Did something happen, Kaito-san?” Yagami asked.
“Yeah. The captain of the Seiryu Clan’s dead,” Kaito explained. “Murdered. And right now, I’m a
prime suspect. So I’m going off the grid for a bit until I get this shit figured out, and you should
probably do the same.”

“Damn, we just can’t catch a break, can we?” Yagami chuckled. “After all that shit went down in
Yokohama last year, too… Alright. I’ll lay low for a bit. I trust you’ve got this handled?”
Kaito couldn’t help but laugh. “Trying my best. I could use some help though. See, the other
suspect is this girl. Fuck, Tak, she made shit worse for herself just to give me a chance to escape,
she didn’t even know me. Why’d she have to go and do that? Agh… Anyway. Her name’s Haruka
Sawamura. You took a case for her, right?”
Yagami thought about it. “Yeah, I think so. She runs that orphanage in Okinawa. She wanted the
source of some money traced.”
“And you traced it to a guy named…?”
“Daidoji.”
Kaito grinned. “Perfect. She wants me to find out more about Daidoji… Or, more specifically, his
agency. Think you can look into it for me?”
“I’ll see what I can dig up.”
“Thanks, Tak. Now I gotta go. Cops’re still after me. You probably won’t hear from me for a bit.
Good luck.”
“Likewise.” Kaito hung up the phone, and sighed. “Oh, man… what a mess…”
***
Date, Saeko, Nanba, and Seonhee approached the Kamurocho police station on the corner of
Nakamichi Street and Showa Street, where several police vehicles were parked. They couldn’t
quite see what was going on, as several bystanders were also crowding the scene. Some were
taking photos. Saeko looked off to the side and groaned. “Ah, shit.”
A Tokyo Broadcasting System van was parked on the corner, meaning the media had already learnt
what was going on. That meant that many of these bystanders were with the press. Nanba was
confused. “Huh? Why are there so many reporters?”
“They’re here for Haruka,” Saeko replied. “Former idol, yesterday’s media punching bag, raised by
a Tojo Clan yakuza… now charged with the murder of a prominent yakuza boss. The media’s not
gonna let this chance escape from them. Assholes.”
Date held his badge up and started making his way through the crowd. “Hey, move it. Step aside.
Tokyo PD. Everybody back up!”
The group made it to the front of the crowd, where Haruka was being escorted out of the middle
squad car by two police officers, one holding each of her arms, and her wrists were handcuffed
together. Saeko gasped at her appearance.
“H-Haruka…!”
She was wearing a suit which was covered in blood, and her hair was disheveled. She sighed as
reporters started taking more photos. “Haruka Sawamura!” one reporter called out, shoving a
microphone in her face. “Why did you kill the Seiryu Clan captain?!”

“Are you planning to revive the Tojo Clan?!”
“Is your orphanage in Okinawa a front for a yakuza training facility?”
The last question was the only one Haruka reacted to. She looked at the reporters with a pleading
look on her face. “Leave them alone,” she begged. “Please. The children at Morning Glory… none
of them have anything to do with this. Whatever problems you have with me… Please, don’t
punish them for my mistakes.”
Saeko glared at the reporters. “Okay, that’s enough,” she said, shoving a reporter aside.
“Hey, lady, this is my scoop!” the reporter responded, shoving her back. “Get your own!”
“Oh, you’re fucked, now,” Saeko growled, clenching a fist, but Date grabbed her wrist and held her
back. “Huh?”
“Saeko, this isn’t helping Haruka any,” he said calmly. “I promise, she’s going to be okay. Just step
back a second, okay?”
Saeko cast a worried glance at Haruka, who shrugged.
“Date-san’s right,” she said. “Don’t cause a scene here. It’s only going to get you in trouble. I don’t
want you all to end up sharing a cell with me because you got into a fight with some reporters.
Okay?”
Saeko nodded. “Okay… We’ll see you inside, I guess…”
Haruka nodded, and the police dragged her into the station. So this is what it feels like to be at rock
bottom, she thought as she was escorted through the doors.

Chapter 13: The Idol at Rock Bottom
Haruka sat alone at a cold metal desk in a cold, sterile, featureless interrogation room. Across from
her was an empty seat, intended for the police officer who would be coming soon to question her.
Behind that chair was a single door, next to which was a mirror, which she guessed from watching
crime dramas on TV was actually a one-way window. She’d been in here for what she guessed was
about forty minutes, though she couldn’t know that for sure as the room also had no clock and her
cellphone had been confiscated. Her only companion the entire time was the consistent hum of the
fluorescent lights in the ceiling above her. She sighed again. Am I ever getting out of here? she
wondered to herself.
Just then, a detective entered the room. He was a tall, middle-aged man with short black hair and
wrinkles around his eyes and a cigarette in his mouth. He wore a blue suit, unbuttoned, with a light
blue dress shirt and a black tie. As he looked at Haruka, he reached up to grab the cigarette from his
mouth. When he did so, Haruka observed that he also wore a pair of black leather gloves, an odd
fashion choice for a police interrogator. Sighing, he sat down across from her and placed his badge
on the table.
“Good evening, Haruka-san,” he greeted. “My name is Akio Yamamoto. I’m a detective with the
Kamuro police.”
“They wouldn’t let Date-san do this, huh?” Haruka chuckled dryly.
“Date is too close to the case. He can’t be involved.”
“Can I speak with him after?”
“Outside of his capacity as a police detective, yes,” Yamamoto nodded. “You have a few visitors,
actually.”
“Be honest with me… I’m not leaving here tonight, am I?”
Yamamoto didn’t immediately answer. He crossed his arms. “What were you doing in the Seiryu
Clan offices, Haruka-san?”
“I was trying to warn Sano-san about a threat on his life,” she answered. “Mister, you have to
listen. I didn’t kill him.”
“So you wanted to warn him about a potential threat to his life… and you broke into his office to do
so?”
Haruka sighed. “I know it sounds hard to believe, but I couldn’t trust anybody else there, and with
good reason. Masataka Ebina killed him. Or Jo Sawashiro, on Ebina’s orders.”
Yamamoto’s face didn’t change. “What family are you with?” he asked.
“I’m not with any yakuza family.”
“Do me a favor. Roll up your sleeve.”

Haruka sighed, but did as she was told and rolled up her sleeve. She knew which one he was
talking about. He wanted to get a look at her tattoo.
“I’m sure you’re aware, Haruka, that dragons are a pretty big symbol in Tokyo’s criminal
underworld,” Yamamoto said.
“I’m sure you’d know,” Haruka replied. “You’re ex-yakuza, aren’t you?”
Yamamoto’s face faltered just a bit, but he didn’t seem too bothered by the assumption. “How do
you figure?”
“Your gloves,” Haruka pointed out. “You’re wearing them to hide a missing digit, right?”
Yamamoto was silent at first, but then nodded. “You’re pretty observant. Yes, as a youth, I was in a
small family out in Saitama. Made a mistake, lost my patriarch some money, paid the price for it.
Once, I wound up in trouble with the law. Pretty big trouble. However, the detective cut a deal with
me. He offered complete amnesty if I became an informant.”
“So you snitched,” Haruka deduced, a small hint of disgust in her tone. “Rather than face the
consequences for your actions and repay your debt to society, you took down everyone else with
you.”
“I did what I had to. Blew the lid open on a big heist that was about to go down. Patriarch and
captain both went to jail, I was out on the streets that day. The way I see it, I repaid my debt to
society right then and there. That is why I’m in organized crime today. It was the best decision I
could’ve made, considering the circumstances. You have the opportunity to make a similar
decision.”
Haruka tilted her head. “How so?”
Yamamoto leaned back in his seat and sighed. “Thing is… as much of a media firestorm as it would
whip up… nobody thinks you killed Sano. Sawashiro’s wound appears to be self-inflicted as well.
But… Masataka Ebina is testifying that you did kill Sano, and that you stabbed Jo Sawashiro.”
“And you’re going to accept that testimony, even though it’s clearly a lie?”
“We have probable cause to charge you. After that, it won’t be up to me. It’ll be up to a jury. One
that has heard of you before, Haruka Sawamura. There aren’t many in this country that haven’t.”
“So then why do you even care about what I have to say?” Haruka asked.
“Because, if you say the right thing… You might get off easy.”
“Huh?”
Yamamoto slid a photo across the table. It was of Kaito.
“This is Masaharu Kaito, formerly of the Tojo Clan’s Matsugane Family,” Yamamoto said. “He was
there with you, wasn’t he? As an ex-yakuza, he’d be easier to convict. He’s big. He’s brutish. He’s
violent. And he’s at large.”
Haruka smiled. “So he got away, then.” Thank god.

“Do you know where he might’ve gone?” Yamamoto asked.
“What?”
“Well… If you helped us catch him… and you testified that he was the real mastermind, that he
forced you into the scheme… You’d probably get off very easy. Two, three years at most. Hell, you
have no past criminal record, so you might even be out in six months.” He leaned forward.
“Otherwise, you’re looking at ten to fifteen years in the joint.”
“You want me to throw Kaito-san under the bus, and lie about his involvement, just to save
myself?”
“It’s an option,” Yamamoto said. “You have a child waiting for you at home, don’t you? You don’t
want him to be without his mother for ten years or more, do you? Come on, Haruka. Do what’s
right for your family.”
Haruka glared at him. “Well, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, Yamamoto-san,” she began, “but I
don’t know where Kaito-san is, and even if I did, I wouldn’t tell you.”
“You want your son to grow up with a mother behind bars?” Yamamoto asked.
“If I got an innocent man imprisoned, I wouldn’t be able to face my son at all,” Haruka said firmly.
“I have so many wonderful brothers and sisters who’ll bring him up right. When I see Haruto again,
I want to do so with my head held high. I can’t do that if I’ve doomed an innocent man to escape
judgment.”
“How old is Haruto? Six? Seven? Why, by the time you get out… he’ll be a man. A man who has
no idea who his mother even is. His whole childhood will have passed you by. Is that what you
want?”
Haruka wasn’t budging. “I want him to be proud of his mother. And anyway, neither of us killed
Sano, so I’ll take my chances with the legal system. We're both innocent, so we both should go free.
If you want to charge me just because I won’t throw Kaito-san under the bus, then so be it. I’m not
going to push my problems onto him.”
“I see.” Yamamoto sighed, took another drag from his cigarette, and stood up. “You’re making a
very stupid decision, Haruka Sawamura.” He stood up and moved to exit the room. He sighed again
as he opened the door. “The offer is open until your trial. You better get some sense, soon.” He left,
closing the door behind him. As soon as he was gone, Haruka’s brave facade vanished, and she
broke down into tears.
“Haruto…” she cried, unable to stop herself from sobbing. “Oh, Haruto… be good while mommy’s
away… please…”
***
“You didn’t take the deal?” Nanba asked.
Haruka now sat in a visitation room, across a thick glass from her former companions and Date.
She was now dressed in a slate gray button-up shirt and matching pants and shoes. Her hair had
once again been neatly combed forward, although the ponytail was gone. She nodded.

“Yeah,” she replied. She was finished crying long before she was allowed to see her friends, but
they could all tell she had been; her eyes were red and her voice was hoarse. “Kaito-san didn’t do
anything wrong… Why, do you think I made the wrong choice?”
Saeko shook her head. “Absolutely not. What, just because he’s ex-yakuza, he deserves to rot?
Fuck that. You made the right choice.” She sighed and laid her forehead against the glass. “Still…
wish you coulda saved us.”
“Huh?”
“We’re persons-of-interest in the murder case,” Seonhee explained. “Apparently, the Seiryu Clan
turned over footage of us hopping the wall, and now the cops wanna know what our involvement
was.”
Haruka shook her head. “That’s not fair, you weren’t even there when they arrested me!”
“Yeah, well, nobody’s charged us yet, but… it’s coming.” Seonhee chuckled. “We might be
cellmates, soon.”
“So then… why don’t you guys head back to Ijincho before they decide to lock you up?”
“What, and ditch you?” Saeko laughed. “We’re a team, Haruka. We’re not leaving you behind.”
“Even if we all fry for it,” Nanba added.
“It won’t come to that,” Date said. “Haruka, I’ve looked at the evidence that the Seiryu Clan is
turning over. Frankly, it’s flimsy as hell. They’ve already ruled out charging you for assaulting
Sawashiro on account of his wound clearly being self-inflicted, and now that that domino has
fallen, the entire case is going to fall apart. Even if the murder charge goes to trial, I don’t think it’s
very likely they’ll convict you. My best guess? You’ll be back home in a month, tops. Of course,
you’ll miss Christmas, but… just this Christmas.”
Haruka let out an exhausted sigh. “I sure hope so… I am not looking forward to prison life.”
“Everything’s going to be okay,” Saeko assured her. “You’ll be back home before you know it.”
“Thanks, Sa-chan… But… Just in case things go badly for me here… Can I ask you a favor?”
Saeko raised an eyebrow. “Huh? Uh, sure. What is it?”
“I know this is a lot to ask… but… if they convict me…” Haruka looked back up at Saeko, tears in
her eyes. “…Could you check in on Morning Glory, every once in a while, and make sure they’re
okay?”
“Of course, Haruka.”
“And… I don’t know if you and Kasuga still want children…”
“Huh?”
“But… maybe consider adopting?” A tear trickled down Haruka’s cheek. “If they convict me…
Haruto’s going to need a loving family to look after him.” She was crying again. “If you wanted to
be that family… You have my blessing, Saeko.”

Saeko let out a soft gasp, and tears started to form in her eyes, too. “Haruka…” On one hand, it was
so deeply touching that, in just the few days they’d known each other, Haruka had grown to trust
Saeko so much that she’d be willing to give up her child to her, if it came down to that. On the
other hand… it was so, so heartbreaking that Haruka seemed to legitimately believe that she was in
a situation where she may lose her child. “It’s not going to come to that, Haruka,” Saeko assured
her, tears flowing from her eyes. “But I promise. I promise that no matter what happens, Haruto
will be taken care of. You have my word.”
“Thank you, Saeko,” Haruka said softly. Her request granted, she relaxed a little and leaned back in
her seat, sighing. “…These next few days are going to be awful,” she chuckled.
“You’ll get through it, Haruka-chan,” Nanba assured her.
Haruka sniffled. “I know… I just get bored easily.”
“Well, we’ll be back tomorrow.”
“Thank you, Nanba-san.”
“Until then…” Date said, “…Visiting hours are almost over. I hate to have to leave you now, but
they’re gonna kick us out soon.”
“It’s okay,” Haruka replied, nodding. “I’ll be alright, Date-san.”
Saeko and Nanba stood up. “Hang in there, Haruka-chan,” Nanba encouraged. “Seonhee, you
coming?”
Seonhee nodded. “I’ll be out in a moment. I wanna talk to Haruka about something privately.”
Date nodded. “Don’t be too long, now,” he said, as he, Saeko, and Nanba stepped out.
Haruka tilted her head. “Is… everything alright, Seonhee?”
Seonhee shrugged. “I just want to make sure you’re okay, Haruka. I know I’ve been sort of a bitch
to you this entire time, but it’s not personal.”
“Right,” Haruka replied. “It’s all about what your clients have asked of you.”
“Right.” Seonhee was silent for a moment, then said, “So, weird question… You do know Saeko
doesn’t swing that way, right?”
“What do you mean?” Haruka asked. Seonhee simply smiled at her. Slowly, Haruka’s face started
to redden. “I-it’s that obvious, huh?” she muttered, embarrassed.
“Hah! I knew it,” Seonhee cackled loudly. “Yeah. Everyone can see it. Except for her, I guess.”
“P-please don’t tell her,” Haruka begged. “It’s just a stupid crush, nothing more. I don’t want to
make things weird, especially since she’s still in love with Kasuga.”
“I’m great at keeping secrets,” Seonhee assured her. “Although… Who knows. She was pretty
quick to agree to take in Haruto. You might just be the key to her closet.”
“If it gets between her and Kasuga, I’d rather not be,” Haruka said, shaking her head.

“Getting between them could be fun.”
“You’re gross.”
“I’m your friend, I’m allowed to be gross.” Seonhee laughed some more. It was an infectious
laugh, and Haruka couldn’t help but laugh too.
“Hah… Friends, huh? Yeah, I guess we are, aren’t we?” She chuckled again, before remembering
the situation she was in. “God, I’m such an awful mother.”
“Hey, come on, don’t say that.”
“Look at how messed up everything is. All because I left my family to go chase after some stupid
money.”
“You’re doing what you thought was best for their future,” Seonhee reasoned. “None of this is your
fault. Look, I know it’s not exactly the same, but… I mean, I run two gangs back in Ijincho. That’s
sort of like taking care of a couple hundred children. That’s how I see it, anyway. I don’t think
you’re doing anything I wouldn’t do.” She smirked, and added, “Besides getting locked up, of
course. I simply wouldn’t have been caught.”
“I probably could’ve escaped before the police got there,” Haruka said, “if I hadn’t taken Ebina’s
bait.”
“Oh? What do you mean?”
Haruka sighed. “He… he started talking about Yuta-kun.”
Seonhee frowned. “Scumbag…” she muttered. “You know, it wouldn’t surprise me if the Seiryu
Clan had a run-in with Dojima Security. That’s probably how he got the name.”
“Yeah, he mentioned the company,” Haruka replied. “And he also… implied he had something to
do with Yuta’s death.”
“He was just trying to get into your head, Haruka,” Seonhee assured her.”
“Yeah. I know. But a little part of me keeps thinking… Yuta got sick, but they never figured out
what it was… what if he was poisoned? What if Ebina really did do it? But… Another part of me
doesn’t want to learn the truth.”
“Why not?”
Haruka got a look in her eyes that Seonhee really did not like. “If I had proof that Ebina really did
have something to do with Yuta-kun’s death… I think I'd have done something awful,” she
muttered.
“No, you wouldn’t have,” Seonhee said, shaking her head. “No offense, but you really don’t seem
like you’re up to the task.”
“You don’t think I’m strong enough?” Haruka asked.
“I don’t think you have the emotional capacity to take a life,” Seonhee said. “Look, I’m not gonna
get into my whole backstory with you, but some of the shit that I’ve seen… the shit that I’ve

done… it sticks with you. It takes a lot out of you.” She seemed to be thinking about something,
and then she sighed. “And no matter how much you think they deserve it… No matter what they
did to you… That first kill is harrowing. A part of you dies with them.”
Haruka’s glare was replaced with a look of worry, and she let out a soft gasp. “Seonhee…”
“You move on from it. You learn to be okay with it. But you’re never really the same again. It’s not
that I don’t think you could physically do it. I think that you do not have the emotional capacity to
do it.” Seonhee smiled sadly at her. “And that’s a good thing.”
Suddenly, Haruka started to see Seonhee, the woman who was supposed to be holding her leash, in
a different light. She felt her bond with her grow stronger. She smiled and nodded at her. “I’m glad
you think so.”
Seonhee sighed and stood up. “Well… I suppose I should get going, too, before Date hauls me
out.”
“Seonhee?” Haruka said. “I have one more question, before you go.”
“Shoot.”
“Your clients… they wouldn’t happen to be a group called the Daidoji, would they?”
Seonhee was silent for a moment. "You're really persistent, you know that? ...No comment."
“That’s a yes, then?”
“It’s a lack of an answer.”
“Why are the Daidoji going to such lengths to go after me?” Haruka asked. “What have I done to
them?”
Seonhee sighed. “I think you’re thinking about it the wrong way.”
“Huh?”
“If such a nefarious group were really ‘ after’ you, you’d have met them already and they’d have
killed you.”
“But they are watching me, though. Why?”
“I really wouldn’t know anything about it,” Seonhee said, crossing her arms. “Really, you sound
paranoid. But… supposing such a group really was surveilling you, you should really consider the
possibility that it has nothing to do with you at all.”
“Huh?”
“I’m just speaking hypothetically of course… I mean, no offense, you’re not very interesting. So if
such a group was watching you, it would probably be because somebody affiliated with them has
a… personal interest in you.”
Haruka raised an eyebrow. “And who would that be?”

“Don’t ask me, you’re the one that thinks you’re being watched,” Seonhee responded. “It’s
ridiculous, honestly. I mean… who would wanna watch after you?”
Rolling eyes fall…
Haruka thought about it. Who would want to be keeping tabs on her? She suddenly thought back to
something Kashiwagi had said to her earlier.
“You don’t just leave the yakuza,” he said. “Not unless you plan to leave everything else behind.
Your home, your life, your family… even your name.”
Ruling dies out…
Somebody was watching her… and also hiding from her? She thought back to something Kaito
said to her in the cab.
“I guess the guy never wanted us to see his face. Stands to reason the name was fake too. One day,
he just disappeared…”
Rolling eyes fall…
“I dunno,” Seonhee said, interrupting her train of thought. “Ruminating on this imaginary watcher
doesn’t seem like a good use of your time.” She made her way to the door, then turned and smiled
at Haruka. “You’re chasing a dragon, Haruka Sawamura.”
Haruka’s eyes shot open, and she gasped.
Seonhee was gone, leaving Haruka by herself. A tear rolled down her cheek, and a smile grew
across her face.
Ruling dies out…
Rolling eyes fall…
“Uncle… Kaz…”
The door behind her opened, and the police officer that had been assigned to escort her walked
through. “Sawamura. Visiting hours are over. Come with me.”
With new resolve, Haruka stood up and smiled at the officer. “Of course!” she replied, bowing. The
officer seemed weirded out by how cheerful she was, but decided not to comment, and escorted her
to the cell she’d be staying in for the night.

Chapter 14: -Intermission- Ryukyu Ga Gotoku
“Why did you kill the Seiryu Clan captain?!”
“Are you planning to revive the Tojo Clan?!”
“Is your orphanage in Okinawa a front for a yakuza training facility?”
Reporters mobbed the defendant as she was escorted into the Kamurocho police station. “This was
the scene in Kamurocho late last night,” a reporter with the Tokyo Broadcasting System narrated,
“as police arrested disgraced former teen pop idol and known Tojo Clan associate Haruka
Sawamura, who is one of two prime suspects in the murder of Tokyo-area yakuza Hachiro Sano,
who police believed to be the head of the newly-formed Tokyo branch of the Seiryu Clan, a
Kanagawa-based yakuza organization.”
Ichiban Kasuga gasped as he sat in the hotel room he shared with Koichi Adachi, Tianyou Zhao,
and Joongi Han, watching a news report about a series of shocking events that had occurred back in
Kanto the previous night. The report then cut to a clip of the accused murderer answering reporters’
questions.
“The children at Morning Glory… none of them have anything to do with this,” she said.
“Whatever problems you have with me… Please, don’t punish them for my mistakes.”
The reporter continued as Haruka’s mugshot and an older looking photo of another man came on
screen, “Police say Sawamura was aided by another yakuza, Masaharu Kaito, a former member of
the Matsugane Family before the Great Dissolution. Kaito is still at large. He is considered to be
armed and very dangerous. A curfew is in place across most of Shinjuku as the manhunt continues.
Civilians are advised to immediately contact their local police department if they spot Kaito, but
are discouraged from approaching him.
“Earlier this morning, the scope of the investigation broadened significantly, as three more arrests
were made.” Three more mugshots flashed on screen. Kasuga gasped again.
“No way…” he said in disbelief.
“Warrants were issued this morning for Yokohama natives Yu Nanba and Saeko Mukoda, as well as
the suspected Korean mafia boss known as ‘Seonhee’. They turned themselves in to the
metropolitan police within the hour. Police in both Tokyo and Kanagawa are additionally asking the
public to come forward with any information they may have about four of Masaharu Kaito’s
associates, who were discovered to have fled the region at some point prior to Sawamura’s arrest.
Takayuki Yagami, Fumiya Sugiura, Toru Higashi, and Makoto Tsukumo are all wanted for
questioning.
“Asked about the unusually large scope of this investigation, a spokesman for the Tokyo PD said,
‘There is significant reason to believe that the Sano murder was part of a larger criminal
movement,’ adding, ‘Sawamura had significant ties to the Tojo Clan’s late Fourth Chairman,
Kazuma Kiryu.’ It is believed at this time that the Tojo Clan, previously thought to have dissolved
in coordination with the Kansai-based Omi Alliance in 2019, has instead reorganized, with
Sawamura as its chairwoman. Police believe Kyushu yakuza groups may also be involved, based
on Sawamura’s suspected ties to Hiroshima's Yomei Alliance and Okinawa's Ryudo Family.”

The report continued from there, but Kasuga didn’t really want to continue listening. “What the
fuck is going on back home…?” he asked.
“I dunno,” Adachi answered, “but I think it’s got something to do with Mabuchi.”
“You think so, Adachi-san?”
Adachi nodded. “Yeah. Haruka Sawamura is the mother of the kid that Mabuchi’s after, right?
Seems pretty clear to me that she was set up for the Seiryu Clan murder, so that she’d be out of the
way when Mabuchi— Ah, shit,” he muttered. “Look.”
“Huh?” Kasuga turned back to the television and was greeted with his own grinning face. His
mugshot from his own murder arrest, dated the 1st of January 2001, was now on screen. “Aw,
man!” he groaned.
“Police have just updated their bulletin, and are now inquiring as to the whereabouts of former Tojo
Clan yakuza Ichiban Kasuga, who served an 18 year sentence for murder beginning at the turn of
the century and was released just a few years ago. Kasuga is a known associate of Nanba, Mukoda,
and Seonhee, and was a former subordinate of now-deceased crime boss Masumi Arakawa, the
suspected architect of the Great Dissolution.”
Kasuga sighed. “Well, at least the picture’s outdated…”
Joongi Han raised an eyebrow. “Kasuga… you smiled when they took your mugshot?”
“Well… yeah!” Kasuga excused. “I was doing my duty for my family! And also… mugshot or not,
a photo’s a photo, and I gotta look good for the camera.”
“You look like a friggin’ psychopath,” Adachi laughed.
“I look like a handsome psychopath, thank you very much!”
Zhao chuckled. “Don’t get too ahead of yourself, Kasuga-kun. You looked like a caveman that
learned how to smile.”
“Ah… fuck you guys,” Kasuga swore, chuckling as he did so.
***
Kasuga and his party strolled through the bustling—but still quiet compared to Tokyo, Osaka, and
Yokohama—streets of Downtown Ryukyu. They took in the sights, observed the people, and
peered into the windows of the various shops that lined the street. But, despite appearances, they
were not on vacation. They were here on a mission.
That mission? Figure out Akira Mabuchi’s next move and put a stop to it.
They turned into the city’s iconic covered mall and kept walking. “So, do we know for certain that
Mabuchi’s gonna strike here, next?” Kasuga asked.
“Well, let’s look at the facts,” Adachi replied. “First, he tracks down and offs Big Lo, the former
patriarch of the Saio Triad, in Tokyo. Then, he made his way through Nagoya, Kyoto, and Osaka,
taking out Triad bosses on his way down south. He was last seen in Hiroshima, where, according to

Joongi, Big Lo’s only surviving son, a yakuza named Yuta Usami, was previously located, having
himself fathered a son, Haruto Sawamura.”
Joongi nodded. “But when Mabuchi got to Hiroshima, Yuta and Haruto were nowhere to be found.
Apparently, after the previous Joongi Han died, Yuta left the Yomei Alliance and he and the boy’s
mother, Haruka Sawamura, moved to Okinawa to take over an orphanage formerly run by Kazuma
Kiryu, the fourth chairman of the Tojo Clan. Yuta himself passed away in 2021, making Haruto the
sole heir to the Saio Triad’s Japanese operations.”
“Talk about a complicated family history,” Kasuga muttered. Kazuma Kiryu , he thought to himself.
Just who was that guy? He had heard stories, early in his days with the Arakawa Family, about a
legendary yakuza who had worked for the Dojima Family, until he murdered his own patriarch one
fateful night back in the 90s and was sentenced to ten years in the joint. Kasuga started his own
stint in prison while Kiryu was still serving time, and after leaving prison Kiryu had briefly become
the Tojo Clan’s fourth chairman before, apparently, retiring to run the Morning Glory orphanage
right here in Okinawa.
But he died in 2016. So how was it that a man fitting his description had been present for the
dissolution of the yakuza in 2019? Something wasn’t adding up here, and in addition to stopping
Mabuchi, Kasuga wanted to get to the bottom of it all.
His train of thought was interrupted when he bumped into a group of street punks who were just
standing around in the way of everybody. He inadvertently knocked one over, who screamed “Hey!
Watch it, asshole!”
“Oh!” Kasuga exclaimed. “Shit, my bad, man. Here, let me help you up…”
“Don’t touch me!” the punk yelled, smacking Ichiban’s hand away. “You coulda killed me!”
“That seems a bit over dramatic,” he muttered, scratching the back of his neck.
The punk got a good look at him, raised an eyebrow, and then smirked. “Hey… ain’t you that bigcity gorilla that was just on the news? The one that the cops wanna book back in Tokyo?”
“I think you have me confused with someone else,” Kasuga responded. “See, they just wanna
question me about what I know. Nobody said anything about arresting me.”
“Yeah, save it,” the punk spat. “You know, we’re not unreasonable… Give us half a million yen,
and we won’t go to the cops.”
“I think I’ll pass,” Kasuga dismissed.
“Hey, buddy, you think this is a joke? Pay up, or we squeal.” The punk smacked his fist into an
open hand and laughed. “Or do we gotta beat you before we take you in?”
“I’m kind of in a hurry…”
“Same shit, different shithole, eh Kasuga?” Adachi laughed as he moved to Ichiban’s side. Zhao
and Joongi stood with them as well, and everyone was ready to back him up.
Kasuga chuckled, then pulled out his trusty hero’s bat, an old bat he’d pulled out of the ground in
Yokohama three years ago, covered in barbed wire and dried concrete. “Yeah, I guess it is.”

The punk laughed. “You think you can take us on, man? Bring it!” Suddenly, the punks were all
enveloped in a flash of white light, and as if by magic, all of them had transformed into monsters,
right in front of Kasuga’s eyes! The monsters now stood in front of Kasuga’s party, knives at the
ready and their eyes glowing red.
“You ready for this, Kasuga?” Adachi asked.
“You bet I am,” Ichiban said, grinning as he got ready to throw down. He twirled his bat in the air
and then held it triumphantly towards the sky. “THE BATTLE IS ON!” he shouted.

Chapter 15: Trouble In Paradise
Three unconscious street punks lay in front of Kasuga and his party. They hadn’t even broken a
sweat. “You know, I tried to be diplomatic,” Kasuga laughed. “Maybe that’s not my strong suit.”
“Bravo, Kasuga,” he suddenly heard a low, creepy voice congratulating him from behind.
“Huh?” Ichiban turned around and found himself face to face with a rather ugly mug. He was a
bald, elderly man in glasses, with a large, nasty scar going across his right eye, with another on his
left cheek. “Uh… Morikasa-sensei?”
Morikasa (given name unknown) was the Sujimon Sensei, a weirdo from Yokohama who was
obsessed with cataloging other weirdos that Kasuga fought in his journey. He called these weirdos
“Sujimon”, a word derived from the Japanese term “suji no mono”, which typically is used to
describe thugs or yakuza - at least, that is what one would be led to believe. Morikasa himself has
flip-flopped between the origin of the word being that, and being an abbreviation for “super jittery
men” - as in, men so creepy that they made you super jittery.
“You took down those Gangpunks like they were nothing!” Morikasa complimented.
“Gang…punks?” Kasuga questioned. “You mean those assholes just now?”
“Yes! They should be registered in your Sujidex as ‘Gangpunks’!”
“Hey, are you, like, following me or something?”
Morikasa chuckled and looked around. “I needed to get away from the city for a while… A nice
relaxing jaunt on the beach sounded extremely appealing… Especially when I heard about all the
new Sujimon to be found here!”
“What?”
“How long have you been in town? How many of them have you found? Show me your Sujidex,”
Morikasa demanded as he grabbed Ichiban’s smartphone.
“Hey! The hell’s your problem?!” he exclaimed.
“Where is your Sujidex, Kasuga?” Morikasa asked.
“What, that stupid app you made me download three years ago?” Ichiban responded. “This is a new
phone, man. I didn’t reinstall your weird app.”
The Sujidex was a smartphone app that Kasuga once had which cataloged all of the various
Sujimon he encountered in Kanto and Sotenbori. In the aftermath of Masato Arakawa’s death, he
decided to go completely straight, meaning he wasn’t getting into fights as much anymore, meaning
he no longer needed the Sujidex. He did not care about Morikasa’s stupid quest to catalog all of the
Sujimon in the Kanto region. Frankly, he’d hoped he’d never see Morikasa again, because the guy
sort of freaked him out.

“Agh! You useless ingrate…” Morikasa scolded. “Kasuga. You’re in a brand new region . The
Okinawa Region. Sujimon that nobody has ever seen live here! Think of the scientific discoveries
to be made!”
“Dude, like a million people live in Okinawa,” Ichiban said. “How, exactly, are all of the Sujimon
here ‘undiscovered’? And also, Okinawa’s not a region, it’s a prefecture. And how different can a
Ryukyuan street punk be from a Kamurocho street punk—?”
“Silence!” Morikasa demanded. “There. I’ve redownloaded the app. It’ll automatically log new
Sujimon as you find them. Don’t delete it. Kasuga… you have 2BA Sujimon Master!”
“I don’t want to be a Suji—.”
“You have to be! You have to be the very best, like no one ever was! I’ll be watching you,
Kasuga...” With that, Morikasa walked away, leaving Ichiban and his party alone in the mall.
“What. A. Freak,” Adachi derided.
Ichiban raised an eyebrow as he flipped through the app, which was now separated into two
sections; one for Sujimon found here in Okinawa, and another for Sujimon one would find Kanto,
across Ijincho and Kamurocho. “Hey, a bunch of these are already filled out. Am I… sharing data
with somebody else?”
Joongi Han glanced at Ichiban’s phone. “Hmm… it appears your Sujidex account is connected with
somebody in Kanto… so any Sujimon that they find are being logged in your Sujidex. Presumably,
any that you find here in Okinawa will also be registered to their Sujidex.”
“Pretty convenient, if you ask me,” Adachi whistled. “Man. Technology’s amazing.”
“Yeah, I guess,” Ichiban sighed. “So… what’s our next move?”
“We need to get the lay of the land,” Adachi mused. “A bar, or somewhere where we can gather
information.”
Joongi nodded. “I think I know a place. Follow me.”
The group followed Joongi Han through the streets of Ryukyu, eventually coming to a small bar on
an unassuming street corner. Ichiban read the sign above the door. “Golden Dragon Takoyaki Bar.
Authentic Osaka-style cuisine,” he read aloud. “Say, how did you know about this place, Joongi?”
“A previous Joongi Han knew the bartender here,” Joongi explained as the group walked in.
“ A previous Joongi Han?” Adachi asked incredulously. “As in, besides you and the guy that ran
that club in Kamurocho? How many of you guys were there?” He chuckled. “What, did the
Jingweon have a Joongi cloning facility back in Seoul?”
“Who told you about the cloning facility?” Joongi said very seriously.
“Heh… W-wait, are- are you serious?”
“Adachi-san… The Jingweon Mafia are going to be coming after you, now. You simply know too
much.”

“H-hey now, I was just kidding!” Adachi said frantically. “I didn’t know you had a…” he trailed off
when he heard Joongi struggling to stifle a laugh. “Huh?”
“Hehe… That was too good to pass up,” Joongi laughed.
“Oh… you were just messing with me…”
“Maybe,” Joongi answered, his tone serious again. “Maybe not.” He was visibly holding back more
laughter.
“Screw you…” Adachi groaned.
Kasuga sat down at the bar, right across from the barkeep, who was arranging glasses on the shelf.
“Yo. Barkeep. What’s up?” he greeted.
The bartender turned around and looked at Kasuga. He was a rather large, imposing man, in a
golden Kariyushi shirt with slicked back blonde hair, a nearly trimmed neck beard, and a scar going
across the left side of his lip. His face was rather mean looking, though it could just be the
sunglasses he was wearing which made it look that way. The most distinctive feature of his attire,
though, was that his right arm appeared to be missing, with a rather advanced-looking prosthetic
arm in its place. He leaned against the bar.
“Uh, hang on…” Kasuga said, “...have we… met before?”
The bartender raised an eyebrow. “Can’t say that we have. What can I do for ya, stranger?” he
asked in a thick Kansai accent.
“Huh. Well… Nice place you got here,” Kasuga complimented. “Cozy. Uh, listen, we’re new in
town, and we were hoping you might be able to help us out.”
The bartender raised an eyebrow, and looked over in Joongi’s direction. “Well, now… There’s a
sight for sore eyes,” he said. “Han… Is it really you?”
Joongi shook his head in response. “No, unfortunately not. The Joongi Han you knew hasn’t been
seen in Japan in quite some time. I’m a… relative of his.”
“Oh really?” he wiped the bar down with a rag and chuckled. “Actually, I never knew a Joongi
Han. I mistook ya fer somebody else. Sorry ‘bout that, friend.”
“Right… Uh, I know you probably didn’t want to be found, but, I want to assure you, I’m not here
on Jingweon business. Actually, I defected some time ago.”
“Hmph. That so?”
“Yeah.”
The bartender stared at Joongi for a bit, before responding, “Ya ain’t the guy I knew… but ya do
remind me of ‘im. An’ he helped me out of a pretty fucked situation, way back when. So, silly as it
may be, I kind of feel like I’d be repayin’ the favor if I helped ya.” He looked back at Kasuga.
“Actually, I recognize you, too, now that I think about it. You were on the news, right? Cops in
Tokyo’re lookin’ for ya. Truth is… somebody’s been lookin’ for me, too, so I know what that’s
like. If ya need a place to lay low, I guess ya can stay here.”

“Oh, I don’t wanna impose,” Kasuga replied, chuckling. “Uh, but… is the news the only thing you
remember me from? I really feel like we’ve met before.”
The bartender stared at him some more, his expression unreadable. “Nope,” he said. “Never met ya
before.”
“Oh… Well then, it’s nice to meet you!” Kasuga responded, a cheery tone replacing the inquisitive
one. “The name’s Kasuga.”
“I know. I saw the news.”
“Oh, right…”
Adachi, Zhao, and Joongi sat at the bar near Kasuga. “But, you haven’t heard of us, right?” Adachi
said. “Unlike this idiot, we’re not on the news. I’m Adachi.”
“Zhao,” Zhao introduced himself. “A pleasure.”
“And I guess you already know Joongi Han,” Kasuga finished. “Or… one of him, anyway.”
“Hmph. One of him. You guys hungry?”
“Huh?”
The bartender placed a plate of freshly-prepared takoyaki onto the bar with four piping hot balls,
one for each of them. “On the house,” he said.
“Oh! Thank you!” Kasuga said graciously. The four of them dug in. The taste was indescribable.
Kasuga had never tasted takoyaki so good, so savory, and by the time it was gone, he wanted a
dozen more. “Damn, that was good,” he sighed.
The bartender chuckled. “I’m glad ya liked it. Truth is, I’m kind of an amateur. I picked up cookin’
after I… left my other line of work.”
“On-the-job injury?” Kasuga asked, glancing at the bartender’s prosthetic arm.
“Somethin’ like that. Anyhow… I was forced to shut down my old stand durin’ the pandemic, so I
decided to come out here, get a fresh start. Business has been kinda slow, though. Wonderin’ if it’s
the food.”
Kasuga shook his head. “Nah, man, I don’t think so. Honestly, you cook takoyaki like a pro.
Seriously. It’s the best I’ve ever tasted. Business will pick up soon, I’m sure. And hey, we’re gonna
be in town for a bit, so we’ll be your first regulars! Isn’t that right, guys?”
Joongi nodded. “Indeed. It’s the least I could do for an old friend of the family.”
“Well, I appreciate it,” the bartender thanked. “Like I said, you guys are welcome to lay low here
whenever ya need to. There’s a room upstairs ya can use, too, if ya need a breather.”
“Thanks,” Kasuga nodded. “Actually, I was wondering if you knew anything about a… thing we’re
looking into.”
“Well, I’ll help out if I can.”

“Cool.” Kasuga pulled out his phone and pulled up a photograph of Mabuchi, taken at some point
during his time in the Liumang. “Have you seen this guy around town? Or any triad-looking dudes
at all, really?”
“Hmm… can’t say that I have,” the bartender said, shaking his head. “Nah, the only crime family
I’ve seen in Ryukyu is the Ryudo Family, but… they’re mostly harmless.”
“I see.”
“Although… Now that ya mention it… I have seen some other shady lookin’ motherfuckers around
town. They didn’t look like triads, or yakuza, for that matter.”
Kasuga raised his eyebrows. “Seriously?”
“Yeah. Guys in black suits and black vans, just… hangin’ around.”
“What, and… that’s it?” Adachi asked. “They’re not talking to anybody, or going into any
businesses, or…?”
The bartender shook his head. “Nah. They just sit in their vans and wait. Then… they leave.”
“Huh… is there any pattern to it?”
Suddenly, the door opened, and a tall, heavyset man with buzzed hair entered the bar. He appeared
to be in his early twenties and despite his imposing stature, had a friendly look on his face. “Yo,
barkeep!” he greeted as he sat down on the other side of Kasuga.
“Taichi,” the bartender greeted. “Ain’t it a bit early to be gettin’ sauced?”
Taichi laughed. “I’m just here for lunch, man. Can’t get enough of your takoyaki!”
Kasuga feigned a disappointed groan. “Aw, man… I thought we were your first regulars…”
The bartender laughed. “Actually, Taichi here’s been coming in since the day I opened. You want
the usual?” Taichi nodded, and the bartender nodded back. “Awright. Wait right here.” He walked
around the corner to begin preparing the food.
“Well… I’m okay with second place,” Kasuga chuckled. “Say, uh, Taichi-san, was it? Are you from
around here?”
Taichi nodded. “I work for the local fire department. Grew up right here in Okinawa.”
“Right… and have you seen anything… out of the ordinary, lately? Like… any shady looking
dudes hanging around?”
Taichi frowned. “What do you mean?”
“We’re actually from out of town, and…”
“Are you guys cops?”
“Huh?”

Taichi glared at Kasuga. “Haruka Sawamura didn’t do what they’re saying she did. So if you were
hoping to get dirt on her from me, you might as well leave now. I'm not saying anything.”
Oh, shit , Kasuga thought to himself. This kid’s from that orphanage. “Look, you’ve got it all
wrong. We’re not cops. And we’re not reporters, either. We’re… We’re on the run from the cops,
too.”
“Kasuga!” Adachi groaned.
“Hey, trust is a two-way street, Adachi-san,” Kasuga shot back. “If we want Taichi-san here to trust
us, we gotta show him that we trust him.”
“Look, just leave me alone,” Taichi said as he stood up and made his way towards the door.
“W-wait!” Kasuga called after him, standing up. “We wanna help! We know Haruka was framed!”
Taichi stopped right at the door, his hand resting on the handle. “What do you know about it?” he
asked.
“Uh, well… actually, not much,” Kasuga admitted. “But her so-called ‘accomplices’? They’re
actually friends of ours. And the convicted murderer they’re trying to bring in for questioning, back
in Tokyo? It’s… it’s me. The whole thing was a setup. And I’m trying to fix it. So please… trust
me, okay?”
Taichi sighed. “When I heard about her arrest on the news this morning, I knew something was up.
I told myself, I’m heading straight to the airport and I’m flying to Tokyo myself to get to the
bottom of it. That’s what Uncle Kaz would’ve done. But I’m not Uncle Kaz, so… what can I even
do about it?”
“Uncle Kaz?” Kasuga asked.
“Kazuma Kiryu,” Taichi explained. “He… passed away, six years ago. At least… that’s what they
told us. ‘We couldn’t save him,’ they said. What a load. This man faced down entire armies,
could’ve taken down all the yakuza in Japan if he wanted to… and one bullet took him out? I didn’t
believe it. Nobody else at the orphanage did either, at first… but as the years went by with no sign
of him, slowly, everyone started to lose faith. Even Haruka.”
“But you never did, right?” Kasuga asked.
“Of course not,” Taichi said. He turned back to face Kasuga’s group. He was smiling again, and he
had a determined look in his eyes. “He’s out there, somewhere. I just know it. I’m sure he’s got his
reasons for hiding from us… just wish he’d, like, send a postcard, or something.” He walked back
to the bar and sat down. “Okay, look… Kasuga-san, right? I don’t know much more than you do.
About anything, really. But… If it’ll help Haruka, I wanna help out, any way I can. So I’ll do some
sniffing around town, see what I can dig up.”
“That would help a lot, Taichi-san,” Kasuga responded. “But, uh… the guys we’re dealing with are
pretty dangerous, so… be careful, okay?”
“Of course. Who am I looking for?”

Ichiban showed him the photo of Mabuchi. “Akira Mabuchi. Used to run with a group of triads in
Yokohama."
Zhao waved. "My group of triads. So, uh... my bad?"
Taichi frowned. “Triads, huh? And you think he framed Haruka?”
“I think he’s involved,” Kasuga replied. “I’m gonna be honest with you, we don’t know all the facts
yet. But Haruka was accused of killing a yakuza boss from the Seiryu Clan, and Mabuchi just so
happens to come from a triad group that had ties to the Seiryu Clan. If he didn’t do it, somebody
connected to him did.”
“So... give it to me straight," Taichi said. "Haruka's son, Haruto... His grandfather was a triad
bigshot. And now you're saying triads had something to do with Haruka's arrest? Is... Is Haruto in
danger?”
Kasuga gave him a serious look. “I don’t wanna freak you out. But… yeah. He might be. We think
Mabuchi wanted Haruka out of the picture to make it easier to get to Haruto. He’s really, really
dangerous, so… if you wanna back out now, I won’t blame you.”
“Are you kidding?” Taichi laughed. “If Haruto’s in danger, I’m definitely in. Everyone at the
orphanage would die for that kid. Besides, Uncle Kaz wouldn’t back down. So I won’t either.”
“Alright, good shit,” Kasuga chuckled. “Uh, this might freak out everyone at home, so… try and
keep it on the down low for now, alright?”
“Of course. Meet me back here tonight and I’ll let you know what I’ve found.”
Kasuga nodded and stood up. “Thanks, Taichi-san. Come on, guys,” he said to his companions.
They left the bar and started walking back towards the main road.
“Say, Kasuga…” Adachi said, “…you sure it was wise, getting Taichi involved like that?”
Kasuga sighed. “Probably not, but there’s a real chance we’ll need to get Haruto away from
Okinawa. That’ll be a lot easier if somebody there already knows what’s going on. Why do you
think I told him not to tell anyone else? Hopefully, we won’t need to get anyone else at Morning
Glory involved.”
“So what now?” Zhao asked as the group turned into a smaller side-street. “I mean, we still don’t
know much about when or where Mabuchi’s gonna strike. Taichi-kun will only be able to dig up so
much…”
Kasuga stopped.
“Uh, Kasuga-kun?”
“I know you’re there,” Kasuga called out, “so you can knock off the Solid Snake bullshit and show
yourselves.” The group turned around to see several men in suits and sunglasses approaching them,
led by a middle-aged, dark gray-haired man in prescription glasses. "You think I didn't see you guys
creeping outside that bar? You've got the men-in-black look down. Question is... were you there for
us, or were you there for Taichi-san?"
“You’re rather perceptive, Ichiban Kasuga,” the leader complimented.

“Yeah, I maxed that stat out a long time ago,” Kasuga responded.
“Ugh…” Adachi groaned.
“Well do yourself a favor and do your level grinding away from Taichi, and everyone else at
Morning Glory,” the man said threateningly.
“Don’t encourage him!” Adachi exclaimed.
“Why do you care?” Kasuga asked, ignoring Adachi. “And how do you know my name? Who are
you guys?”
“That’s classified. Need-to-know basis.”
“Well I need to know, so start talking,” Kasuga said.
“Unfortunately, ‘asshole’ is not a high enough clearance level,” the man responded. “I’m only
going to say this once. Go home, Kasuga.”
“Not happening. The kids at Morning Glory are in danger, and as long as that’s the case, I’m
sticking around.”
“I think you’ll find we have it handled.”
“Oh yeah? If you’ve got it handled… then you should be able to repel any threat,” Kasuga said
darkly as he pulled out his bat. “Including us.”
The man chuckled. “If you insist. But I warn you… this isn’t a game. We won’t be held responsible
for what we do to you.”
“Even better,” Kasuga said, grinning. “No holding back, now! Give me your best shot!”

Chapter 16: The Daidoji Code
MYSTERIOUS MEN
It was four against four, and Kasuga was ready. He and his party were armed with their standard
equipment; Adachi had a police baton, Zhao a Chinese broadsword, Joongi had brass knuckles, and
Kasuga was using his trusty hero’s bat. Joongi moved first, attacking the man in front of him with a
swift kick to the chest, followed by a roundhouse kick to the face; then, when the man was down,
he punched him in the face with his brass knuckles, breaking his nose. This brand of brutality not
only served Joongi well in battle, but was also a strong reminder to his companions and one-time
adversaries not to mess with Geomijul.
Zhao ran at the leader with his broadsword raised and jumped into the air, yelling out as he slashed
downwards. The man smirked and blocked the blow by bracing his arm against Zhao’s.
“You're in over your head,” he said.
“H-huh?!”
The man released Zhao’s arm and then roundhouse kicked him backwards across the parking
garage the battle was taking place in, causing him to drop his broadsword. Zhao tried to grab it, but
the man did something insane; he shot a glowing blue wire at the broadsword, and the end wrapped
itself around its handle.
“What the hell?” Kasuga said. “Are you guys seein’ that?!”
“Yeah, for once it’s not in your head,” Adachi chuckled.
“That’s some Spider-Man shit!” Kasuga exclaimed as the leader reeled in Zhao’s sword, then
released it as it flew over his head and embedded itself in the wall.
“Are you getting it, yet?” the man asked. “You’re playing a whole different game, Ichiban Kasuga.”
Ichiban growled and glared at him. “Agh… you’re really pissing me off, now! Just who the hell do
you work for that you’ve got shit like that in your arsenal?!”
“Trust me, you haven’t seen anything yet.”
With Zhao disarmed and one of the mysterious men defeated, it was down to three against three.
The leader looked at each of his remaining men and ordered, “Let the serpents loose!” He then
stomped his foot… and suddenly, flames erupted from the heels of his and his companions’ dress
shoes, causing them to hover a few inches above the ground and allowing them to move twice as
fast.
“Uh… I-I’m still not imagining this, right?!” Kasuga asked his friends.
“Unless you’re imagining something crazier than friggin’ JET POWERED BOOTS,” Adachi
exclaimed, growing more annoyed with the situation. “Otherwise, yeah, this is real too.”
“What is up with these guys?!”

One of the mysterious men jetted around Kasuga’s party in circles, making them dizzy, then homed
in on Joongi Han and turned his boosters up to 200%, approaching him so fast he didn’t have time
to react. He then raised a knee and allowed the propulsion of the jet to send his knee into Joongi’s
face at impossible speeds, knocking him out cold instantly. Kasuga got even angrier as his friend hit
the ground.
Adachi glared at the bastard who was zipping around them and stepped in front of him on his next
go around, catching him with his immense strength and halting his forward momentum. The man’s
jets didn’t stop, however, causing him to panic. Adachi grinned and turned the man’s body fully
upside down, causing him to fly face-first into the pavement at the same speed he had hit Joongi
with, knocking him out immediately. “Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking,” he
taunted, “we had to make an abrupt emergency landing. You might feel a slight debilitating pain up
your entire spine for the rest of your life. Thank you for flying Air Koichi!”
“Nice one, Adachi-san!” Kasuga complimented. “There’s only two left. Let’s take them… out?”
The leader was just messing with his smartwatch. He seemed totally disinterested in the fight, now.
“Uh… hey?” Ichiban called out. No response. “Yo.” Still no response. “What are you doing,
checking your stock portfolio?! You’re fighting someone, right now!”
“Oh, I know,” the leader said, bored. “I’m just queuing up my next attack.”
“Huh?”
Suddenly, they heard a small buzzing noise. Kasuga looked to his left and saw a small drone - not a
cool, expensive-looking drone, mind you, but one of the terrible, cheap ones that one could
purchase at any electronics shop that had battery life comparable to a SEGA Game Gear approaching Adachi. Kasuga laughed.
“That’s your attack?” he asked. “An RC helicopter?”
“It’s a drone, Kasuga,” Adachi groaned.
“Whatever, it’s still a toy,” Kasuga chuckled. “What’s wrong? Did the 007 cosplay break the
bank?”
Then, a second drone came into view. And a third. And a fourth. Soon, no less than eight drones
had surrounded Adachi. “This… seems bad,” he said. Then, the drones swarmed him, dealing
significant damage!
“Adachi-san!” Kasuga exclaimed. It was at this point that he noticed that the drones all had claws
affixed to their bottoms. They grabbed Adachi by his shirt and lifted him off the ground.
“Oh, shit,” he mumbled as the drones accelerated towards the wall. “Shiiit! Shitshitshit, Kasuga!”
he swore as he slammed into the wall at high speed, taking him out of commission. “Agh…” he
groaned as he hit the ground, the drones having been destroyed on impact.
Kasuga turned to glare at the two men before him. “What… the fuck… is your problem?!” he
exclaimed, his breath heavy with rage. “You think I can’t take you both out myself?! You’re gonna
be singing a different tune real fuckin’ soon!” He yelled as he ran at the final lackey and swung his

bat, hard, at the man’s face, knocking him out. He then swung at the leader, who simply dodged the
swing and decided to smoke a cigarette.
“You did this to yourself,” the man chided, sighing as he did so. “You challenged us to show our
worth, and we did.”
“Like hell you did!” Kasuga denied. “You still haven’t taken me out. So come on! One on one!
Let’s throw down!” The man chuckled, and simply tossed his cigarette at Kasuga’s feet. “Hey!”
Kasuga exclaimed as he stepped back. “Okay, now you’re just being a dick. At least dispose of that
shit properly if you’re— Huh?” he suddenly trailed off as he heard a beeping noise, which started
out slow, but grew in tempo rather quickly. He looked down.
The beeping was coming from the cigarette, which had a blinking red light affixed to the lit end.
“Oh, shit!” Kasuga yelled out as he jumped away from the cigarette, which promptly exploded.
Strangely, though the blast was sizable, the actual damage done to the environment was quite
insignificant, with merely a small crater where it once sat. Kasuga stared at the crater, his eyes
wide. He then looked up at the man he was up against, who approached him slowly. “Who… are
you guys?”
“Are you gonna leave town, now?” the man asked.
Kasuga shook his head. “Sorry, but… not happening. I don’t care how many guys you send after
me. When someone’s in trouble, I don’t back down… and right now, Haruto Sawamura’s in
trouble.”
“Pity,” the man said as he crouched down to Kasuga’s level. “You know, Kasuga-san… we’re the
good guys. But we are by no means nice guys. If you continue to try and get close to the children at
Morning Glory… We’ll have to resort to something drastic.”
“Who’s ‘we’? At least answer that.”
The man sighed, and stood up, turning from Ichiban to light a cigarette—a real one, this time. “You
really don’t quit, do you…? He did tell us you were determined.”
“Who did?” Kasuga asked.
“Don’t worry about it,” the man replied as he helped his companions up. “This is above your pay
grade.”
“And why are you guys so interested in Morning Glory anyway? Do you work for Kazuma Kiryu?”
Kasuga asked, to which the man chuckled.
“I have no idea who that is,” he answered. “And just for the record, we don’t work for anybody.
Everyone works for us. Keep poking your nose where it doesn’t belong, and maybe you will, too.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“It means…” the man started, only to trail off when he heard footsteps.
“Kasuga-san!” Taichi yelled as he ran around the corner into the garage. “I saw these guys
following you. Are you okay?!”

The man sighed, discarded his cigarette, and gestured to his companions. “Let’s go,” he said as he
pushed past Taichi.
“Hey!” Taichi said, glaring at the man as he left. “Huh?” He looked down and saw that the man had
inadvertently dropped what appeared to be a business card when he brushed past Taichi. Taichi
picked it up and read it.
Kihei Hanawa
“What business does this guy work in?” Taichi asked himself as Kasuga and his friends stood up
and walked towards him. “Ah! Kasuga-san! Are you alright?”
“Yeah… the guy left a business card?” Kasuga said. “That seems careless.”
“He did leave in a hurry,” Zhao pointed out.
Adachi shook his head as he took the card. “Mm, nope, this card’s actually pretty smart,” he said.
“This… is not that guy’s real name. He probably gives these out to people when asked to identify
himself, but it’s actually a fake name.”
“What makes you say that, Adachi-san?” Joongi asked.
“Well, the name itself is real-sounding,” Adachi explained. “…But, as it so happens, Kihei Hanawa
is a name I’ve seen before, back when I still worked for the KPPD. He was an elderly guy from
Portside back in Yokohama. Lived alone, had no family to speak of. One day, his neighbor
requested the police do a wellness check on him, because he hadn’t left his apartment in a while.
Cops went in, found his corpse sitting in front of the television. Guy had a heart attack a few nights
before.”
“Damn… awful way to go. Alone in your apartment, no loved ones to keep you comfortable,”
Kasuga said.
“But… if Hanawa died in 2013, it’s gotta be a coincidence, right?” Taichi asked.
“Well, not so fast. Here’s where it gets weird,” Adachi said. “They were never able to identify the
body.”
“Huh?” Kasuga asked, “He didn’t have any ID?”
“None. Police searched the place for a driver’s license, passport, bank statement, anything that
might have the guy’s name on it. Nothing. Not even a checkbook or a work badge. It was like…
somebody had cleaned him out of any and all identifying documents. There was money, and other
valuables in the apartment that could’ve been taken, but nobody touched them. His landlord, of
course, told us that that body was Hanawa, without a doubt.”
Kasuga frowned. “But something tells me it doesn’t end there, right?”
“Yeah. I was already working at the DMV at this point,” Adachi continued. “Thing is… that same
morning, ‘Kihei Hanawa’—supposedly, the same Kihei Hanawa that was lying in the morgue—had
recorded a change in address and requested we mail him a new ID, with a new photo to boot. I
went to check out the address that weekend. It was an unoccupied lot in Kamakura. It was a classic
identity theft case. But nobody could ever find the culprit, and even if they did, he likely had all the

documents necessary to prove that he was the real Kihei Hanawa. And it was done so
professionally, too… you couldn’t even tell anyone had been in the building.”
“And you think this guy is the guy that stole Hanawa-san’s identity nine years ago?” Taichi asked.
“I can’t say for sure… But I’d be willing to bet a lot of money on it.” Adachi looked back down at
the business card. “Hm? Hey, there’s writing on the back of this…” He turned the card around,
revealing a note that had been scribbled in very cute handwriting.

KKちゃん
応援よろしくお願いします〜！
常に夢を追い続けましょう！
澤村 遥 <3

(To KK-chan
Thank you for your support~!
Follow your dreams always!
Haruka Sawamura <3)

Taichi’s eyes widened. “Ah! Th-That’s Haruka’s signature!” he exclaimed.
“And the plot thickens,” Adachi said in a low voice.
***
The gang regrouped and recuperated at the Golden Dragon. Taichi sighed and leaned against the
bar. “So that Hanawa guy… he was trying to get you away from me?”
Kasuga nodded. “Yeah. Well, Morning Glory in general.”
“Think he might be with Mabuchi?” Taichi asked.
“Nah, I doubt it,” Kasuga replied, shaking his head. “Guy was an ass, but… in a weird way, I think
we might actually be on the same side? Of course, I can’t rule anything out, but… I don’t think you
have to worry about Hanawa.”
“What makes you say that? I mean… he’s been watching Haruka too, by the looks of it…” Taichi
muttered. “What if he’s the one that framed her for that murder?”
“He beat our asses, man,” Kasuga laughed. “He could’ve killed us. Could’ve killed you, even,
when you showed up, but instead he just booked it. I think he genuinely is looking after you guys.”

“But why, though?” Adachi asked. “Who exactly are they, and why do they have an interest in
Morning Glory?”
Joongi Han crossed his arms and hummed. “Hmm… if Hanawa-san stole the identity of somebody
in Yokohama… there’s a chance Geomijul was involved.”
“Oh, great!” Kasuga exclaimed, smiling. “So we just need to call Seonhee and… ah, shit, she’s in
jail.”
Taichi seemed to be deep in thought. He furrowed his brow as he suddenly remembered something.
“You know… after Uncle Kaz passed, the orphanage started receiving money from an anonymous
source. It was being washed through a bunch of different accounts, but it all led back to one source;
a government official by the name of Minoru Daidoji. Once we figured that out, the money stopped
showing up.”
Kasuga hummed. “You think this Daidoji guy might’ve been a friend of your Uncle Kaz?”
Taichi shrugged. “Maybe… but Daidoji passed away the same year Uncle Kaz did.”
“Daidoji…” Joongi muttered. “I’ve heard that name before.”
“Well he was a war hero,” Adachi explained, then frowned. “Mm. ‘Hero’ is relative, I guess… he
was an admiral in the Imperial Navy, back during the war. He masterminded a lot of Japan’s
territorial gains in the Pacific, and he was one of the strongest advocates against an unconditional
surrender after the US dropped the a-bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.”
“Sounds to me like he wanted to keep the war going forever,” Kasuga said.
“Yeah, and at the time, that made him a national hero. He founded what would become the
Citizens’ Liberal Party in the 50s, and his image as a war hero is what kept them in power for pretty
much our entire lives.” He chuckled. “Well, until Ryo Aoki pulled that stunt three years ago, that is.
Crazy, how one man could topple a dynasty in under a year like that.”
“But why would Daidoji be sending money to some random orphans in Okinawa?” Taichi asked.
Adachi pondered this. “Well, in his later years, he was known as something of a government fixer,”
he explained. “If somebody in the CLP wound up in trouble, it had some kind of scandal, he was
the one that’d make it go away.”
“And if he was already dead when the Young Master’s scandal hit,” Kasuga surmised, “Then that’d
be why it was what ended up taking the CLP down.”
“Bingo.”
“And what’s that got to do with us?” Taichi asked again.
Adachi sighed. “Well… this is purely speculation… But if your Uncle Kaz really did fake his
death… He’d need to’ve had help, right?”
“I guess that makes sense,” Taichi said as he crossed his arms.
“And the scandals that Daidoji had a hand in covering up were too big for one man to handle,”
Adachi continued. “He’d need followers in the government who could carry out his orders… and

execute his will. So what if Daidoji isn’t a person anymore… What if… It’s a group? One that
Kazuma Kiryu made a deal with.”
“Huh?”
“If Hanawa works for that group, it suddenly makes sense why he was so bent out of shape on us
getting involved here in Okinawa. He’s here on behalf of Kazuma Kiryu. Kiryu disappears, and the
Daidoji protect the orphans.”
“And in return, Kiryu-san does their dirty work!” Kasuga suddenly realized. That’s why he showed
up when he did three years ago. Aoki’s actions threatened the stability of the CLP’s government, so
the Daidoji had to step in—and used Kazuma Kiryu to do it. Suddenly, everything made sense to
Kasuga. “Wait… does that mean Kiryu-san thinks we’re threats?”
“Can ya blame the guy?” Zhao asked. “Last time we saw the guy, he’d just stopped you from
bumping a guy off.”
Joongi Han sighed. “Not to mention, if he’s the guardian of Haruka and Haruto Sawamura, then
that would mean he and the previous Joongi Han weren’t exactly friends.”
Taichi tilted his head. “Wait, have you guys met him?”
“We’re not 100% certain,” Kasuga answered, “but we’re pretty sure, yeah. He helped us out a few
years back. Showed up when I was in a bad spot, beat the shit out of me, got me back to my senses
and helped me solve a mystery we were working on.”
Taichi laughed and nodded. “Yup, that sounds like Uncle Kaz, alright!” He then looked at Joongi
Han. “Why wouldn’t he like you, though?”
Joongi sighed. “Let’s just say he had a… bad experience with the organization I used to work for.”
Adachi chuckled. “An ex-yakuza, two gangsters from the mainland, and a cop with a habit of
poking his nose too deep into other people’s business… Shit, is it any wonder he doesn’t trust us?”
Taichi stood up. “Well, I think that’s bull. You guys seem trustworthy, and I think once Uncle Kaz
actually meets you guys, he’ll see that!”
“Kid, he ain’t gonna meet us,” Adachi said, shaking his head. “If he’s supposed to be dead, you can
be damn sure he’s not going to be hanging around in Okinawa. The Daidoji are gonna do the
talking for him, and they don’t seem too keen on having a friendly chit-chat with us.”
“Well, look,” Taichi said, “I’m gonna head around town and ask some people I know, see what I
can dig up about Mabuchi. You guys just kick back and relax for a bit. Hopefully the Daidoji’ll
leave you alone if you just stay away from Morning Glory for now. I’ll meet you guys back here
later.”
“Alright Taichi-san,” Kasuga said. “Be careful.” Taichi gave them a thumbs up, then turned and
left.
“He’s a good kid,” the bartender said as he returned to the bar. “So, what’d I miss, Kasuga-han?”
“Not much,” Kasuga laughed. He stood up, and his companions followed suit.

“Where to next, Kasuga?” Adachi asked.
“I dunno!” Kasuga answered. “Let’s stroll around town and see what kind of crazy shit comes our
way!”

Chapter 17: Ichi's Declassified, Ounabara Survival Guide
Kasuga walked the streets of Ryukyu, looking for something to do. He didn’t care if it was an
arcade game, or a movie, or a fight, he was, simply put, bored. “Man, who knew hunting down
triad bosses could leave you with so much downtime,” he groaned.
He came to a stop at an empty unit in the Kariyushi Arcade, and stared at it. “You know, this place
would be the perfect spot for a bar… Yeah! I can see it now!” He imagined the unit fully
furnished… and himself and Saeko behind the bar, entertaining customers. “Sa-chan did say once
that she’d want to retire in Okinawa… maybe we could open a bar down here! Heh… I’d need to
learn a thing or two about bartending, first, and I don’t even know where you go to learn something
like that.”
“Sounds like you need to get your mixology certificate, Kasuga-kun!” a voice suddenly said from
behind him.
~Substory 03: Ichi’s Declassified Ounabara Survival Guide~
“Wait… don’t tell me…” He turned around and found himself face to face with an old…
acquaintance from when he first came to Ijincho. Upon seeing his side-swept black hair and
glasses, Kasuga knew immediately he was looking at Ikari, who now sported a blue Kariyushi shirt
in place of his previous three-piece suit. Kasuga flashed back to the first time he met him.
“[Excuse me,]” the blonde-haired foreigner greeted in a language Kasuga didn’t understand.
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Hmm?”
“[Can you tell me how to get to the station?]”
“Huh? What nonsense you speakin’?”
After a bit of back and forth like this, Ikari entered the conversation.
“Sounds like somebody needs to brush up on their English,” he said smugly.
“[Can you tell me how to get to the station?]” the foreigner asked Ikari.
Ikari was ready. “[Go! Straighto! And! Turn! Lighto! Go go go! Go your way! Berieve
yourself!!!]”
The foreigner smiled. “[Oh, okay, thank you!]”
Ikari, Ichiban later found out, was a student at the Ounabara Vocational School. Fresh out of school
during an age of a progressively worsening Japanese economy, he found it difficult to find work.
The problem, he surmised, was that his skill set was not fundamentally very different from that of
his other graduating classmates, and so he set out to set himself apart by acquiring various
vocational certificates. With hard work, determination, and a lot of money borrowed from his
parents, Ikari was able to amass an impressive collection of over 100 certificates.

That was more than three years ago. Kasuga had almost forgotten about it. “Ikari? What are you
doing here in Okinawa?” he asked. “You finally doin’ something with all those certificates from
Ounabara?”
“Fancy meeting you here, Kasuga-kun!” Ikari greeted. “As it so happens, I actually work for
Ounabara now! They’ve opened a new branch right here in Ryukyu, and they asked me to become a
recruiter for them!”
Kasuga smiled. “Hey, that’s great! So, you finally got that big break you were after. Man, all your
hard work really paid off. You’re probably making the big bucks now, huh?”
Ikari slowly started to look at his feet. “…”
Kasuga’s smile faded. “…”
“Actually, I’m only part time,” Ikari lamented. “As a result, I’m only making a measly ¥1,100 an
hour.”
“I- I see...” ¥1,100 an hour?! Kasuga thought to himself. I think there are high schoolers flipping
burgers making more than that! Can this guy even feed himself?! “…Well, I’m glad you found a
job!” he said, trying to lighten the mood.
Ikari did not appreciate his optimism. “I’ve been looking for work for five goddamn years, and all I
got was a crappy part-time position at a school nobody goes to!” he exclaimed.
Kasuga was taken aback. “O-Oh.”
Realizing he was lashing out, Ikari quickly reeled himself back in and took a deep breath. “But…
it’s not all bad,” he said after he had calmed himself down. “After all, I get to work in the sun…
I’m five minutes from the beach… and I make commission.”
“Commission, eh?” Kasuga asked.
“Yup! Since we’re just starting out, I get a bonus for every new student I bring in! And… I get to
work with Emi-chan,” he said, with a slightly lust-tinged tone at the end of his sentence.
Who the hell is Emi-chan? Kasuga thought to himself. “Well, hey, listen, if it’ll get you a bonus…
why don’t I sign up for a couple of classes?”
“You’d do that Kasuga?”
Kasuga nodded, grinning at him. “Yeah! The truth is, I, uh, hurt somebody I really care about back
home.”
Ikari crossed his arms. “I can’t say I’m surprised. You look like the sort of brute who’d treat a
woman like that.”
“N-no, not like that, man!” Kasuga denied. “God, I don’t know if I’ve even got it in me to be that
much of a shithead. No, I mean… I messed up. Badly. And it’s got her wondering if we’ve even got
a future together. And I wanna show her that we do, and it’s a great one. Maybe with some more
certifications under my belt, I can be more than just a contractor at an unemployment office for
her.”

“Ah, still naive in the ways of love I see— wait.” Ikari seemed confused. “You’re a contractor?
Kasuga, didn’t you used to run the most profitable holding company in Japan?”
“Ichiban Holdings? Nah, Eri-chan runs that place now.”
“You… you gave up being the CEO of the number one company in Japan?”
“Yeah? They didn’t need me anymore. Also, I was president, not CEO.”
Ikari stared at Kasuga with a look that could only be described as a strange mixture of confusion
and inconsolable rage. Nonetheless, this too passed. He simply waved his murderous thoughts off
and turned to lead Kasuga to the school. “No matter! Follow me, Kasuga!”
“Alright, then,” Kasuga said as he followed Ikari down the road, blissfully unaware of the fact that
his life was nearly taken from him, right then and there.
***
Ounabara Vocational School Okinawa was a rather grandiose-looking building just off of East
Ryukyu Blvd, across from Poppo and Smile Burger. A fountain sat in front of the building itself. As
Kasuga and Ikari entered the grandiose lobby, Kasuga couldn’t help but feel like this lobby was
oddly familiar. It must share an architect with the campus in Ijincho, he thought, although the lobby
was literally 1:1 what he would’ve seen back in Yokohama. Maybe it was a prefab.
As he approached the reception desk, the woman behind the counter - a young, blonde-haired
woman with Caucasian features and a noticeable suntan - greeted them, bowing. “Welcome!” she
said. “Are you here to register for classes?”
Her Japanese was not perfect, and Kasuga was able to immediately deduce that she was not born
here. “Yo. Name’s Kasuga. Forgive me for asking, but… are you American?”
The woman nodded. “Yup! I came from a military family. I was stationed here when I was a kid. I
loved it here so much that when I grew up, I decided to live here! I’ve lived in Japan for almost ten
years now.”
“Well hey, that’s great,” Kasuga encouraged, glancing at her name badge. “…Emily,” he read
slowly, careful not to mispronounce. “Oh, you must be that Emi-chan Ikari mentioned. Right,
Ikari…?” he said as he turned to Ikari… who was staring at Emily and not listening to Kasuga.
“Uh, Ikari?”
“Emi-chan…” Ikari moaned, a lovestruck gaze in his eyes.
“I-Ikari?” He wasn’t getting through to him. Ah, dammit, not again, he thought, shaking his head
and turning back to Emily. “So, listen, Emi-chan. Can I call you that? Sorry, western names throw
me off. It comes out all weird when I say it. [Eh-mee-ree]. I hope you don’t mind.”
Emily tilted her head, a small smile on her face. “Heh. I think that’s sort of cute, actually. But yes,
Emi-chan is fine.”
“Great. So anyway, Emi-chan, I’m here to sign up for classes,” Kasuga explained. “Ikari here is my
referral. Right, Ikari?”

“Yes!” Ikari exclaimed suddenly. “Kasuga-kun here is my ward! I am solely responsible for his
enrollment!”
Emily nodded. “Very good! I’ll make sure to write that in when I’m filling out Kasuga’s
paperwork. Alright, Kasuga. That is your family name, yes?”
“Sure is! First name’s Ichiban.”
“Okay… Ichiban Kasuga… Date of birth?”
“January 1st, 1977.”
“Current occupation?”
“I’m a contractor at Hello Work in Yokohama.”
There were a few more questions after this. When it was all done, Emily wrote Ikari’s name as the
referral. “Okay! All done! Ikari will receive a share of your tuition!”
“Yes!” Ikari cheered. I get to eat today!
“Now then, if you’d follow me, we can begin your free trial examination,” Emily said, smiling as
she led Kasuga to the classroom.
The test was “SEGA Proficiency Tier 2”. Kasuga was unsure what exactly this would do to
improve his career prospects, but he played SEGA games all the time when he was a kid. This is
gonna be easy , he thought to himself as he sat down.
Question 1 , he read, Who is the antagonist of the 1991 video game ‘Sonic the Hedgehog’? Oh,
that’s easy. He circled option B—Dr. Eggman. Question 2, which game is seen as a 3D successor to
the Streets of Rage series? SpikeOut, easy. Question 3… Who is this character? Kasuga was
confronted with the image of a small, red, imp-like animal, with white accents on its fur and a
fluffy white tuft of hair on its head. It also had green wings, and wore an orb-shaped broach of the
same shade of green around its neck.
Who the heck is this guy? Kasuga thought to himself. Based on the art style, he thought it might’ve
been a character from Sonic the Hedgehog… But he didn’t recognize it. From one of the newer
games, then… but the character didn’t appear in Sonic Frontiers , which Kasuga had played to
completion a few weeks ago. So… maybe the character came from one of the games that was
released while Kasuga was in prison? He glanced at the options.
1. Whip
2. Chip
3. Dark Gaia
4. Steve
Kasuga thought about this. On one hand, “Dark Gaia” seemed to be the only unique name on this
list… But that sounded like a name you’d give to a villain, and this guy didn’t look very villainous.
But what if that was the twist at the end of the game? He glanced at option A. The tuft of hair on
his head looked like a dollop of whipped cream… So maybe his name was “Whip”?
Hmm… I think I’ve got it, he thought as he circled what he believed to be the correct answer.

The next two questions were not any easier, but he felt like he did the best he could. Question 4 was
about the video game Phantasy Star Online 2 , and Question 5 was about a game titled Binary
Domain, which Kasuga had never heard of before in his life. When he was done, he turned his test
in. It was quickly graded and handed to him in a brown envelope. He opted to open it in the lobby
for everybody to see.
“You’ve got this, Kasuga-kun!” Ikari said. A group of students had gathered for the unveiling.
Kasuga slowly opened the package, and slowly withdrew the test from within, then confidently
held it in the air, displaying the results for all to see.
He had failed.
The students around him gasped upon seeing the results. “Oh, no,” one groaned.
“That’s terrible!” another gasped.
Ikari simply closed his eyes, and patted Kasuga’s shoulder sympathetically, as everyone started to
leave.
Kasuga was catatonic.
***
Kasuga laid on the futon in the room above the Golden Dragon Bar, too depressed to even move.
Adachi entered the room and crossed his arms.
“Come on, Kasuga,” he said encouragingly. “You’re gonna let one failure really get to you like
that?”
“I’m never gonna prove to Sa-chan that I’m the man for her…” Kasuga groaned.
“You really think that a test about a video game is gonna do you any favors in that department?”
Adachi laugh. “Buddy, you’re up shit’s creek with her, and the paddle isn’t gonna make much of a
difference because you don’t even have a goddamn boat. But, if this stupid test will make you feel
better about your chances with her… We’ve got something that might help.”
“Huh?”
Suddenly, Taichi entered, holding a small, black electronics device. “Kasuga-san! Here! This
should help.”
“The hell’s this?” Kasuga asked, sitting up as Taichi handed the console to him.
“That’s a PlayStation 3,” Taichi explained. “I know you were in jail for most of the 21st century up
until now, so you probably missed a lot of pop culture from that time. So… I dug this out of storage
at the orphanage. Shiro really loved this thing, but he hasn’t turned it on in forever. He won’t miss
it.”
“Thanks, but… How’s this gonna help me get that certificate?”
Taichi grinned and handed him a game box.

“‘Sonic World Adventure?’” Kasuga read. “This must be one of the games they put out when I was
in prison.”
“In other markets, they called it ‘Sonic Unleashed’,” Taichi explained. “Adachi-san told me the test
you failed was a SEGA proficiency test. This is probably a good place to start. And here,” Taichi
handed him another game. “This one’s called ‘Binary Domain’. It was developed by a team at
SEGA called ‘Ryu Ga Gotoku Studio’.”
“Ryu Ga Gotoku, huh?” Kasuga said. In English, the company's name meant "Like A Dragon". “So
they’re basically saying they’re the dragons of game development. Pretty bold of them.”
“Binary Domain was actually sort of a flop when it came out,” Taichi lamented. “It’s a shame. I
actually really liked it. The AI was really advanced for the time, and if you had a headset, you
could issue voice commands to all of your allies. I thought it was so cool… But anyway, this studio
is mostly known for making the Super Monkey Ball games.”
“Hmm… one of the questions on my test was about Binary Domain,” Kasuga said. “And the
character I couldn’t name was definitely a Sonic character… This could help. Alright. I’ll give it a
shot. Thanks, Taichi-san.”
Kasuga studied as much as he could for the certification, playing as many SEGA games as he could
get his hands on and even doing research online about some of their lesser-known hits. He became
especially intrigued with the works produced at Ryu Ga Gotoku Studio, which also included
Kamuro of the Dead and Hama of the Dead , two relatively unknown rail shooters which had a
limited run in select Club SEGA and GiGo arcades between 2018 and 2021. Founded by Toshihiro
Nagoshi and headed since 2021 by Masayoshi Yokoyama, the studio had its roots in games like
SpikeOut and Ollie King, with much of its foundational staff having also worked on games like Jet
Set Radio and even the Virtua Fighter series. It turned out, right after Kasuga went to prison, they
even produced an entry in Nintendo’s cult-classic F-Zero series. He had a feeling they were a studio
worth keeping an eye on.
By the time Kasuga retook the test, he was ready. For every single question they hit him with, he
knew the answer. The imp’s name, he‘d learned, was “Chip”, not “Steve”, and he did in fact
originate in Sonic World Adventure . This time, he was able to turn his test in with confidence, and
when he received the result—a perfect score!—he held it to the sky triumphantly as his new
entourage in the lobby celebrated around him, eventually picking him up and tossing him into the
air like he’d just scored a game-winning touchdown at an American football game.
But he didn’t stop there. He wanted to be a completely new man the next time Sa-chan saw him. So
he dedicated himself to receiving every. Single. Certificate that Ounabara had to offer. He crammed
for, and passed, every single test on the list, starting with an Okinawan trivia test and ending with
the golden goose—the fabled mixology certificate he originally came here for. Saeko was going to
be so impressed. Mr. and Mrs. Kasuga and their new bar in Downtown Ryukyu… He liked the
sound of that.
As he went over his results with Emily, who he'd spoken to, laughed with, and given advice to at
multiple points in the downtime between tests, she seemed quite impressed. “Wow, Kasuga…” she
said as she looked over his record. “That’s every single course we offer. You’ve earned every
certificate there is to learn. You’re very committed to your studies… I like that.”
Kasuga scratched the back of his neck and chuckled. “Heh, yeah, I guess I can be a real brainiac
when it’s for someone I care about.”

Emily gasped and blushed. “R-really?”
Kasuga nodded. “Yeah. The thing is, Emi-chan… the only reason I did all of this was so that I
could provide a better life for the woman I love.”
“O-oh.” This is all so sudden! Emily thought. But… she felt it too. Kasuga’s dedication was
unmatched, and she couldn’t deny the feelings she was developing. “…Kasuga… could you…
come with me, into the examination room?” she asked. “There’s something I need to show you.”
“Huh? Oh, sure thing, Emi-chan.” Kasuga followed her towards the classroom, right as Ikari
entered the lobby.
“Kasuga, I heard about your… Kasuga-kun?” He watched them walk down the hall towards the
classroom. “Where are they going?”
***
Emily leaned against the instructor’s desk, unsure of what her next move should be. Was she really
about to do this? Maybe she was moving too fast…
“What did you want to show me, Emi-chan?” Kasuga asked.
Emily sighed. Her face was red. “Um, Kasuga… A-all that stuff you said, about doing this for the
woman you love… Did you really mean that?”
Kasuga nodded. “With all my heart,” he said earnestly. “I’m not too good at this, honestly. I’m
almost fifty years old, but I still feel like I’ve got a lot of growing up to do before I can be a man
worthy of the woman I love, and… I think this is the first step towards that.”
“Oh, Kasuga-san…” Suddenly, Emily hugged him tightly. “I feel the same way!”
“H-huh?!” he exclaimed, shocked at her behavior. “Emi-chan?! What’s gotten into you?!”
“I know this is wrong, and taboo, and we’re moving so fast,” Emily said as she held him tight. “But
if being with you is wrong, I don’t want to be right!”
“W-whoa, Emi-chan, I think you’ve got the wrong idea!” Why does this keep happening to me?
“Get a hold of yourself! Come on, you don’t want a loser like me!”
She looked up at him, love in her eyes. “You’re not a loser, Kasuga-san. Don’t ever say that about
yourself! You’re the man every woman deserves! You’re working on yourself so much, working so
hard every day, just to be a better man!”
“Yeah, for one woman in particular!” he explained.
“And I’m honored that you’ve chosen me as that woman!”
“Aw, jeez… Look, Emi-chan, there’s another girl!”
Emily froze. “Th… there is? You have a girlfriend already?”
“W-well, no, not really,” Kasuga admitted. “The truth is… she dumped me. I still have a voicemail
on my phone from her that I haven’t even listened to, because I’m afraid of what she’s still got to

say to me. That’s why I’m trying to better myself. The next time I see her… I want to be a new
man.”
Emily smiled. “Well, if you’re single,” she began as she let go of him and leaned back on the table,
her long legs drawing his attention to her skirt and causing him to imagine what lay underneath,
“then there’s no harm in having some fun then, is there?”
Kasuga gulped. Once again, temptation gripped him tightly, and all of the blood that once powered
his brain started to travel elsewhere. “I-I mean… I-I like fun, but…”
“You haven’t even gotten our certificate in… relationship counseling ,” Emily said in a sultry tone,
biting her lip as she did so.
“W-well, if it’s for a certificate,” he said sheepishly as he stepped towards her. “I-I guess I could
stay for just a bit…”
Just outside the room, Ikari had his ear pressed up against the door, and he did not like what he was
hearing. Orgasmic moans and pleasured laughter came from within. “Kasuga,” he heard Emily
moaning on the other side of the door. “Oh, Kasuga, earn that certificate!”
“E-Emi-chan!” Kasuga yelled out.
Ikari’s eyes narrowed. “Kasuga…” he grumbled, rage burning in his heart. “How could you?”
When all was said and done, Kasuga laid on the floor of the classroom, completely exhausted by
the day’s events. He groaned. “I really need to be clearer when I talk to people… And learn some
self-control,” he muttered.
“That was fun,” Emily said, blushing as she buttoned her shirt back up, “but we have to keep it a
secret, okay? If word got out that I had done that with a student, the scandal would be huge.”
“I’m 45…” Kasuga mumbled, exhausted.
***
Ikari was waiting for Kasuga when he left the room. He looked pissed. “Oh, hey, Ikari-san,”
Kasuga greeted. “What’s eatin’ you?”
“What were you doing in there, Kasuga,” he said flatly. His tone was terrifying, and immediately,
Kasuga frowned.
“H-huh?” Oh, shit! He thought. He heard everything! Oh, man, I’m such a piece of shit. How could
I be so dumb?! “Look, Ikari-san… I don’t wanna lie to you… I know you have feelings for Emichan. I didn’t mean for things to happen the way they did.” He placed a hand on his shoulder. “But
I want to be clear; what happened in there was a one time thing. My heart belongs to someone
else… even though she doesn’t want me right now. But regardless...” He gave him a thumbs up and
a goofy smile. “Emi-chan is all yours, buddy!”
“I don’t want your sloppy seconds!” Ikari exclaimed, smacking his hand away. “How could you do
this to me, Kasuga?! Emi-chan was my one and only!”
“I thought Manae-chan was your one and only! What happened to her?!”

“You slept with her.”
Kasuga thought about it. “Oh, yeah. I did, didn’t I? I gotta be honest with you, man… This sort of
thing kind of just happens to me. I didn’t ask to be this irresistible! But unfortunately, those were
the cards I was dealt.”
“I will never forgive or forget this, Ichiban Kasuga,” Ikari growled. “For as long as I live, I will…”
he said, trailing off as a new girl, who appeared to be in her early twenties entered the lobby.
“Excuse me,” she greeted the two of them. “Is this the Ounabara Vocational School?”
“Hm?” Ikari turned to face her. She was beautiful. “O-oh!” he said, a smile creeping across his
face. “Yes! It is!”
“Great,” the woman said. “My name is Ayako. I work at the Morning Glory orphanage, about an
hour out of town. Do you all offer child care certifications?”
“We sure do! Let’s get you signed up… Aya-chan,” he said enthusiastically as he led her to the
reception desk.
“Heh,” Kasuga chuckled. “Ikari-san, you are absolutely hopeless… Oh, shit, wait, did she say
Morning Glory?” Kasuga frowned. “For your sake, Ikari-san… I sure hope Kiryu-san doesn’t find
out about this.”
Deciding that was not his problem, however, Kasuga simply shrugged his shoulders and walked
away.
Just out of view, a tall, muscular man with graying black hair, styled into a messy bowl cut,
wearing a black button-up shirt and slate gray dress pants glared intensely at Ikari as he chatted up
Ayako.
~Substory End~

Chapter 18: Meanwhile, In Prison
Haruka sat alone at a table in the cafeteria at the Tokyo Women’s Detention Center in Katsushika.
She hadn’t been convicted of anything, not yet, but damn if they weren’t treating her like she was.
The schedule was strict, the guards were terrifying… even the food somehow hammered home just
how oppressive her environment was. She stared at a bowl of rice directly in front of her. She liked
rice, but the prospect of eating it every day for the next week, let alone the next ten years? She was
not looking forward to that.
“Hey, Inmate 1240,” a warm voice said near her. She looked up and saw Saeko approaching with
her own bowl of rice.
“Heh… Hey, Saeko,” Haruka greeted, a bit glumly. She felt so guilty even looking at her. She
sighed and looked back down at her rice. “Sorry…”
“Huh? What for?”
“You’re in here because of me…” Haruka said. “If I hadn’t come to Ijincho in the first place…”
“Oh, stop that,” Saeko chuckled as she sat down next to her. “I’m friends with Ichiban. I knew I’d
probably end up in one of these places one way or another.”
“Where’s Seonhee?”
Saeko shrugged. “Haven’t seen her since wake-up. If I had to guess, she’s probably being
questioned about her links to organized crime.”
“That’s so wrong… all of this is because of me.” Tears started to well up in Haruka’s eyes. “Her,
Nanba-san, you… even Kaito-san’s on the run because of me. None of you did anything wrong.”
“You seem to be forgetting that you didn’t do anything wrong either,” Saeko responded as she ate.
“This is all Ebina’s fault… and you said Sawashiro was there, too?”
“Yeah. You know him?”
“He was Ichiban’s captain in the Arakawa Family,” Saeko explained.
“Kaito-san told me he was from the Arakawa Family, yeah. He also told me that he killed the
Seiryu Clan’s previous chairman.”
Saeko nodded. “Chairman Hoshino. God, that image is hard to get out of my head… When we got
there, his corpse was still sitting at his desk. And that prick Sawashiro was just sitting calmly in the
same room, waiting for us to show up so that he could lord it over us.”
“So if he killed the Seiryu Chairman, why is he working for the Seiryu Clan now?”
“He’s probably backing Ebina up in the civil war that’s brewing. That’s my guess, anyway.”
Haruka nodded. “Maybe.”

“And now that you’re taking the fall for the murder… Ebina’s ascending to that captain’s seat. He’s
just one rung away from being Chairman himself.”
“That stinks,” Haruka grumbled. “…I need to find out if he really did kill Yuta-kun.”
“How are you gonna do that?”
“On that mission where he got sick… he was with three others. Goro Majima, Taiga Saejima, and
Daigo Dojima. If I could just talk to them, I bet I could figure out if Ebina was involved.”
“Well, we can’t do that as long as we’re in here,” Saeko replied.
“We?”
“Yeah. We. What, you think I’m gonna let you hunt down the Mad Dog of Shimano all by
yourself?”
“Saeko…”
“But… suppose you do learn the truth about Yuta’s death. What do you do next?”
Haruka looked up at Saeko. She had a worried look on her face. “I’m not sure,” she admitted.
“What even could I do?”
“I really don’t like the look you get in your eyes when you mention Ebina now,” Saeko said.
“Huh?”
“It’s… it’s a look I’ve seen on Ichiban before.”
Saeko remembered three years ago, when Ichiban confronted that Omi Alliance goon, right after
Masumi Arakawa and Chairman Hoshino had been murdered. Kasuga punched the guy so hard he
flew back several feet and landed on his back. His nose was broken.
“Stop…” the man begged as he struggled to stand up. “I’ve told you everything I know…”
“They turned this city into a hellhole,” Kasuga growled as he approached the man, referring to
Kume and those motherfuckers at Bleach Japan. He grabbed the man, pulled him back up onto his
feet and held him close to his face. “And all that’s left in the dust are you useless fuckin’ grunts?!”
He punched him again, sending him to the ground again. “This isn’t a goddamn joke!” He got
down on the ground and started wailing on him. Saeko, Nanba, and Adachi stepped forward, he
thought, to back him up as they usually would.
But not this time.
“Stop it, Ichiban!” Nanba yelled.
Saeko, similarly, was not happy with this turn of events. “Ichiban!” she exclaimed.
Kasuga looked up and glared at them. Saeko gasped. That look in his eyes… Pure hatred. It was
horrifying.
“Icchan… please…” she muttered, tears welling up in her eyes.

“Shut up!” Kasuga yelled at her. Even his own friends were turning against him. Fuck them. They
were all fake as fuck. “Me and the young master… Masato Arakawa and I need to have some
words!” He looked back at his victim. He was going to enjoy caving his fucking skull in. “He
doesn’t understand a goddamn thing,” he said darkly.
The man screamed in terror as Kasuga readied his fist for the killing blow.
“Don’t!” Adachi yelled.
Suddenly, somebody grabbed his arm, preventing him from landing that blow. Then, before he
could see who his assailant was, Kasuga was thrown across the road, away from the would-be
corpse on the ground. “Who did that?!” he called out, his rage impossible to quell.
Saeko realized she should probably leave out who it was that had prevented Kasuga from killing a
man. “So anyway, this… uh, bodyguard that Captain Watase had hired… He stopped Ichiban from
crossing that line.” She chuckled. “I was so scared, for a minute.”
“Scared that Kasuga’d hit you next?”
Saeko shook his head. “I was scared of… of losing my best friend, to whatever darkness was
welling up inside of him. I wasn’t even thinking about what he might’ve done to me if I tried to
stop him. I was about to knock some sense into him myself, if that guy hadn’t done so for me.”
Haruka nodded. “Sounds a lot like a story Uncle Kaz told me, when I was little… He was about to
kill a guy the same way, back when he was in the Tojo Clan. His sworn brother stopped him.”
“You know… I knew that Ichiban had come from a violent world,” Saeko said. “I knew the second
I saw the tattoo on his back. But it didn’t really hit me until that moment. At the end of the day,
though… He’s a good person who nearly made a big mistake. And I’m not sure he could’ve
handled the weight of his actions, had that guy not stopped him.”
Saeko turned her head back to Haruka, a pleading look on her face. “Haruka… Seonhee, Nan-chan
and I… We’ll follow you to the ends of the Earth. We have your back, no matter what, just like we
did Ichiban… So please, when we get out…”
“If—.” Haruka interrupted.
“When we get out,” Saeko repeated, “please, don’t go after Ebina.”
“Why not?”
“Because there’s only one reason for you to seek him out, now,” Saeko explained. “And it’s not a
good one. And just like that guy had to knock sense into Ichiban… We’ll knock some sense into
you. Because we’re your friends.”
“And sometimes, friends need to be put in their place,” Haruka chuckled, remembering what Saeko
had told her a few days ago. It felt like so much longer than that. “Okay, Sa-chan. I promise. I
won’t go after Ebina.” Then, she started to think about Saeko’s story a bit more. “Say, Sa-chan…”
“Hmm?”
“The man who stopped Kasuga that day… He wouldn’t happen to have been wearing a gray suit,
was he?”

Saeko’s eyes widened. “Y-you know, I don’t, uh…” she stammered as Haruka tilted her head and
smiled. Saeko sighed. She didn’t want to lie to her anymore. “Y-yeah… Tall, yakuza-looking guy,
gray suit… Somebody you know?”
“I think you know the answer.”
Saeko immediately shrunk. “I- I’m sorry! I didn’t want to go along with this lie in the first place,
but I did anyway. That’s my fault. The truth is, Haruka… Kazuma Kiryu is—!”
“I know,” Haruka said softly. “Seonhee let it slip.”
“Seriously?” Saeko asked, suddenly annoyed. “God dammit Seonhee! Look, Haruka… I’m sorry. I
know it was fucked up of us to hide that from you. If you don’t want me around anymore, I totally
understand. Just know that… I was afraid that if I told you what I knew, but Kiryu-san never turned
up… It’d be like getting your hopes up and then dashing them again. I didn’t want to do that to
you.”
“I’m not mad, Sa-chan,” Haruka reassured. “Not at you, anyway. Uncle Kaz, however… Well, let’s
just say that when I see him again, I’m gonna have some words for him.”
“Yeesh… I can only imagine… Maybe I should’ve kept my mouth shut…”
Haruka laughed at this.
“So… Do you have any idea where Goro Majima and the others even are?” Saeko asked.
“Supposing you still want to learn the truth about Yuta, that is.”
“Not a clue. But somebody’s gotta know…”
“Alright then. When we get out… Let’s find them,” Saeko said, a determined look on her face.
“You, me, Nanba, and Seonhee. We’ll find them together.”
“Heh. It’s a date.”

Chapter 19: Triads &amp; Tribulations
Chapter Notes

Slight trigger warning: There is a very brief and mostly non-graphic, but still plot-significant
depiction of a violent suicide by an unnamed character in this chapter. It occurs at the end of
the chapter's battle scene following some dialogue from Zhao and can be easily skipped over.
The action occurs two paragraphs after the sentence "I’m a dead man for having been
defeated" and is further discussed through the rest of the chapter. The violence as described is
less than one would see on screen in a Like A Dragon game but I know the subject matter is
uniquely sensitive for some. With that being said, a summary of the chapter has been included
in the end notes at the bottom if the reader chooses to skip this chapter entirely.
I am quite new at this and don't really know how to properly write a trigger warning so I
apologize if this is inadequate.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Kasuga, his friends, and Taichi sat at an outdoor cafe just off of Ryukyu Boulevard, discussing their
findings in the search for any information about Mabuchi.
“Nothing,” Taichi sighed. “I even went to speak to the patriarch of the Ryudo Family… He said he
hasn’t seen anything.”
“Well, it’s possible Mabuchi just hasn’t hit Okinawa yet,” Adachi admitted. “Although, he was in
Hiroshima last, and hasn’t been seen since then…”
“Maybe he doesn’t know about Haruto?” Taichi said hopefully. “I don’t think the Hirose Family
would’ve sold Yuta’s child out like that.”
“See, thing is, we spoke with somebody from the Hirose Family before coming here,” Adachi
explained. “Mabuchi was in Onomichi, but he didn’t question any of them while he was there. My
guess is he’s got informants higher up in the Yomei Alliance.”
Kasuga had a serious look on his face. “What if he’s got people in Okinawa already?”
“It’s certainly possible,” Joongi mused. “But that’s what we’re here for. The second we see
anything’s amiss…”
“…We get his ass,” Zhao finished.
“Say, Zhao-san,” Taichi said, “you said Mabuchi used to be one of your underlings, right? So
you’re a triad boss yourself?”
“Former triad boss,” Zhao corrected. “I gave that shit up three years ago.”
“So… when you catch Mabuchi… what do you plan to do with him?”

“Don’t ask questions you don’t want the answer to, Taichi-kun,” Zhao said curtly.
“But I do want the answer,” Taichi insisted. “I can handle it.”
Zhao chuckled and looked away from Taichi. “Honestly… I’m not sure myself. Mabuchi was like a
brother to me, once upon a time. I could’ve dealt with him once before, but instead I chose to exile
him. I just… couldn’t deal with the other option. But now he’s defying me, and putting a kid in
danger. When it comes down to it… My hands may be tied.” Zhao unbuttoned a few buttons on his
shirt and opened it just enough so Taichi could see the handle of a handgun that he’d been
concealing, sitting in a small holster that was strapped across his chest.
“Zhao!” Kasuga exclaimed in a hushed tone. “What the fuck?!”
“This is only a last resort,” Zhao continued, ignoring him, “but a last resort’s all we may have.”
Taichi seemed unfazed. “It won’t come to that,” he said confidently.
“It’ll be entirely up to him,” Zhao said darkly. “This isn’t anything I haven’t had to do before.”
“Hey, put that thing away, huh?” Adachi said quietly. “Are you nuts? The kid doesn’t need to see
that. Besides… we’ve got company.”
Zhao buttoned his shirt back up and the group looked over to see Hanawa and a young woman,
probably in her early twenties, approaching their table. Hanawa did not look happy with them.
Kihei Hanawa
Daidoji Faction Agent
“Yo, Hanawa-san,” Kasuga greeted. “Take a seat, man, let me buy you a drink.”
“I thought I told you to leave town,” Hanawa growled. “And where’d you learn my name?”
“You dropped this,” Kasuga said as he held up Hanawa’s card. “Oh, and watch what you say,” he
further taunted. “Taichi-san’s not meant to know about what you guys are doing here, right?”
Hanawa snatched his card from Kasuga’s hands. “Do I need to teach you another lesson?”
“I have no reason to fight you right now,” Kasuga said calmly. “You’d just kick my ass again
anyway. Relax. Have a seat. Who’s your friend? Another Daidoji agent?”
Hanawa didn’t seem surprised that Kasuga had learned about the Daidoji. He glared at him for a
moment, then sighed and sat down, as did his companion. “What do I have to do to make you
leave?”
“We’re on the same side, Hanawa-san,” Kasuga said, trying to reason with him. “You, me… and
Kiryu-san.”
“I already told you I don’t know who that is,” Hanawa lied, glancing at Taichi.
“Still with this bullshit, man?” Kasuga asked.

“It’s okay, Kasuga-san,” Taichi said. “He’s just doing his job. Hanawa-san… I get that the Daidoji
are probably limited in what they can say around me… But I’m sticking with Kasuga and the
others. So if you wanna force them out of Okinawa, you have me to deal with too. So why don’t
you guys just work together, huh? Surely that’s easier at this point.”
Hanawa grumbled. “You’re all testing my patience,” he said.
“He has a point, Hanawa-san,” the woman beside him said. She had shoulder-length black hair with
a left part in front, and she wore similar formal attire to Hanawa—a black suit with a blue shirt,
buttoned all the way up except the top two buttons. Taichi couldn’t keep his eyes off of her—she
was beautiful. “We’re stretched thin as it is, and Taichi-san’s already involved himself.” She turned
to face Taichi causing him to quickly avert his eyes.
“Taichi-san shouldn’t be a part of this at all, Chihiro-san,” Hanawa said.
The woman smiled at Taichi. “It’s too late for that, isn’t it?”
Chihiro Watanabe
Daidoji Faction Agent
“Chihiro,” Kasuga said. “You look young. Must be a new recruit.” Then, his tone turned a bit more
accusatory. “Let me ask you something, Chihiro-chan. Is that even your real name, or did you steal
a dead person’s identity like Hanawa-san?”
“No comment,” Chihiro responded, taking her eyes off of Taichi to smirk at Kasuga, causing Taichi
to let out a breath he wasn’t even aware he’d been holding in.
“Fine.” Kasuga turned his attention back to Hanawa. “Look man, you don’t gotta like us, but we’re
just trying to help. Haruto Sawamura is in danger, and we know the guy that wants him taken out
better than anybody. Let us help.”
“What is your stake in this?” Hanawa asked. “What do you get out of it?”
“Do I need a stake in it?” Kasuga asked. “Maybe I’m just a nice guy who doesn’t want to see a kid
get murdered.” He chuckled and leaned back in his seat as he put on a pair of sunglasses that had
been clipped to his shirt. “Besides… You can’t tell me what to do on my vacation.”
“Do part-timers get vacations?” Chihiro asked.
“Oh, she did her research!” Adachi said, impressed.
“No, she didn’t, or she would know that I’m a contractor, not a part-timer,” Kasuga said
indignantly. “There’s a difference.”
“Is there, though?” Chihiro laughed, tilting her head.
“Yeah! I work full time hours!”
“With none of the benefits that come with it,” Adachi added, a shit-eating grin on his face. “You
don’t get retirement, social security, they can fire your ass at any time for any reason, you’re not
even actually being paid for this vacation…”

“Are you on the Daidoji’s side now or what?” Kasuga said, annoyed.
“Depends. Do they offer retirement benefits?” Adachi jokingly asked Hanawa.
“We are not friends,” Hanawa replied flatly. “Don’t talk to me like we are.”
“Lighten up,” Adachi chuckled.
Taichi laughed as well. “Seriously.”
“This isn’t a joke,” Hanawa suddenly snapped, slamming his fist on the table. “If you don’t leave
Okinawa right now, Ichiban Kasuga—!”
“You’ll what?” Kasuga dared him. “Kill me? Make me ~disappear~? Is that the best you’ve got?
Newsflash, jackass. My life is already in danger just being here, what with Mabuchi gunning for
Haruto-kun and me in the way. I don’t give a shit what you do to me.” He looked up and saw
several men in masks approaching the table from the street. “These your goons?” Kasuga asked,
bored.
“Huh?” Hanawa looked up at the approaching goons. He stood up immediately and took a
defensive stance. “These guys aren’t with me.”
“Well, they don’t look like they’re here for lunch,” Kasuga said in a low voice.
“Ichiban Kasuga,” one of them greeted, before continuing in another language, “[You’re really
making a nuisance of yourself.]”
“‘Scuse me?” Kasuga asked, not understanding what he said.
“It’s Chinese,” Zhao said. “[You’re with Akira Mabuchi?]” he asked in the assailants’ language.
“[Morning Glory is off-limits. Tell Mabuchi that Zhao’s protecting them.]”
The men laughed. “Haha. [Tianyou Zhao, yes? Lao Ma sends his regards.]”
“Excuse me?!” Zhao snarled. “[Tell Mabuchi to give me his regards himself! Or has he forgotten
just who he owes his life to?!]”
“Something tells me those weren’t words of peace and understanding,” Adachi grumbled.
“That might be an understatement,” Kasuga said.
“[Men… kill these fuckers!]”
TRIADS
Everyone stood up from the table as the men transformed and civilians fled the scene. There were
eight men, some wielding dual blades, some had claws, one even had a crossbow, and they had the
party surrounded. “Get out of here, Taichi-san,” Kasuga ordered.
Taichi shook his head. “And leave these guys to you? Screw that.”
“This isn’t the time to be playing hero, man!”

“Uh… isn’t that exactly what you’re doing?” Adachi pointed out. “But he’s right, kid. You need to
get to safety before—.”
“I’m not a kid anymore!” Taichi argued. “These are Mabuchi’s guys, right?” he asked. “That means
that if we don’t stop them right here, they’re gonna hurt Haruto. I can’t let that happen. Like it or
not, I’m fighting by your side. That’s what Uncle Kaz would’ve done!”
Chihiro smiled. “Heh. You’ve got guts… I like that.”
“Th-thanks, Chihiro-san.”
Kasuga had a serious look on his face. “Taichi… You sure about this? There’s no shame in running
to safety.”
“There is when family’s on the line.”
Realizing he wasn’t going to convince Taichi of anything, Kasuga simply nodded. “Alright. Give it
your all, man.”
As enemies were attacking from all directions, the group was effectively split into two. Adachi,
Hanawa, and Joongi fought on one front, while Kasuga, Zhao, Taichi, and Chihiro fought on
another. “So, do you have gadgets like the rest of the Daidoji?” Kasuga asked Chihiro.
“I’m still fairly new, so I don’t get to use the REALLY cool toys,” she lamented, “but I have a few
tricks up my sleeve.” She then got into a horse stance, and made her first move, attacking one of
the triads with several open-palm strikes before blocking one of his own attacks with an
outstretched arm and punching him, sending him backwards into one of his enemies.
“Changquan,” Zhao said, impressed. “Didn’t think a government agency full of Japanese
nationalists would teach Chinese martial arts.”
“I learned how to fight way before I joined the Daidoji,” Chihiro corrected. “You had to, growing
up the way I did.”
“Guess we have that in common,” Kasuga chuckled.
“My turn!” Taichi exclaimed. Perhaps unsurprisingly to any who knew him growing up, everything
he knew about fighting involved the various wrestling arts in some way, although his stance was
rather amateurish, which was to be expected, since he’d never been in a serious fight before. He
was all about grappling and pinning people, which was exactly what he did to the triad who ran at
him from his right. He reacted quickly and grabbed the man by the arm, spinning him around and
sending him straight into the ground, pinning him. He then quickly stepped away before the triad
could get up to react.
Kasuga swung his bat at the same man Taichi had attacked, catching several others in the midst of
his rather wide swing. Taichi’s opponent was knocked out, but the others got back up.
“[Die, asshole!]” one of them shouted as he aimed his crossbow at Taichi. The bolt almost missed,
grazing his arm.
“Agh!” Taichi groaned.
“Taichi-san! You good?!” Kasuga asked, worried.

“I’m fine,” Taichi said as he examined the wound. It seemed to just be a scratch… but his suit was
ruined. “Man!” he groaned. “This jacket was brand new, too.”
“What were you all dressed up for, anyway?” Chihiro asked, raising an eyebrow.
“I, uh…” Taichi sighed. “I was planning to hit up a cabaret club after this.”
“Oh, hey, are there any good ones around here?” Adachi asked as he knocked out one of his
assailants with his baton.
“Not the time, guys,” Joongi admonished as he too took out a triad.
Taichi nodded. “Right. Yo, Kasuga! Tag in!”
Kasuga smirked. “Gotcha.” The two of them ran at one of the triads and grabbed him. Kasuga
punched him in the side of the head, while Taichi grappled with him and forced him to the ground.
For just that moment, Taichi imagined he was in the ring at the championship match, and the crowd
went wild for him.
“Taichi! Taichi! Taichi!”
Kasuga, who in this imaginary scenario was now wearing a black and white striped referee’s
uniform, got down to their level as the triad struggled under Taichi’s grip. “One!” he called out as
he smacked the ground. “Two! Three!” He blew a whistle. “You are OUT OF HERE!” he yelled as
the triad passed out from the pressure. Taichi held his arms up in victory as the crowd cheered for
him. Kasuga then handed him the championship belt. “Here! You earned it!” he congratulated as
the daydream came to an end.
The seven of them continued to work together to fight off the remaining triads. The last one was
taken out by Zhao, who slashed at him with his broadsword, sending him to the ground as he
gripped his wound.
“Alright, now I’m only gonna ask you this once,” Zhao said as he stood over the triad. “Where’s
Mabuchi?”
“[Fuck you!]” the triad spat.
Zhao got down and grabbed him by the shirt, glaring at him. “Do you think I’m fucking joking?
[Where. Is. Mabuchi?]”
“[The Saio Triad will fill the power vacuum created by the Great Dissolution!]”
“What?!”
The man laughed. “[If you think Lao Ma is your biggest problem… Then you don’t know shit!]”
“[What are you guys planning?!]” Zhao demanded. “[And why does Haruto Sawamura have to die
for it?!]”
“[Do you think we’d have waited this long if he was to be killed?]” the triad chuckled. “[Do
whatever you want to me. I’m a dead man for having been defeated.]”
“Excuse me?”

Then, suddenly, the man reached into Zhao’s shirt and grabbed his gun, shooting and killing
himself before Zhao could even react.
“Whoa!” Taichi exclaimed, recoiling.
“Fuck!” Zhao yelled as he dropped the body and wiped the man’s blood from his face. “Ah, shit,
sorry you had to see that, kid…”
“Guys, look!” Adachi exclaimed.
The rest of the men they had been fighting suddenly coughed up blood, then went limp, their eyes
still wide open.
Every single one was dead. Kasuga’s eyes widened. “What the fuck?!”
“What happened?!” Taichi asked.
“No visible wounds… If I had to guess, I’d say they poisoned themselves, to keep us from
interrogating them,” Adachi deduced. “Fuck, this isn’t pretty…”
Hanawa looked around. Civilians were starting to crowd the area. Some just stared in shock, others
were shielding their childrens’ eyes, a few were phoning the police, and one was filming the
incident on his smartphone. “We need to get out of here,” he said. “The police will be here any
minute.”
Taichi looked around at the carnage. “This escalated way too fucking fast…”
“You gonna be okay?” Kasuga asked.
“Yeah, I’ll be fine…” he said quietly as he averted his eyes from the dead bodies—especially the
body of the man who’d shot himself. “Let’s get back to the Golden Dragon. We can lay low there.”
Kasuga nodded. “Right.”
Hanawa turned to Chihiro. “I need to get back to the safehouse and report what happened here.
Make sure Taichi gets to safety.”
Chihiro nodded. “Got it.” She turned to Kasuga and Taichi. “Looks like I’m with you guys, for
now.”
“Let’s get going, then,” Kasuga said.
“Hey, Kasuga…” Hanawa said. “You got Taichi wrapped up in this. You’re in a lot of fucking
trouble if you can’t get him out of it.” He left, and the rest started to make their way away from the
scene, still reeling from what just happened.
Taichi and Chihiro joined the party!

Chapter End Notes

Trigger-free summary: Kasuga’s party and Taichi are meeting at a cafe to discuss their
findings relating to Mabuchi and the threat posed to Morning Glory. Taichi reveals he met
with Patriarch Nakahara of the Ryudo Family, who did not have relevant information, and asks
Zhao what he intends to do with Mabuchi. Zhao reveals to the party that he brought a handgun
to Okinawa, and that he plans to kill Mabuchi if he cannot be reasoned with, a plan which
Kasuga, Adachi, and Taichi all object to. It is made obvious through Zhao’s dialogue that he
does not wish to kill Mabuchi either.
Hanawa and another Daidoji agent, a young woman named Chihiro Watanabe who Taichi
takes a liking to, arrive and threaten Kasuga, which does not faze him; Chihiro takes on a
"good cop" persona and immediately hits it off with Taichi. During the discussion, the group is
attacked by several triads who taunt Zhao about Mabuchi. Kasuga urges Taichi to leave, but
Taichi refuses and fights alongside them. He fights using wrestling-influenced attacks, while
Chihiro fights with changquan.
After the battle, the triads reveal their links to the Saio Triad and claim they have no intent to
harm Haruto Sawamura, and then take their own lives before they can be further interrogated,
leaving the group to deal with the aftermath. With police on the way, Hanawa returns to a
Daidoji Faction safehouse, while the rest retreat to the Golden Dragon bar. Taichi joins the
party, as does Chihiro who does so under Hanawa’s orders to ensure Taichi’s safety.

Chapter 20: Cooldown At the Golden Dragon
Taichi was three drinks in before he noticed that his hands were shaking, and nobody at the bar
could blame him. He’d just witnessed several people die by their own hands, one of them quite
violently. Even if they were trying to hurt him, even though they’d have hurt Haruto, it was still
shocking to see, and not what he felt they deserved. Kasuga told him that things would get
dangerous, but he somehow hadn’t braced himself to see a life taken away right in front of him. Not
just that, but the party just… left the bodies there. Sure, there were people watching, but it all felt a
bit disrespectful.
“Hey, Taichi-san,” Chihiro suddenly said from his right, snapping him out of his thoughts. “You
okay?”
Taichi sighed. “Yeah. I mean, I will be…” he said. “I’m just a little freaked out by what happened
with those triads.”
Chihiro nodded. “Yeah. I know what you mean. I can’t really talk about my past now that I’m a
Daidoji agent, but I will say that I grew up in… Kind of a rough environment. People got killed
around me all the time. The first time you see it, it’s harrowing.”
“Yeah.”
“You know… you’re pretty tough, Taichi-san.”
Taichi raised an eyebrow. “Huh?”
Chihiro smiled at him. “You’re handling this a lot better than most people would, I think.”
“That’s not good, right?” Taichi muttered. “I’m freaked out, and my heart is beating really fast,
but… I feel fine, otherwise. Like I just need to calm down, and everything will be okay. Does that
make me a bad person?”
Chihiro chuckled. “What, that you’re not traumatized? No. It doesn’t. It just means you’re
processing it a little better.”
They were silent for a moment as they sipped on their drinks.
“Is that what made you join the Daidoji?” Taichi asked, breaking the silence.
“Huh?”
“Wanting to get away from the environment you grew up in?”
Chihiro nodded. “In a sense. The truth is, I should be dead. There was a fire. Can’t say when, can’t
say where. But… a lot of people died. Officially, that includes me.”
“So… You faked your death,” Taichi deduced.
“Yeah. I wanted to get away from where I was, and that fire was my ticket out. I escaped the
flames, but left behind some of my clothes to make it seem like I’d perished. When I saw my name

—my real name—on the news… I knew I was free.” Chihiro took a sip from her drink. “I mostly
drifted from town to town after that, trying to find work where I could, but… That’s pretty
goddamn hard when you’re not supposed to exist. Guess I didn’t think that far ahead.
“About two years ago, I ended up in Osaka. With no money and nowhere to go, I wound up
bumming around with the city’s homeless for a bit. Then, one day, one of them got a little handsy.
Started feeling me up.” She scoffed. “Old pervert thought I wouldn’t fight back because I was so
young.”
“I take it you whooped his ass?”
She smirked. “Oh, hell yeah I did. And I made sure everybody saw. Nobody wanted to touch me
after that. But… Somebody else saw, too. A woman named Akame.” She briefly remembered
Akame, a fiery Osakan redhead with a dress sense as loud as she was. “Akame-san was apparently
the city’s information network, and she also watched over the homeless population… Which meant
she saw everything. She approached me a few days later, telling me she was impressed with how
well I could fight, given my age. Said if I wanted to make some money, and help others like me, I
should come work for her. I didn’t have a whole lot of other options at the time, so I did.
“Mostly, I was settling disputes between the other homeless,” Chihiro continued. “Sometimes I’d
get to fight somebody really challenging. Sometimes I’d have to tail people and figure out what
they were up to, almost like a detective. Honestly, I didn’t care what I was doing, as long as I got
paid. Last year, she told me an old friend was in town, and that his organization needed bodies. Not
only that, but this organization was willing to furnish a new identity for me. That’s when I met
Hanawa-san and joined the Daidoji Faction. And so, I became Chihiro Watanabe, the woman you
see today.”
“So… who was the real Chihiro Watanabe?”
“Hm?”
Taichi crossed his arms. “Hanawa-san stole his identity from a guy in Yokohama who’d had a heart
attack. Where’d your name come from?”
Chihiro shrugged. “I never asked. You learn not to with these guys. It’s not a bad gig, though.
Mostly I just shadow Hanawa-san. When I’m not on a mission, I’ve got a spending account that I
can use for basically whatever, and since everyone I knew died in that fire, I don’t have to hide my
face when I go out. In that regard, I’m pretty lucky. Other people in the faction still have loved ones
that they gotta stay faaaaar away from.”
Like Uncle Kaz, Taichi guessed, though he didn’t say this out loud, knowing that Chihiro wouldn’t
—and couldn’t—tell him the truth about that. “Why are you telling me this?” Taichi asked. “Isn’t
your past meant to be a secret?”
“It is a secret. I left out all of the really juicy details. You don’t even know how old I am.”
“24,” Taichi guessed.
“Close!” Chihiro giggled. “22.”
A year younger than me, Taichi thought. He was 23, and yet she’d already experienced so much
more than he had. That put a lot of things into perspective. “Thanks, Chihiro-san,” he thanked.

“That actually helped calm my nerves a bit.”
“No problem, Tai-chan.”
“T-Tai-chan?” Taichi sputtered. That’s a bit personal! Chihiro smirked at Taichi’s awkwardness.
She seemed to be getting a kick out of this. He decided to change the subject. “Say, Zhao-san?” he
called, drawing his attention from a table nearby. “What were you and those triads talking about? I
heard Haruto’s name come up.”
Zhao sighed. “He said… He was with the Saio Triad.”
“Saio Triad? That’s the triad group that Yuta’s father ran.”
“Well, if that’s who Mabuchi’s working with, at least now we know why they want Haruto-kun out
of the picture,” Kasuga said.
“Do we?” Chihiro asked. “I mean, Haruto’s growing up with a Japanese family, and that goes
double with Yuta out of the picture. There are zero universes where Haruto is a threat to any triad’s
power.”
“Well, that’s the thing,” Zhao continued. “They said if they really wanted Haruto-kun dead,
Mabuchi would have killed him already.”
“Then… What are they doing in Okinawa?” Kasuga asked. “If they’re just trying to fill the void the
yakuza left, this place already has a yakuza family they’d be competing with.”
Taichi crossed his arms and thought about it. “And the Ryudo Family said they haven’t seen any
triads… You’d think they’d have made a move on the local yakuza already if that’s what they were
trying to do.”
“Well, if Haruto Sawamura’s not in danger, that means you all can go home, right?” Chihiro said.
“Not a chance,” Kasuga said, shaking his head. “You think I’m gonna take their word for it? Nah.
We’re staying put until we know for sure.”
“Good choice,” the bartender said as he stepped back behind the bar to serve up more drinks. “Hell,
even when ya do know for sure, it can’t hurt ta stick around. Business is better than it’s ever been
with you guys here, Kasuga-han.”
Kasuga chuckled. “Sorry to disappoint, but we do still have lives up in Yokohama that we gotta get
back to eventually.”
“Yeah,” Adachi laughed. “I have my agency to get back to, Zhao’s got his restaurant, Joongi…
well, he’s gotta get back to whatever Seonhee tells him he’s gotta do.” He grinned at Kasuga. “And
you’ve got damage control to get to with Saeko.”
Kasuga sighed. “Yeah… And, of course, we gotta build a good defense for Haruka Sawamura.”
“Might be tough,” Adachi lamented. “Saw something on the news about the prosecutor handling
her case. Mafuyu Fujii. She’s only failed to get a conviction once in her entire career.”
Taichi frowned. “Shit…”

“Here’s the interesting thing, though… The defense attorney in that case was one of the guys the
cops are after. Takayuki Yagami, a lawyer-cum-detective based out of Kamurocho.”
“He’s worked for Yokohama 99, too,” Zhao commented. “Saw him in You Tian once or twice.”
Kasuga shrugged. “Crazy coincidence, I guess.”
“More than that… We might be able to argue that the whole thing’s a revenge play, or at least that
there’s a conflict of interest,” Adachi explained. “Best case scenario, the charges fall apart. Worst
case scenario, Fujii gets taken off the case and a less competent prosecutor takes over.”
“No offense, Adachi-san, but that seems a bit unrealistic. Are you sure you were a cop, or did you
get all of your legal knowledge from courtroom TV dramas?”
“Well, do YOU have any ideas?”
Kasuga sighed. “Not really…” he said, though he then glanced at Chihiro and his defeated look
was replaced with one of deep thought. “Say… how much influence does the Daidoji have?”
“Hmm?” Chihiro hummed. “Uh, well, ever since the CLP lost the election… less than we used to?”
“What about in places where the CLP still holds local power?” Adachi asked. “The Governor of
Tokyo’s still CLP, right?”
“Uh, she was,” she replied. “She went independent to improve her electoral prospects.”
“But she’s probably still in the Daidoji’s pocket, right?”
“What are you asking me, exactly?”
“Get Hanawa-san on the phone.”
The bartender raised an eyebrow. “Should I leave?”
Kasuga nodded. “Yeah… No offense, but… These guys are kind of assholes about outsiders being
up in our business. Sorry to, uh, kick you out of your own bar.”
The bartender shrugged. “Whatever. I got shoppin’ I need to do anyway. I’ll be back later.”
He stepped out from behind the bar and left, the door slowly coming to a close behind him.
***
One phone call and one explanation later, Hanawa was unmoved. “Absolutely not,” he said flatly.
The suggestion, which Kasuga thought was a pretty good idea, was to blackmail Tokyo’s new
governor—who publicly disavowed the Citizens’ Liberal Party, but behind the scenes still had close
ties to the Daidoji Faction—into pushing for the release of Haruka Sawamura and Kasuga’s other
friends who’d been imprisoned with her. The issue, as Hanawa put it, was that the sudden release of
a murder suspect and her accomplices would place an even greater deal of media attention on the
case than there already was, with an added spotlight on the governor. Even the best-case scenario
would see the governor ousted and the Daidoji losing a valuable asset in Tokyo, while the worstcase scenario would see the Daidoji Faction’s entire operation unveiled to the public.

Instead, Hanawa told them, the Daidoji were using their influence in a more subtle way; they hoped
to influence the upcoming trial of Haruka Sawamura by planting an operative on the panel of
judges that was to oversee the case. This was much slower than the alternative, and it would mean
Haruka would continue to serve jail time until the trial, but it was also much safer for all parties
involved.
“But that’s time she has to be away from her son,” Kasuga groaned. “Can’t we speed things up just
a little?”
“If I’m not mistaken, Ichiban Kasuga,” Hanawa said, “you yourself spent eighteen years
incarcerated for a murder you did not commit, from the turn of the century to early 2019, and you
think Haruka Sawamura isn’t strong enough to handle a couple of months?”
“I didn’t say that, I just think—.”
“You know, suddenly I’m not shocked that Mukoda-san won’t even speak to you anymore.”
“Uh…” Kasuga sighed, unable to refute the point, or even ask just how the hell he knew about
that.
Adachi, however, took issue with it. “Exactly what are you trying to say, you goddamn government
stooge? That Kasuga’s worried about Sawamura because he’s sexist? That’s horseshit and you
know it. And to bring Sa-chan into it, who by the way we have fought alongside as an equal since
we first met her, and who’s sitting in the same prison as Haruka is beyond shameful. Do you even
believe the shit you say, or do you just say it because you like putting people down? Huh?!”
Hanawa was silent, and Adachi wasn’t even done. “As a matter of fact, Kasuga wants to help
Haruka Sawamura, and in fact EVERYONE at Morning Glory, meaning Haruto, Taichi-san, and
anyone else who needs it, because he feels like he owes a personal debt to Kazuma Kiryu.”
Taichi’s eyes widened. “Huh? Is that true, Kasuga-san?”
“Kiryu-san might have saved his goddamn life,” Adachi said, turning to Taichi.
“There’s no might about it,” Kasuga corrected. “He did. There’s no doubt in my mind.”
“If you don’t mind me asking, Kasuga-san… what happened?”
“Don’t answer him,” Hanawa said. Though they couldn’t see him through the phone, they knew
from his tone that he was starting to get angry.
“Oh, why not?” Adachi asked. “I thought you didn't know a Kazuma Kiryu. That’s what you said,
right? So what’s the goddamn problem?”
Hanawa went silent once again.
Kasuga sighed. “Taichi-san… Kiryu-san—your dad, I mean—I told you already that he helped me
out when I was in a bad spot, right?”
Taichi nodded. “Yeah. You also said he kicked your ass. I take it based on Hanawa-san’s reaction
that this happened while he was supposed to be dead?”

“Yeah… thing is, ‘bad spot’ doesn’t even begin to describe where I was,” Kasuga explained. “It
was one of the darkest points in my life. When I was in the yakuza, I always told myself, I told the
people around me that the second I killed a guy in cold blood… My life was over. That’s a line you
just can’t come back from once you cross it. To be honest, the next step after that for me would’ve
been…” he said, trailing off before reaching the disturbing conclusion.
Then, he cleared his throat. “Ahem. Obviously I’m no stranger to violence. In that business, you
can’t be. But I never wanted to prey on anyone weaker than me. That, in and of itself, is a sign of
weakness, at least, I like to think so.”
Taichi nodded. “I bet Uncle Kaz would agree.”
Kasuga took another sip from his drink. “…And yet… people are weak, sometimes. A few years
back, I was shaking down some Omi Alliance goons for info about the young mas—uh… about
someone very important to me, who was going down a dark path. I’d just lost Arakawa-san, who
was like a father to me… hell, he probably was my father. And Chairman Hoshino, too…”
Images of Masumi Arakawa and Ryuhei Hoshino flashed in his mind. It was hard for him to
believe they’ve been gone for three years now… Two men who he owed a great deal to, and he lost
both of them in a single week.
“I was so pissed… And I almost took that out on some goon that was being paid by the real
mastermind. Almost killed the poor bastard. I almost crossed that line that I’d drawn for as long as
I’d been in the Arakawa Family. Who knows what I would’ve done after that? Adachi-san, Nanba,
even Sa-chan… Maybe I’d have hurt one of them next. But even if I hadn’t… None of them
would’ve ever looked at me the same again.” Kasuga looked back up at Taichi. “Your Uncle Kaz
helped me up when I was at my lowest. It didn’t seem like it to me at the time, but… He saved my
fuckin’ life, man. I owe him so much just for that.” He sighed and slowly looked back down at his
now-empty glass. “If he has to keep living in the shadows… I want to do what I can to help the
people he loves who live in the sunlight. It’s the least I can do.
“Hanawa-san… can you tell Kiryu-san that even if I never see him again, I’ll never forget what he
did for me?” He chuckled. “Somehow, he seems like the type of guy to overlook the impact he has
on stupid punks like me.”
Hanawa was still silent, but only for a moment. He eventually responded, “If I ever meet such a
man, I’ll be sure to pass the message along. As for Haruka Sawamura… The Daidoji is still
working on it. Have some patience. She’s not going to get a conviction.”
“You promise?” Taichi asked.
“I promise.”
“I hope you understand, Hanawa-san,” Kasuga said, “but as long as Haruka-chan is still in police
custody, I’m not leaving Okinawa.”
Hanawa grumbled. “Ah… fine. But if anything happens to Taichi, Haruto, or anyone else at
Morning Glory because of your stupidity, it’ll be your head.”
“Hey man, fine by me, I’ll take full responsibility. Hanawa-san… I’m going to keep them safe. I
promise.”

“See to it that you do.” Hanawa hung up a moment later.
Kasuga suddenly stood up, startling everyone in the room. “I need a smoke. I’ll be back in a bit.”
Taichi raised an eyebrow. “Hey, you know, this bar allows smoking indoors.” Adachi placed a hand
on his shoulder. “Huh?”
“It ain’t about the cigarette, kid.”
They stared out the window as Kasuga stood on the sidewalk outside. He lit a cigarette and took a
drag, before looking at something on his phone.
“...Trust me.”
Outside, Kasuga sighed as he stared wistfully at a photo of Masumi Arakawa. He swiped the photo
away, and it was replaced by one of Arakawa’s son, Masato. Kasuga leaned against the wall and
slowly started to look up at the sky.
“...Help the people who live in the sunlight… That’s what you guys would want me to do, right?”
He took another drag from his cigarette and chuckled. “Shit’s messed up now, but… I’m trying my
best. I hope that at the end of all of this you can both be proud of me.”
***
The bartender walked down the alleyway, towards the main road, when he suddenly heard a can
being kicked nearby. He stopped in his tracks. He didn’t turn around, but he was able to sense that
somebody was hiding from him. He slowly looked down at the ground and huffed. “Hmph…
Whoever that is… I know yer followin’ me. And there’s only one guy I know that’d be dumb
enough to stalk me like that. …Yer worried about me gettin’ close ta yer kids, right? …Don’t be. I
don’t intend to bother anyone close ta ya. I just wanna live my life, away from all the shit that held
me back before.”
Nobody responded. The bartender sighed. “Maybe yer not who I think you are, but… If ya are… If
ya even care… One day, when ya can reclaim yer name… I’ll reclaim mine. An’ then we can scrap
it out one last time, and see which one of us truly deserves to be called a dragon.”
The bartender continued walking, leaving the empty alleyway behind.
…Well, almost empty, anyway.

Chapter 21: Today Is a Diamond
Ichiban stepped back into the bar, a smile on his face. “Alright. Whaddya guys say we kick back for
a bit?”
Taichi raised an eyebrow. “Hmm? Hey, Kasuga, are you okay? You left kinda suddenly back there.”
Kasuga nodded and sat back down at the bar. “Yeah. Just had to talk to some people close to me.
That’s all.” He looked over at Chihiro. “You stickin’ around, Chihiro-chan?”
Chihiro nodded. “Yeah. Hanawa wants me to keep an eye on you as long as you’re in Okinawa.”
“Cool. Welcome to the party,” Kasuga chuckled, standing up and making his way to the Joysound
station on the other end of the bar. “You good at singin’?”
“Huh? Uh, not really…?”
“Even better,” he said, grinning as he tossed her a microphone. “If you’re gonna hang out with us,
you gotta get your initiation rites out of the way.” He tossed Taichi a microphone as well, which he
almost dropped.
“Ah! Uh, me too?” he asked.
“We all had to do it, kid,” Adachi chuckled.
Joongi tilted his head. “I didn’t…” he muttered. Nobody heard him.
Chihiro nodded and stood up, approaching the Joysound station. Using the tablet, she selected a
song she enjoyed when she was younger. “Tai-chan… it’s a duet.”
Taichi seemed surprised. “Huh? O-oh, yeah. Okay!” He stood up and moved over to the station and
stood next to Chihiro, ready to back her up. The screen in front of him read “Like A Butterfly”. He
groaned. “Ugh… this one?” he asked as the music started up.
“You don’t like it?”
“Every girl at the club wants to sing this one… it’s exhausting.”
“Just how often are you at the cabaret club?” Chihiro teased.
“What else is there to do in this town?! Whatever. I guess I’m up first. Hate this stupid rapping
part…
“ Be reborn! ” he rapped with a somewhat amateurish rhythm. Marshall Mathers he was not. “
Climb out of hell born again!
Let’s fly high like a butterfly !”
Chihiro smirked, and sang, “It’s drowning in its greed
The wicked trap was sprung.

Tangled in the thread of its deeds.”
The party cheered. “Chihiro-chan!”
“Tangled in its crimes!”
“Like fate scoops up a fish, struggling in a net
It’s brittle wings are torn by the tears
As it trembles in cold sweat.”
“You tore your wings now cry!”
“A spider comes, a thirst in its eyes.”
“A butterfly with no wings is a moth in the flame!
Just a rat on the floor with another name!”
“The venomous fangs
Sink into the soul.”
“The world is dead, no light left to find,
Can’t stop the breaking of my mind!”
“Too late now
To mourn its punctured wings
To take to the sky!”
As Chihiro sang, Taichi couldn’t help but fixate on how beautiful her voice was. And she thought
this was bad? Suddenly, the bar around them disappeared, and he imagined they were standing
together in a foggy void as Chihiro continued to sing.
“If only it could be
Just one more time!”
“To the bitter end in overdrive, yeah!”
“Engrave the beat,” Chihiro sang as she held her hand out for a beautiful, glowing blue butterfly to
land on. “Flap your wings ‘til you feel you are complete!”
“Fly high!” Taichi rapped as Chihiro held the butterfly to her chest and seemingly absorbed its
very essence. They stood together back to back while the party continued to cheer them on.
“Oi! Oi!”
“Oh you tragic butterfly

Despairing, craving it
That singular last ray of light still shining down on
Bitter wings.”
“Be reborn! Climb out of hell born again!
Let’s fly high like a butterfly!”
Taichi continued to rap behind Chihiro’s vocals as she finished out the song.
“So fly high again.
Like a butterfly.
Soaring in the sky.
Like a butterfly.”
“Fly like a beautiful butterfly!
Fly like a beautiful butterfly!”
The party cheered for Chihiro and Taichi as the song came to an end. Kasuga chuckled as he stood
up. “Well, Taichi-san, Chihiro-chan… you pass. My turn. Anyone who wants in, line up behind me.
If we’re gonna be staying in Okinawa, we oughta at least try and enjoy it!”
The party cheered as Kasuga’s song choice, an appropriate-sounding surf rock track, started up. He
was right. They couldn’t sit around all day waiting for things to happen. They needed to make the
most of their time here, and the song’s lyrics reflected that.
“Will you ever change?
Content to waste the day away?
All you’ve done is play dead
Stuck in REM sleep each and every week
I have had enough
I concede that times are tough
But tomorrow there’ll be sunshine
Shining through clouds and then you’ll see we can have fun.
You have slept too long
Maybe we can swim tomorrow
Put your hand in mine

And you’ll be just fine
And we’ll seize the day again!”
Kasuga imagined himself on the streets of Downtown Ryukyu, strumming on a ukelele and inviting
the residents of the town to join him in his day of merriment. It wasn’t much different from what he
and his friends would actually get up to that day as they wandered the town, bar hopping, fighting
Sujimon, and just generally enjoying the weather. They even went to see a movie— Sonic the
Hedgehog 2 —where Kasuga was able to successfully fend off sleep and defeat the REM Rams in
mortal combat once again, as he had done countless times in Ijincho.
During the day, Taichi was able to figure out what kind of flowers Chihiro liked—peonies—and
bought a bouquet for her. She appreciated the gesture greatly, and over the course of this short day,
they started to bond, being the two youngest members of the party.
At some point, the group rented a boat and went fishing. Close to the pier, Kasuga stood at the
boat’s edge and gave a thumbs up to those who watched them set sail. Later that evening, the party
parked their boat on the sea and watched the sunset together. Chihiro laid her head on Taichi’s
shoulder as they watched the sun disappear over the horizon. He knew that she was technically
meant to be spying on him for the Daidoji—but now that that cat was out of the bag, was there any
reason for her to do so?
“Today is a diamond, throw your cares away!
Let’s rent a boat and set sail today!
Watch the sunset as the daytime slips away…
What a perfect weekend day!
And we’ll sit
By the sea
Sparkling like a diamond
So I’m begging you please
Get up my baby!”
Kasuga once again imagined himself in front of the Golden Dragon, playing the ukelele as the
townspeople stood behind him. The bartender, Ikari, Emi-chan, Taichi, Chihiro, and others,
including friends back in Yokohama like Saeko, Seonhee, and Nanba backed him up as he sang.
“I am begging
Please just wake up honey
I’m on my knees now
Please just wake up honey
You’ll never wake up?

Are my efforts wasted?
Maybe I should go to sleep too…”
After a day of fun, they group sat down again at the bar. Adachi raised an eyebrow at Kasuga.
“That song was kinda depressing, wasn’t it?” he asked.
Kasuga tilted his head. “Huh? Today is a Diamond? What do you mean?”
“I mean… You know what that song’s about, right?”
Kasuga thought about it. “It’s about… sleeping in on a Saturday, right?”
Adachi sighed and shook his head. “Clueless…” he muttered. He looked around, and noticed they
were down two party members. “Say… Where’d Taichi and Chihiro get off to?”
***
The missing persons in question sat atop the roof of the Golden Dragon, staring up at the night sky.
“Say, Tai-chan,” Chihiro said softly, “what’s it like having a family as big as yours?”
Taichi chuckled. “I have to wake up an hour early to get to the bathroom before anyone else. But I
wouldn’t trade them for the world. I just… wish Uncle Kaz was around to see how everyone’s
grown.” He smiled. Unbeknownst to either of them, the subject of the conversation was standing in
the alleyway just below the building, listening to their conversation as he smoked a cigarette.
“Especially Haruka,” Taichi continued. “She’s taken the brunt of things since he disappeared.
Anyone else would’ve crumbled under that pressure… but not her. If anything, it’s made her
stronger. Heh… one day, she might even be as strong as him.”
Kiryu sighed. “Haruka…” he muttered under his breath. The truth was that she was already
stronger than him—much stronger. Here he was, breaching his agreement with the Daidoji just to
steal a glance at his kids from afar. Meanwhile, she was still trucking forward. Without her, he was
nothing, but without him, she was getting to work, even though she’d been put at such a
disadvantage by his own failures. These last several years taught Kiryu that as much as he needed
her, she was doing just fine on her own, for the most part. Sure, she was in a bit of a pickle right
now, what with the trial, but Hanawa assured him that she’d be out of jail soon enough once
becomes clear that the prosecution is unable to scrounge up enough evidence to prove any sort of
guilt.
“What are you doing in Okinawa?” Hanawa suddenly said, approaching him. “I didn’t approve
this.”
Kiryu scoffed. “Tch. I wasn’t aware I needed approval to travel when I’m not on an assignment.”
“I made it quite clear that, wherever you go, Okinawa is off-limits,” Hanawa said. “Too many
people here know your face. You’ll be spotted.”
“What do you think the new haircut is for?” Kiryu responded. Indeed, his usual slicked-back
yakuza-style perm was gone, and instead his hair had been combed forward into a bowl cut. Were it
not for the fact that he was starting to go gray, he’d fit right in with the youth of… about twenty
years ago. “Besides, it’s not like you’ve been holding up your end of the agreement very well

either. I joined the Daidoji explicitly to protect my kids. Just a few days ago, Mitsuo was about to
swear up with the yakuza himself. Haruka’s in prison awaiting trial for a murder she didn’t commit.
Taichi’s getting involved in whatever bullshit that hothead Kasuga is doing. Worst of all, Haruto is
potentially in danger because your organization apparently couldn’t figure out that the Saio Triad
was back in Japan. If you can’t get everything settled soon, I’m going to have to get involved
myself.” He tossed his cigarette on the ground and started to walk away.
“That would be unwise, Kiryu-san,” Hanawa warned. “It would be possibly the strongest breach of
our agreement since you joined up six years ago.”
Kiryu sighed. “I’ve been a fool before,” he responded. “What’s one more time?”
Hanawa chuckled. “You know… that Ichiban Kasuga thinks really highly of you, Kiryu-san.”
“Hmm?”
“That night, at Geomijul… To you, it might’ve been another one of your little side adventures. But
to him… That was a life-changing event. He really wants to help your kids out, too. It’s his way of
paying you back for all you’ve done for him.” Hanawa smirked. “His words, not mine. Maybe you
could send him a postcard sometime,” he joked. “Unsigned, of course.”
Kiryu either didn’t get the joke or did not care for it. “Hanawa-san,” he said, “Ichiban Kasuga is a
good man at heart. He means well. I know he does. But he’s involving Taichi in matters that don’t
concern him, and that makes things dangerous for everyone. If you can’t get him to leave Morning
Glory alone… Then I will.” Then, he left Hanawa alone on street level, while Taichi and Chihiro
continued to sit and talk on the roof, unaware that Taichi’s dear old Uncle Kaz had been only feet
away.

Chapter 22: Pocket Circuit Fighter Ichiban
Kasuga was exiting the Poppo on North Hatsumachi with a bag full of Tauriners for himself and his
party when he heard a woman’s voice in distress. “Oh, this is bad,” she whined. “This is really,
really, really bad…”
“Huh?” Kasuga looked across the street. A woman who appeared to be in her late twenties or early
thirties was pacing the sidewalk. She had long brown hair and was dressed rather formally, with the
exception of a blue headband over her forehead.
“Oh, what am I going to do… The league is going to shut us down for sure!”
~Substory 04: Pocket Circuit Fighter Ichiban~
“Yo! Miss!” Kasuga said as he crossed the street and approached her. “Is everything alright?”
“Huh?” the woman looked up at him. “Oh, it’s nothing, sir… Just work drama…”
“Work drama, huh?” Kasuga asked. He looked over at the building they were standing in front of.
“Pocket Circuit Stadium? Like, the little slot cars that kids used to race back in the 80s?”
The woman nodded. “Yeah. Sorry, let me introduce myself. My name is Himiko. I’m the
chairwoman of the Pocket Circuit League Okinawa Division. The thing is, our grand opening is
today… But the guy we hired to be our fighter bailed at the last second.”
“Fighter?” Kasuga asked.
“Yeah. The Pocket Circuit Fighter is responsible for commentating over the races,” Himiko
explained. “But that’s not all he does. He’s supposed to be a friend to all of the competitors, mentor
them, help them with their cars, and just generally imbue them with the spirit of Pocket Circuit
racing.” She sighed. “Without a good fighter, the entire game falls apart.”
“No kiddin’,” Kasuga mused. “That does sound bad. But… couldn’t you postpone the grand
opening until you find a new fighter?”
“That’s the thing… The President of the Pocket Circuit League is going to be paying us a visit
today.”
“Oh, shoot!”
Himiko sighed. “And if he finds anything amiss, I’m scared he’ll revoke our Pocket Circuit League
certification, and we’ll be forced to shut down!”
“So you need to find a new fighter before he gets here…” Kasuga crossed his arms as he thought
about Himiko’s options.
“And, she’s gotta pay the protection fee,” a sinister male voice suddenly said from behind Kasuga.
Kasuga turned around. “Huh?” He found himself face-to-face with three yakuza-looking guys, who
stood in the street eying up the building.

“This place is in a pretty rough neighborhood…” the lead yakuza mused, smirking. “Luckily, my
boys and I run the local neighborhood watch. We’ll keep your business safe from any riff raff… for
a price.”
“It’s a damn resort town,” Kasuga shot back. “They don’t need protection, except from
opportunistic scumbags like you who prey on people that don’t know any better. Get outta here,
man, you’re ruining the vibe.”
“Say what?” the leader asked, insulted. “What family are you with?!”
“I’m not yakuza,” Kasuga answered with a chuckle. “At least, not anymore. But I still kick ass like
one, so you might wanna back off.”
“Say what?! Oh, you’re cruising for a bruising, asshole!” the leader yelled as he and his buddies
transformed.
YAKUZA
Three of Kasuga’s friends happened to be nearby and joined the fight as it unfolded. Taichi,
Chihiro, and Zhao ran to his side, ready for a smackdown. “The battle is on!” Kasuga yelled as he
made the first move, twirling his bat in the air and then swinging it at the leader, who dodged, then
punched him in the nose. “Ow… You’re a bit of a dick, you know that?” Kasuga grumbled.
Another yakuza ran at Taichi, slashing at him with his knife and causing him to bleed. Finally, the
third yakuza punched Chihiro in the gut, leaving all but Zhao injured. Zhao rectified this by
swinging his broadsword at the leader, leaving shallow but still incredibly painful cuts on his chest.
Taichi felt the cut on his arm, which was bleeding pretty badly, staining his jacket with his own
blood. “Great,” he muttered. “Now my suit’s ruined. Again.” He glared at the yakuza who cut him
and ran at him. “Super flying…” he growled as he jumped into the air, “…TAICHI KICK!” He
drop kicked the thug in the face, knocking him out cold. Taichi landed on the ground, then quickly
stood back up and smirked at the thugs.
Chihiro went next. She ran at the yakuza who had punched her and performed a side somersault,
kicking his head with a fully extended leg and causing his skull to smash against the pavement, also
taking him out of commission.
Kasuga looked around. Two of his allies were badly injured. He needed to help them… and he
knew just the service that could help him help them. He pulled out his phone and started searching
the Poundmates service for anyone who could serve as a good healer. Static electricity sparked
from his finger as he swiped around. “Time to call… A FRIEND!” he yelled as he dramatically
pressed the “send” button and held his phone in the air. “I SUMMON YOU!” A beam of light shot
from his phone and into the sky, parting the clouds above.
A pale Caucasian man with short, blonde hair and blue eyes landed on the battlefield, wearing a
backpack.
TOM THE TOURIST
“[Can you tell me how to get to the station?]” he asked the yakuza, who seemed confused, in
English. “[What about the Hilton? Have you heard of it?]” The yakuza shook his head. Tom sighed,
and turned around, seeing Ichiban and his friends. “[Oh! You’re injured! I think I have just the
thing…]” He dramatically opened his backpack and started vigorously searching for anything that

could help them, sweat dripping from his brow. Finally, he found it. “[Oh yeah… that’s the good
stuff.]”
He pulled a variety of American energy drinks and candies out of his bag, and gave some to each of
Ichiban’s party members. They quickly drank and ate everything, energizing them completely. It
was almost as if they hadn’t taken any hits at all.
“[Now if you’ll excuse me… I’m off to go find the station!]” As quickly as he came, he left.
Kasuga finished the battle by grabbing the yakuza leader and dragging him into the Poppo. He then
threw him over the counter and sent him face-first into the microwave. He looked at the cashier.
“Warmed up, please!” he politely asked the cashier. The terrified cashier interpreted this as a threat
and as a call to action, or he would be next, so he quickly hit the nearest button on the microwave,
causing the inside to quickly heat up, burning the thug’s face, although the microwave broke down
shortly after, and before any real harm could be done to the thug’s long term health.
Taichi, Chihiro, Zhao, and Himiko watched Kasuga calmly leave the Poppo. “Don’t ever come
back here!” the cashier yelled at him. “You are banned, do you hear me?”
“Guess I got a little carried away,” Kasuga chuckled.
“Is he gonna be okay?” Taichi asked, mildly worried for the yakuza’s wellbeing.
“Yeah, he’s fine,” Kasuga dismissed his worries.
“Wow…” Himiko said. “That… was… so passionate! It was so extreme! You! You’re exactly what
we need here!”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Huh?”
“You! You can be the next Pocket Circuit Fighter!”
“Me?!” Kasuga asked, shocked. “I don’t know the first thing about Pocket Circuit!”
“It’s racing slot cars,” Chihiro said, unamused. “How difficult could it be?”
Himiko glared intensely at Chihiro. “That is the wrong attitude to have,” she said in a low voice.
“Pocket Circuit isn’t a game! It’s an experience! It’s a way of life!”
“Yeah, I stopped playing with toys when I was 13,” Chihiro shot back.
While Chihiro and Himiko argued, Taichi pulled Kasuga aside. “You know, Kasuga,” he said,
“Haruto’s been looking forward to this place opening up for weeks.”
“That so?” Kasuga asked. “Well… We certainly don’t wanna disappoint the kid. I guess I could
help just a little…” He turned back to Himiko. “Say, Himiko?” He interrupted her argument with
Chihiro. “I’ll do it. I’ll be your Pocket Circuit Fighter! …Until you find a better one, that is. I’m
Kasuga. Ichiban Kasuga.”
Himiko forgot all about her argument and clapped. “Yes! Thank you, Ichiban-kun!”
Kasuga tilted his head. “Uh… what? Ichiban-kun? That’s a little… informal.”

“Oh, those are just the rules of Pocket Circuit.” Himiko explained. “We’re all supposed to be
friends here, to encourage fairness and good sportsmanship on the race track. So, everyone in the
building has to be on a first name basis with each other.”
“I guess I can get behind that,” Ichiban replied, nodding. “Alright then, Himiko-chan! You gotta
show me the ropes, okay?”
“Sure! But first, let’s get you into the uniform.”
“Oh, sure, sure…”
***
Ichiban felt like a dumbass. “H-Himiko-chan… No offense…” he said, embarrassed. “But what the
hell the hell is this outfit?!” Himiko had made him put on an awfully cheesy white racing jumpsuit,
with red, blue, and yellow accents all around. It was an eyesore. He also now wore a red headband
with a white etching of a koi on his forehead. “I look like a jackass!”
“Oh, come now, that’s the standard uniform of all Pocket Circuit Fighters!” Himiko said, smiling
sweetly. “The children love it!”
Ichiban looked over at his friends, who were all delighted at this turn of events. Zhao was even
filming the whole ordeal with his smartphone.
“Lookin’ good, Ichiban-kun!” he teased.
“Fuck. You.”
“I’ve been waitin’!”
“Don’t use language like that around the kids,” Himiko scolded. “Okay. Now, let’s get you familiar
with how Pocket Circuit works. If you’ll follow me to the track…”
Ichiban and his friends were led into the next room, where a rather basic-looking slot car circuit
had been built. “This doesn’t look that exciting,” Ichiban muttered. “How am I supposed to make
this fun for the kids?”
“This is just our beginner circuit,” Himiko explained. “It’s to help the kids get a feel for the game.
Once they get past this track, we start building more complex tracks, with new terrain types, ramps,
more dangerous turns, you name it. The parts are all replaceable so you can make pretty much
anything.
“And speaking of replaceable parts… Ta-da!” She presented Ichiban with his very own Pocket
Circuit car. “This is the Golem Tiger. Supposedly, this is the same car that the legendary racer from
the Kamurocho circuit completed his first races with almost 35 years ago!”
“Legendary racer, eh?” Zhao asked. “Now that’s a hell of a story for the kids.”
“Yeah, they say his ferocity on the track was like that of a dragon,” Himiko explained. “Just like the
racetracks, every part is replaceable. We encourage the kids to experiment and make the cars their
own.”

Kasuga hummed and put a finger to his chin. “Hmm… So, this is a little more in-depth than I
thought it was. Mind running me through a race?”
Himiko nodded. “I would be happy to!”
The group ran a few test races on one of the basic courses, and Kasuga had to admit—he was
getting kind of into it. He saw now why kids would’ve been into this back in the 80s. But in this
day and age, where they all had video games and smartphone apps to keep their minds occupied…
Would any of them even be interested in this anymore?
Finally, the time came for the stadium to open its doors. As the first racers entered the building,
Kasuga was right there to greet them. “Welcome to Pocket Circuit Stadium!” he greeted
enthusiastically. “I am Pocket Circuit Fighter Ichiban, and I will be your guide, your mentor, and
your friend as you conquer the race track! If you’ll step right over… here?” Kasuga trailed off
when he noticed that the adult-to-kid ratio was a bit… whack. There seemed to be more grown ups
than kids, in fact. He leaned over to Himiko. “Psst! Himiko-chan! There… sure are a lot of grownups here.”
Himiko nodded. “Pocket Circuit is a game for all ages!”
“Yeah, but… there’re more adults than kids!”
“Just roll with it, Ichiban-kun.”
“Alright…” He put his game face back on. “If you’ll step right over here, we can get you set up
with your very first cars and starter kits!”
As Kasuga helped several kids and adults build their first cars, he noticed a few new faces entering
the building. Ayako from Morning Glory arrived, with Haruto Sawamura and two slightly older
children in tow. This was the first time since coming to Okinawa that Kasuga had been able to see
Haruto up close. He smiled and approached them. “Welcome to the Pocket Circuit Stadium!” he
greeted both of them. “Are you here to join the fun?”
Ayako nodded. “Haruto here’s been looking forward to this… haven’t you, Haruto?”
Haruto nodded enthusiastically. “Yeah, mister! My mom told me that this was grandpa’s favorite
activity when he was younger!”
Kasuga gasped. Kazuma Kiryu… played Pocket Circuit?! He thought back to what Himiko told
him earlier.
“This is the Golem Tiger. Supposedly, this is the same car that the legendary racer from the
Kamurocho circuit completed his first races with almost 35 years ago!”
“Legendary racer, eh?” Zhao asked. “Now that’s a hell of a story for the kids.”
“Yeah, they say his ferocity on the track was like that of a dragon.”
That couldn’t be the same guy, could it? Nah, there’s no way, Kasuga thought. He knelt over and
gave Haruto a big smile. “Well, Haruto-kun… You can call me Ichiban! I’ll be your coach and
mentor on the racetrack! I hope we can become great friends!”

Haruto smiled and nodded, but then seemed bothered by something. “I just wish mom was here
with me… I bet she’d like this too.”
“O-oh really. Well, uh… where’s she at?”
“She’s out of town on business,” Haruto explained. “She said she’d be home soon, but… she’s been
gone for a while now.”
Kasuga put a hand on Haruto’s head and smiled at him once more. “Your mom’s gonna be home
with you real soon, Haruto-kun. I promise. Now then… let’s get you set up with a Pocket Circuit
car!”
And so, Kasuga brought Haruto to the construction station, where he showed the boy how to put
together his very first car—using the Golem Tiger as a base. “Some say,” Kasuga explained with a
dramatic intonation, “that a legendary racer from Tokyo used this car. The legendary… Dragon of
Pocket Circuit!”
Haruto’s eyes shined with amazement. “Wow…!”
As Kasuga commented over several races—some of which Haruto even won!—Adachi and Joongi
Han entered the stadium.
“What is that dumbass wearing…?” Adachi asked. Then, he gasped. “Joongi, look.” He pointed at
Haruto. “That’s Sawamura, isn’t it?.”
“He looks like he’s having fun,” Joongi chuckled.
Indeed, Haruto was enamored with Pocket Circuit, and Kasuga was right there with him. He also
helped the other two children—Akira and Yumi, two of Haruto’s foster siblings at Morning Glory
—build their own cars while Haruto continued to race.
“You’re doing great, Akira-kun!” Kasuga cheered. “Nice tire choice… that’ll do great on the grassy
track in the later circuits! Oh, here, Yumi-chan, let me help you with that spoiler...”
Meanwhile, Haruto’s car took a corner a bit too fast, and flew off the track, disqualifying him.
“Oh!” Fortunately, he took it a little better than his grandfather would have, and simply followed
the car to where it landed… which happened to be right at Joongi Han’s feet.
“Oh, is this yours?” Joongi asked the child as he bent over to pick it up. “Careful with that, now,”
he said, smiling as he knelt down to hand it to him. “Somebody might trip.”
Haruto frowned. This face… he remembered seeing this face before. It came to him in a nightmare.
One he used to have a lot. The images were so vivid in his head, it was more like a memory than a
dream. Those dreams told him… this strange man was not a friend. He slowly backed up from
Joongi, who seemed confused.
“Huh? Don’t you want your car back?”
Haruto simply shook his head. Ayako walked over. “Is everything alright, Haruto?”
Kasuga, noticing the commotion, walked over to the group. “Hey, Joongi. Adachi. When’d you get
here? What’s going on over here?”

“Uh, he dropped his car,” Joongi said as he handed it to Ayako. “Sorry… I must’ve done something
to offend him. He seems afraid of me.”
“Huh?” Ayako seemed confused. “That’s strange. He’s normally not like that. Is everything okay,
Haruto?”
“I’ve just got one of those faces, I suppose…” Joongi muttered.
Kasuga turned to smile at Haruto. “Aw, Haruto-kun, you don’t gotta be afraid of Joongi. He’s a
friend, like me! Him and Koichi-kun!”
Adachi gave him a weird look. “‘Koichi-kun’, what the f…? Don’t call me that.”
Taichi joined them and smiled at Haruto. “Yo, Haruto. Joongi’s cool.”
“You know these people, Taichi?” Ayako asked.
“Yeah! I met these guys at the bar!” Taichi explained, although he was leaving out some key details
due to the ongoing circumstances.
“These are the guys I found snooping around Morning Glory,” Ayako said, eying Kasuga.
“Hey, we weren’t snooping,” Kasuga lied. “We told you, we got lost.”
“Mm. And how’s that case you were working on?”
“Oh, uh… settled,” Kasuga said. “Took way quicker than we thought, so now we’re just trying to
enjoy the sunshine before we have to get back to the mainland. It’s really cold in Yokohama right
now.”
“And we’re buds now!” Taichi finished for him. “Me, Ichiban, Koichi—” Adachi looked annoyed
that Taichi was using his first name. “—Joongi, Zhao, and Chihiro-chan over here! So you see,
Haruto? Joongi’s a friend. You don’t have to be afraid of him.”
Haruto looked uneasily at Joongi Han, who smiled uneasily at him. Finally, Haruto decided that this
man wasn’t that bad, and smiled back at him as Ayako put him down. “Okay. I’m sorry, Joongisan.”
Joongi chuckled. “Don’t worry about it. It’s natural to be wary of strangers.”
“Hey, do you wanna race?” Haruto asked him.
“Huh? Oh, uh, okay, but I’ve never done it before…”
Kasuga and Ayako watched as Haruto dragged Joongi over to the race track. Kasuga chuckled.
“Haruto-kun seems like a good kid,” he said.
“He is Haruka’s son, after all…” Ayako replied, before frowning and sighing. “The truth is… His
mother’s in a lot of trouble right now.”
“Oh yeah?”

“Yeah. Charged with a crime she didn’t commit. I don’t even know when she’s going to see her son
again.” Kasuga placed a hand on Ayako’s shoulder. “Huh?”
“Miss… I promise you… Haruka’s gonna be just fine,” he said seriously, a smile on his face. “I’m
working on fixing it.”
Ayako raised an eyebrow. “Just… who are you, exactly?”
Kasuga thought about the best way to answer her. “I’m… A friend of Kazuma Kiryu’s.”
Ayako’s eyes widened. “U-Uncle Kaz?! Is he-?!”
“Nah, I mean… I’m ex-Tojo Clan.”
Ayako frowned, disappointed. “I see… You’re an OLD friend.”
Kasuga hated to lie to her, but he really had no choice here. “Yeah. Your Uncle Kaz saved my life
back when I was in the yakuza, and I wanna return the favor. So believe me when I say I’m going
to do my best to make sure Haruka is free soon. You can count on it.”
Ayako stared at him a bit more, then looked away from him and nodded. “Okay, Ichiban. I believe
you.”
They both watched Haruto and Joongi race their slot cars. Turning his head slightly, Kasuga noticed
that Akira and Yumi seemed to be in some sort of confrontation with two older boys.
“…You orphans hangin’ out at the stadium now?” one of them taunted. “Don’t you need parental
supervision to be here?”
Kasuga tilted his head. “The fuck?”
“Leave us alone, Ren-san…” Yumi said softly. “We’re just trying to enjoy our Christmas break.”
“Hey, Ren-kun,” the other boy laughed. “I heard the old lady running their orphanage is in jail. I
knew you orphans were all criminals in the making, but just how bad do you have to be to get the
director in on it?”
“Oh, yeah, that’s right, Kenji-kun!” Ren laughed. “Your caretaker’s a jail rat now!”
“That’s not true!” Akira spat back. “Aunt Haru’s on a business trip!”
“Yeah, yakuza business, more like,” Ren laughed.
Ayako sighed. “Great… those must be those boys from school that Akira got into a fight with…”
“You don’t say?”
“Supposedly, they’ve been bullying Yumi for being an orphan,” she explained. “Akira stepped in
and threw a punch. Now the boys and their little gang have it out for him. Let me go get them.”
“That won’t be necessary, miss,” Kasuga said, holding a hand in front of them. “No offense, but I
know how kids like this think. If you step in now, they’ll stop today, but tomorrow, they’ll just tease
them about you stepping in.”

“Ah… but…”
“So let me handle this,” he finished, grinning at her.
“What? Ichiban, what are you…?”
Kasuga approached the children, a smile still stretched across his face. “Hey, kids. We all playing
nice with Akira-kun and Yumi-chan, here?”
Ren looked up at him. “Huh? Who’s the doofus with the bird’s nest on his head?”
Kenji laughed. “You look like Bob Ross lost a fight with his hairdresser!”
Kasuga seemed confused. “Who the hell’s Bob Ross…? Nevermind. You can call me Pocket
Circuit Fighter Ichiban! And you two are…?”
“I’m not giving you my name, you old creep!” Ren snarled. “What’s an old fart like you running
Pocket Circuit for?”
Damn, these kids are mean, Kasuga thought. He knelt down to their level. “Hey, listen, man, I don’t
wanna be, like, a buzzkill,” he said kindly, “but if you’re gonna hang out in my space, you gotta
knock off the teasing, okay? In the Pocket Circuit Stadium, we’re all friends.”
“I’m not friends with any orphans,” Ren spat. “My dad says they’re the reason this country sucks
now.”
“Well, where is your dad?” Kasuga asked. “See, thing is… you’re right. You do need supervision
from a parent, or a responsible adult, to be here. And right now, I’m not seeing one. Akira and
Yumi here are supervised by Miss Ayako, right over there,” he said, pointing to Ayako, who still
looked confused. “So they’re perfectly fine to keep playing, on the other hand. You guys, on the
other hand…? It’s not looking good for you.”
Ren gasped. “What?! That’s not fair! I’ve been waiting for this place to open for months!”
“Yeah, you can’t kick us out!” Kenji argued.
“Well, if you get your dad in here, it should be no problem, right?” Kasuga said, looking at Ren.
“He’s around, right?”
Ren looked down at the ground, and groaned softly. “…My dad’s never around…” he grumbled.
Kasuga frowned. Suddenly, he felt bad for the little guy. “That so?”
“He’s always working,” Ren sighed. “I’ve been asking him to take me to this place once it opened
for months, and he promised he would… Then the day finally came and he said he was too busy
with work. I’ll bet he’s even gonna work on Christmas.”
Kasuga nodded. “Hey, kid… I know what it’s like, not having your dad around for you when you
need him.” He thought back to when he got out of prison, and Masumi Arakawa was nowhere to be
found, despite promising to meet him at the gate once he got out. Of course, extenuating
circumstances dictate that they not be seen near each other. “But… He’s only workin’ so hard so
that he can give you a better life. He’s working because he loves you. But that doesn’t change the

fact that you’re here unsupervised, and if we can’t find somebody who’ll look after you, I gotta ask
you to leave.”
Ren was silent for a moment. “Okay…”
“Yo, Ayako-chan!” Kasuga called out. “Can you come over here for a sec?”
Ayako joined him. “Yes, Ichiban?”
“These two boys here are currently unsupervised,” he explained. “So if they can’t find a grown-up
to look after them, they gotta leave. Would you mind chaperoning them?”
Ren looked up at Kasuga. “What?”
“See, Ayako might not be Akira-kun and Yumi-chan’s mom,” Kasuga explained, “but she is their
family. Just because they’re orphans doesn’t mean they don’t have people who love them. Like
Haruka. She was an orphan too, or so I hear, but she had a big family that was always there to
support her. Like Ayako-chan, and my buddy Taichi-san, and a bunch of others. If you’re a little bit
nicer to Akira-kun and Yumi-chan… Maybe they’ll let you be a part of that family, for a little bit
anyway. You can hang out with them, and you can continue to enjoy the game while Ayako
supervises. Doesn’t that sound better than fighting with them over stupid stuff like how traditional
their family is?”
Ren thought about it. He looked over at Akira. “Um… Do you wanna race?”
Akira was apprehensive at first, but smiled and nodded. “Okay. Sure! Yumi-chan, you coming?”
Yumi seemed pleased with this turn of events. “Coming, Akira-kun.”
“Miss Ayako… is it okay with you if we play with them?” Ren asked.
Ayako smiled and nodded. “Of course it is.”
Ren looked at Kenji. “Come on, man, let’s own these turds on the track.”
Akira smirked. “Wait til you see my customizations…”
Kasuga stood up and watched them join Haruto and several others at the race track. “The enemy
has been defeated,” Kasuga chuckled.
“Wow, Ichiban,” Ayako said, impressed. “You’re really good with kids. You must be a great dad.”
Kasuga chuckled. “Heh. Not yet. But maybe I will be, one day, if that’s what Sa-chan wants…” He
heard the door open and glanced at it. An elderly man in a business suit and blue headband entered
the building. “Huh? Yo, Himiko-chan!” Kasuga called out for Himiko, who joined the conversation
a moment later. “Is that…?”
Himiko looked over at the door. “A-ah! That’s him! That’s the president!”
“Think I’ve met this guy before…” Kasuga mused. Indeed, it appeared that the Pocket Circuit
President was in fact Fujisawa, the Dragon Kart Fighter back in Yokohama. “He really gets
around.”

“Hmm? Ah, Ichiban-kun,” Fujisawa greeted. “Fancy meeting you here. Say… That outfit… are
you Okinawa’s Pocket Circuit Fighter?”
“Until more gainful employment opportunities arise,” Kasuga joked. “But look at you, Fujisawasan. You’re the Pocket Circuit President?”
“I was appointed to the company after the success of my tofu business, back in Onomichi!”
Fujisawa explained. “My plans for the company are ambitious. I want to take Pocket Circuit…
global! By 2024, we plan to be running trials in select markets in the United States. I’m actually
flying to Los Angeles next year to negotiate with a sponsor!”
“That’s awesome, man!”
“And it seems like things are going great here in Okinawa,” Fujisawa complimented as he looked
around. “Look at all of these people… It’s like Pocket Circuit never even died down!”
Kasuga nodded, then glanced at Haruto, who was showing Joongi how to customize his car. “Say,
Fujisawa-san… You came from the Tokyo circuit, right?”
Fujisawa nodded. “Got my start in Kamurocho. Why?”
“Well… I heard about a legendary racer… Kazuma Kiryu? Have you met him?”
“K-Kazuma-kun?”
Kasuga pointed to Haruto. “It just so happens… That’s his grandson, right over there. Haruto
Sawamura. He’s pretty good already. Might be following in the old Dragon’s footsteps.”
“You don’t say?” Fujisawa smiled as he approached Haruto and Joongi Han. “Hey there, champ!”
he greeted. “You having fun over here?”
Haruto nodded at him. “Sure am, mister! Huh? Hey, are you, like, the owner?”
Fujisawa laughed. “No. Just a fellow Pocket Circuit fan.” He knelt down to Haruto’s level. “You
know… I used to race cars with your grandpa, back in the 80s.”
“You did?!”
“Sure did. I’ve got a photo.” He reached into his suit jacket and pulled out a photograph of himself
and Kazuma Kiryu, taken in 1988. Kiryu held a car towards the camera, and both of them looked
like they were having a blast.
“Wow… how old was he here?”
“I think about twenty.”
Kasuga frowned. Kiryu-san was doing this at twenty? he thought to himself, then chuckled. Heh…
This guy’s not as uptight as he makes himself out to be.
“I’ve held onto this photo for nearly 35 years,” Fujisawa told Haruto. “It helps me remember why I
took this position in the first place. It keeps me going. And now… I want you to have it.”
“Are… are you sure, mister?” Haruto asked.

“Yeah. I digitized all my photos a while back. I can get it reprinted.” Hesitantly, Haruto took the
photo, and Fujisawa stood up. “Your grandpa was a special man, Haruto-kun. There’s not a soul in
Kamurocho that doesn’t have some kind of story about him. Me… he helped me in ways you
probably can’t even imagine. I wouldn’t be where I am without him.”
Haruto frowned and looked sadly at the floor. “I wish I could’ve known him. I only remember ever
seeing him once…” He recalled when he was just a year old and taking his first steps. Kiryu was
right there, watching from afar… Or maybe that was a dream. It was hard to tell.
“Why don’t we race, and I’ll tell you more about him,” Fujisawa said warmly.
***
Eventually, the evening came to a close, and many of the participants—Haruto, Akira, Yumi, and
their new friends included—left to go to their respective homes. Kasuga’s friends returned to the
Golden Dragon, leaving Kasuga, Fujisawa, and Himiko alone. Fujisawa nodded at Himiko. “You
run a tight ship,” he complimented. “I know the local Pocket Circuit community is in good hands
with you. Can’t believe it’s been seventeen years since you first walked through that door in
Kamurocho.”
Himiko bowed. “Th-thank you, Mr. President!”
“I ought to be going now,” Fujisawa said. “Take care, Himiko-chan. Ichiban-kun.”
And with that, Fujisawa the Pocket Circuit Fighter-cum-President took his leave.
“Man, I can’t believe we made it through the whole day…” Kasuga said, groaning in exhaustion.
“Being a Pocket Circuit Fighter sure is hard work.”
Himiko smiled at him. “Yes, it is… But watching you do the job, help all of those kids with
problems big and small… It ignited something in me, Ichiban-kun.”
Kasuga didn’t respond immediately. Is this going where it usually goes? he thought to himself.
“Listen, Himiko-chan, you’re a nice girl and all, but—.”
“Don’t try and deny it, Ichiban Kasuga!” Himiko said intensely. “You feel the fires burning within
you, just as I do, don’t you?”
“Not really. Look—.”
Himiko suddenly gripped her blazer by her left shoulder, ready to tear it off at any moment. “This
is happening, Ichiban! You’ve inspired something in me! I’m going to show you what I’ve got!”
“H-Himiko-chan, please, you’ve got the wrong idea!” Ichiban exclaimed. “There’s another—!”
Himiko dramatically tore her suit off, and Kasuga averted his eyes. Well… he thought, I guess it
couldn’t hurt to take a peak… He slowly opened one eye and saw that Himiko was now dressed in a
Pocket Circuit Fighter racing suit identical to his own. “H-huh?!”
“You’ve inspired me, Ichiban! I’m going to take over as Okinawa’s Pocket Circuit Fighter in your
stead!” she said dramatically. “Race me, Ichiban! Race me like you’ve never raced in your life!”

“O-oh… that’s what you meant,” Kasuga said, simultaneously relieved and a bit disappointed. “Uh,
sure, I’ll race you.”
As they raced on the toughest circuit they had, Kasuga couldn’t help but notice how… excited she
was. “Yes, Ichiban!” she exclaimed. “Keep your grip on those tight turns! Race around those
curves! Keep your car on those mounds!”
Kasuga sighed. He got the feeling she was sort of getting something out of this that most people
wouldn’t. “You need help, Himiko-chan,” he muttered.
~Substory End~

Chapter 23: Closer
Taichi and Chihiro walked through the streets of Downtown Ryukyu, bored and looking for
something to do. They initially came out here to look for any trace of Mabuchi’s triads, but found
none. Now, they wanted to find something, anything, to alleviate the boredom. “So, Chihiro-chan,”
Taichi said, getting her attention.
“Hm?”
“Is the Daidoji really okay with this?” he asked. “I mean… you and me, being alone like this.”
“Well, for starters, we’re not alone,” Chihiro chuckled. “We’re walking down a crowded city street,
with dozens of people around us. Second, it’s a bit late to keep you out of Daidoji business, isn’t it?
I mean, hell, they might try and recruit you next, since you already know too much.”
Taichi laughed. “That could be kinda cool! Traveling the world, doing… whatever secret agents
do… Is 007 real? Does it actually work like that?”
“For some people, maybe,” Chihiro replied. “The rest of us get stuck babysitting.”
“Oh, so that’s how you see this,” Taichi chuckled. He wasn’t looking where he was going, and
bumped into a rather tall man in an Ono Michio mascot costume. “Oh, shit, sorry,” Taichi
apologized.
The man simply stared at Taichi, his expression unreadable under the mascot’s charming hassaku
face. Also of note were his steaming Onomichi ramen hat, cute fish pouch, cool boots (vital for any
fisherman), and his bold and trendy striped white and blue Ono shirt. Truly he was the pride of
Onomichi… which begged the question…
“Why’s a mascot from Hiroshima all the way out here?” Chihiro asked.
“Ono Michio’s really popular all over Japan, now,” Taichi answered, laughing. “Isn’t that right,
Ono-san?”
The man in the suit did not answer. He simply continued to stare at Taichi.
“Uh… you alright, man?” Taichi asked.
No answer.
“O…kay then,” Taichi said awkwardly. “See ya.” He and Chihiro continued on their way as Ono
Michio watched them leave. “You know, it’s sort of weird,” Taichi said as he glanced back at Ono
Michio. “I’ve seen that guy around town a lot lately. Everyone at the orphanage has. It’s like he’s
following us, or something.”
“You’re being paranoid,” Chihiro laughed.
“I guess…” They kept walking, but Taichi kept glancing back at Ono Michio, who kept staring at
them. “Still creepy, though.”

“Hey, Tai-chan, do you like arcades?” Chihiro asked.
“Huh?” Eyes forward once again, Taichi noticed that they had stopped in front of a GiGO arcade…
Or what was to become a GiGO arcade. Construction workers were in the process of replacing the
signage following an apparent rebrand. Four large letters making up the SEGA logo sat on the
sidewalk next to the building as the parts making up the new logo was slowly lifted by a crane.
“Oh, did they finally re-open this place?” Taichi asked aloud. “They closed it down during the
pandemic. I kinda thought it was gonna stay closed.”
“Wanna see what they’ve got in here?” Chihiro suggested, to which Taichi nodded.
“Sure, I’m game.”
Over the course of the next few hours, the two indulged themselves in several of the available
offerings of the SEGA Corporation, including Virtua Fighter esports, Crazy Taxi, and even the
original Monkey Ball arcade game. The final game they played was a game from 2005 titled
Gokudo by Ryu Ga Gotoku Studio, at least according to the logos on the cabinet, though the logo in
the game itself indicated that they went by the name “Amusement Vision” at the time. A spiritual
successor to their earlier game SpikeOut, Gokudo followed an ex-yakuza by the name of Fuma,
who serves a ten year prison sentence for a murder he did not commit and is then released onto the
streets of the fictitious Kabukicho district of Tokyo and has to fight his way through wave after
wave of yakuza while protecting a small girl with the key to a ten million yen fortune. Taichi
played as Fuma, while Chihiro played as the optional second character, Fuma’s moneylender ally
who fought mostly with speedy kick-based combos.
The two of them spent entirely too much money on extra continues and made it all the way to the
end of the game, facing off against Tatsuo, Fuma’s oath brother who betrayed their entire clan.
“Were you someone’s prison bitch?” Tatsuo taunted as Taichi and Chihiro attacked him relentlessly
—Chihiro rather skillfully, making excellent use of every combo at her disposal, and Taichi by
simply button-mashing.
“Agh, this guy blocks too much!” Taichi complained.
“Skill issue,” Chihiro said, smirking.
“Bring that shit, Fuma!”
Taichi growled and slammed the light attack button three times, followed by a heavy attack. This
did not do as much damage as he was hoping.
“Come on, fucker!”
“I’m getting real sick of this guy…” Taichi grumbled as he quickstepped away from an attack.
“Ten years in the joint made you a fucking pussy!”
“And who wrote this dialogue?!” Taichi complained. “It’s like a middle schooler’s idea of what
edge is!”
Eventually, they did defeat Tatsuo, and Taichi breathed a sigh of relief as the credits rolled… then
the game prompted them to continue into boss rush mode.

“Yeah, no thanks,” Taichi said. “We’ve wasted enough time and money on this game.”
“Maybe we should try something a bit more relaxing,” Chihiro laughed. “You look like you’re
about to burst a blood vessel.”
Taichi nodded, and stared at the UFO Catcher 8 cabinet near the entrance. “How about that?”
Around ¥5000 later, Taichi realized that it was a mistake to assume this activity would be relaxing.
Actually, this might’ve been worse than just going through Gokudo’s boss rush mode. He’d been
trying to get a pink Jumbo Bun-chan for Chihiro, but this goddamn bird kept escaping his grasp.
“Tai-chan, really, it’s okay,” Chihiro said, frowning. “You’ve spent too much money here.”
“It’s cool,” Taichi grumbled, his frustration growing with each second. “I just… won’t eat out for a
week. It’s fine. Fuck!” He swore as the bird escaped his grasp once again.
“There are children here,” Chihiro said flatly.
Taichi was on his last credit. He made one last-ditch attempt to retrieve the plush. The claw slowly
lowered itself to the bird. The claws closed, gripping it by its stupid hat that Taichi dropped about a
million times. The crane rose, the plush still in its grasp. Slowly, the toy was carried to the
machine’s exit… the crane opened… and the toy fell right in!
“[Congratulations!]” the machine’s voice exclaimed in Japanese-accented English. Taichi was
astounded, his mouth agape in shock.
“I did it…” he muttered. He grabbed the toy from the exit, and a grin replaced his shocked face. “I
DID IT!” he exclaimed as he held the toy in the sky, causing everybody in the arcade to stare.
“YEAAAAH! Suck it, you stupid-ass outdated crane game!”
Chihiro couldn’t help but laugh at how over-the-top his celebration was. She glanced out the
window and frowned. “Uh, Tai-chan…”
Taichi handed the plush to Chihiro. “There you go! It took a lot of work, but it was worth it!”
Chihiro directed his attention to what she was staring at. “Hmm?” He glanced outside and saw
several Bun-chan the Java Sparrow toys sitting in the window of a toy shop across the street.
“Huh?”
Jumbo Bun-chan the Java Sparrow
All colors only ¥300 each!
“Aw… man…” Taichi muttered.
“I think the gesture was sweet,” Chihiro chuckled.
Suddenly, she heard another male voice from behind her. “Hey, sweet cheeks,” he said as he
approached Chihiro and Taichi. “Is this loser really trying to impress you with stuffed animals?”
Taichi raised an eyebrow. “Huh?”
The man, whose eyes were hidden behind a pair of sunglasses, wasn’t bad looking, but he did seem
quite a bit older. He had two of his buddies backing him up and all three of them menacingly
approached the duo. “Get lost, man. Let a real man escort the lady.”

“I’m fine, thanks,” Chihiro replied, annoyed.
“Yeah, you get lost,” Taichi scoffed. The lead punk grabbed him by the collar.
“The fuck did you just say to me, asshole?!”
“I said get lost, asshole,” Taichi repeated, unphased as he shook himself from the thugs grasp.
Glaring, the thug punched Taichi in the face with a brass-knuckled fist, knocking him over and
leaving a gash on his brow. “Agh!”
“Tai-chan!”
Suddenly, Ono Michio, who had been watching from nearby, stepped in front of the thugs, glaring
at them with his charming hassaku face.
“Huh? What do you want, freak?” the thug demanded.
The mascot did not answer. Taichi stood up. “Hey, man, get out of here,” he told the mascot. “Don’t
get involved in our stupid bullshit. We can take care of this.”
Ono Michio turned to stare at Taichi, still silent. Then, looked back at the thug, who decided to
throw a punch his way. The punch landed, hard, on Ono Michio’s forehead… but Ono Michio
didn’t flinch. He simply stood there, menacingly.
“H-huh?!” the thug exclaimed.
“Whoa, you work out or something?” Taichi asked.
Chihiro raised an eyebrow at Taichi. “With his… forehead?”
The thug lowered his fist and took a step back. “Tch. You think you’re so tough? Hey boys, change
of plans. To hell with the girl. Kill the mascot!”
OKINAWA THUGS
The two sides—Taichi, Chihiro, and Ono Michio versus the three thugs—took their fight outside as
it’d have been incredibly rude and disruptive to carry on with the fight inside the arcade. “Yo,
whoever that is in the costume, these guys are gonna beat your ass,” Taichi said as he raised his
fists. “Seriously, get out of here.”
Underneath the hassaku mask, the actor simply smirked. Taichi sort of reminded him of himself.
Maybe I oughta hold back, he thought to himself. I don’t want to make Taichi look weak in front of
the girl. With that in mind, Ono Michio decided to play by the same rules as everyone else—one
turn at a time. He even let the opponents go first.
“You’re dead meat, asshole!” the lead thug yelled out as he ran up to punch Ono Michio. Ono
Michio responded with a swift jab to the gut with enough force to drop a tiger. The thug fell over,
holding his gut in pain.
Ono Michio frowned. Hmm. That was stronger than I intended. Even holding himself back, he still
wasn’t sugar coating it.
Taichi and Chihiro just stared at him. “Uh… are there gold bars in your mittens?!” Taichi asked.

“Y-yeah…” Ono Michio replied. No…? Why would I need that?
The lead thug stood back up and spat blood onto the ground, glaring at the group. He turned to his
friend, who pulled out a knife and ran at Ono Michio, who simply opted to parry the attack this
time and send the thug flying towards Taichi, who roundhouse kicked his face, knocking him out.
Chihiro ran at the thug who hadn’t moved yet and performed a sideways summersault, kicking his
face and sending him to the ground. Ono Michio followed it up by kicking him while he was down.
The thug stood up, just in time for Ono Michio to take his turn properly.
“Let’s go,” Ono Michio growled. He performed a basic rush combo—a right hook, a left hook, and
a somewhat iconic kick that involved outstretching his leg so that his foot made direct contact with
the thug’s face, sending him flying backwards but not quite taking him out of the fight. Maybe I
should be using a weaker fighting style?
Taichi was next. He grappled the man Ono Michio just fought and spun him around, letting him go
so that the momentum would take him into the street… where he was promptly hit by an oncoming
car, who was able to brake in time not to actually kill the guy, but regardless he probably wasn’t
getting up from that any time soon. The driver honked in anger at the broken man in front of his
car.
“Oh, shit, is he gonna be okay?” Taichi asked.
“He’s still moving,” Chihiro replied. “He’s fine.”
The lead thug glared at Ono Michio and ran at him. Ono Michio was ready to counter, but realized
that this was the last thug. Once he was out, the fight would be won. Now, normally, Ono Michio
didn’t pull punches, and he didn’t see himself as much of a wingman either—but today, for Taichi,
he decided to make an exception, and allowed the punch to land. “Ono!” Ono Michio shouted as he
intentionally fell to the ground and feigned a much worse injury than he actually had. The pride of
Onomichi was out of the fight, meaning Taichi could land the fight-ending blow.
“Ono Michio!!” Taichi yelled out. He glared at the thug and tackled him, pinning him to the
ground. He then punched him in the face, knocking him out. He stood up and glared at the men as
they groaned on the floor.
“Ow… What’s your problem, man…?” one of them asked as he faded in and out of consciousness.
“Why do I feel like you were more worried about the mascot than me?” Chihiro asked.
“I was. You can handle yourself. Ono Michio’s just an ordinary dude in a costume.”
Ono Michio smiled as he laid on the floor, staring up at the sky. “Yeah…” he muttered. “An
ordinary dude…” You’re doing well, Taichi, he thought to himself. These kids didn’t need him
anymore at all. Maybe he shouldn’t have stepped in after all, but he never was one to turn down a
good fight.
“Hey, Ono Michio, you alright?” Taichi asked as he grabbed the mascot’s hand and pulled him up.
Then he groaned and shook his head. “What am I doing? I’m talking to a damn mascot like he’s the
real thing. Yo, dude in the costume. You think I can get your real name, so that I can thank you
properly?”
“My real name…? Uh… I’m not meant to break character.”

“Yeah? And I bet you’re not supposed to beat up thugs on the street, either,” Taichi laughed. “Come
on, man.”
“…S-Suzuki,” he lied. “Taichi Suzuki.”
“Well, Suzuki-san, thanks for your help,” Taichi said as he held his hand out. ‘Suzuki’ grabbed his
hand and shook it. “See ya around,” he said as he waved at him and started to walk away. Chihiro
stuck around and stared at the costumed man.
“You’re not supposed to be here,” Chihiro told him.
“I’m not sure what you’re talking about,” Suzuki replied. “I’m just a local, doing a costume gig
part time so that I can provide for my kids. Hmm?”
Chihiro stepped closer to him and glared into the costume’s eyeholes. “Seriously, Kiryu-san… Get
out.”
“Ah… you must work for the Daidoji,” Kiryu said, feigning ignorance. “I haven’t seen you around
the temple before.”
“Cut the bullshit. You’ve been following Taichi and I around since I started watching your
orphanage.”
“You mean ‘Tai-chan’, right?” Kiryu asked, mocking her. “You know fraternizing with my kids is
probably against some kind of Daidoji rule, right? Personally, I don’t care. Taichi’s grown. He can
make his own choices. But if I were you, I’d be a little less judgmental about what your fellow
agents are doing with their free time. Besides, Hanawa knows I’m here.”
“And I think you and I both know Hanawa-san has a soft spot for you,” Chihiro countered. “But
what about the rest of the Daidoji? What do you think the boss would do if he found out about
this?”
“Ngh…”
“Kiryu-san… I’m not saying this for my sake. I’m saying this for theirs. If they even start to
suspect you might still be alive… The consequences would be dire. For you… and for them. And
I’m gonna be honest with you… I think I care about Taichi too much to let that happen. Please…
Let them be happy without you. Leave town, tonight. Before it’s too late.”
She turned and started to catch up with Taichi.
“I did some research about your background,” Kiryu called out.
She stopped in her tracks. “…Oh?”
“Hanawa told me that, among your qualifications, you were bilingual. Obviously, Japanese is your
first language, but you disclosed that you were fluent in Chinese, as well.”
Chihiro glanced back at him. “Is that particularly noteworthy?”
“By itself, no. The Daidoji is mostly Japanese, but it does conscript a few Chinese and Koreans
from time to time. There’s even an American guy working for them now. No, what makes that
noteworthy is where you came from before this.” Kiryu narrowed his eyes at her, though she

couldn’t see it behind his mask. “That fire you escaped from, when you faked your death? You
didn’t disclose where it actually happened, or when.”
Chihiro was silent for a moment, before responding, “When I joined the Daidoji, I erased my past,
just as you did. You should stop looking into it, before you learn something you’d rather not know.
Because believe me… You’re looking for information that I’d rather forget, all things considered.”
Having said her piece, she continued making her way back towards Taichi. “Hey, Tai-chan, wait
up!”
“Hmm…” Kiryu hummed. Taichi seemed to really like her, and she liked him. But… Kiryu
couldn’t shake the feeling that there was more to her than even the Daidoji knew. Perhaps he was
being overprotective, but with shit hitting the fan in slow motion—first, Haruka ending up in the
slammer, and now the Saio Triad apparently operating in Okinawa, with Ichiban Kasuga somehow
tied up in the middle of it all—he felt like he couldn’t afford to not be overprotective.
And yet, Chihiro was correct. If word got to the Daidoji’s top brass that Kiryu was here, things
could get bad for him, and if the children at Morning Glory were to learn of his survival due to his
own carelessness, things would be very bad for them, too. Perhaps it would be better, for everyone,
if he were to just… fade away.
Sighing, he turned and walked away.
***
“Ah! Ahhh! Ow! Chihiro-chan, that hurts!” Taichi cried out as a sharp stinging sensation erupted
from his brow.
“It’ll hurt a lot more when it’s infected, now quit complaining and hold still!” Chihiro scolded.
The two of them had retreated back to the Golden Dragon after the fight. She brought him up to
Kasuga’s room—he was out, apparently—and was currently applying antiseptic to his wound with
a cotton ball. “He got you good. You’re lucky he didn’t hit your eye,” Chihiro muttered as she put
the cotton ball down and bandaged the wound. “There. That’ll stop it from getting infected.”
“Thanks…” He looked up at her. She was smiling sweetly at him. He could swear it nearly made
his heart stop. “Uh… aw, jeez…”
***
Kasuga returned to the Golden Dragon, exhausted. “Man… how do I get myself into these
situations?” He’d just been back from an underground weapons workshop to upgrade his bat.
Something he did must’ve really impressed the owner, a young woman named Asami, because
when they were alone she gave him a… special service. He thought it’d be fun. It wasn’t. It
involved a power drill. He did not know that some people used those kinds of tools in the way that
Asami did, and frankly, he could’ve gone the rest of his life without ever knowing and been
perfectly fine.
He sat down at the bar, and the bartender poured him a drink. “Thanks,” he thanked as he drank it.
He winced as it burned his throat. “Goddamn, what’s in this?”
The bartender chuckled. “Cinnamon. It’s called Fireball. It’s an import from Canada. I got a friend
that runs a bar in Hawaii. He says the stuff sells like hot cakes in the States, so I thought I’d order a

few bottles, seeing as how we got so much US military here in Okinawa.”
“Warn a guy next time,” Kasuga chuckled. “Although… it was pretty good.” Suddenly, he heard a
cell phone vibrating. He checked his pocket. “Not mine. That yours?”
The bartender looked down at his phone and shook his head. “Nope. Oh, I do have a text message
from another friend of mine, though. He runs a bar in Los Angeles. If ya ever find yourself out
there, it’s called ‘Bar Fly’.”
Kasuga, who wasn’t listening, looked around and noticed that Taichi’s phone had been left on the
bar. “Ah… it’s Taichi-san’s… Where’s he at?”
The bartender pointed upwards. “As my Hawaiian friend would say, he’s up on the ‘ruff’… or
upstairs, anyway. Apparently, he an’ Chihiro ended up getting into a scrap with some local thugs by
the arcade, and he took some bad hits.”
“Is he okay?” Kasuga asked.
“Yeah, he’s fine. Chihiro made him lay down and take it easy. Although… she never came back
down either.”
“I better take this up to him,” Kasuga said as he grabbed Taichi’s phone, which was no longer
vibrating. “Let’s see… missed call from… Ayako. Must be orphanage business.” He walked up the
stairs and knocked on the door. “Yo, Taichi-san, you awake?”
After a moment, the door slid slightly open, and Taichi, wearing his pants but no shirt, poked his
head out. “Oh, K-Kasuga,” he greeted, his face a bit red. “Hey.”
“Oh, hey, didn’t mean to interrupt your rest,” Kasuga said. “Heard you took a bad punch. You
alright?”
Taichi nodded. “Yeah, I’m fine.” He pointed to a bandaged scrape on his brow. “Guy got me with
his brass knuckles.”
Kasuga laughed. “Been there, man.”
“Honestly, it wasn’t even bleeding that bad,” Taichi chuckled. “But Chihiro-chan got all worried,
and insisted that I lay down after that.”
“Hey man, rest is important,” Kasuga said. “You know, she really seems to like you.”
Taichi’s face reddened. “Y-yeah… I think she does.”
“Do you like her?”
“Uh…”
“Hey, where’s she at, anyway?”
Taichi cleared his throat awkwardly. “Um, I think I need to lay down some more, so…”
“Oh, yeah, for sure, for sure. Get some rest. Sorry to keep you.”

Taichi nodded and stepped back from the door, but it very quickly slid fully open and Chihiro
walked out of the room… wearing Taichi’s shirt and not much else. “This place has a shower,
right?” she asked, looking around.
Kasuga stared at her, wide-eyed. He slowly turned to stare at Taichi, whose face was beet red. He
then slowly turned his head back to Chihiro. “Y-yeah, I think there’s… one down the hall…”
Chihiro smiled and nodded. “Thanks, Kasuga.” She stepped past Kasuga and entered the bathroom
down the hall. The water started running a moment later. Kasuga slowly turned to look back at
Taichi, who glanced away from him sheepishly.
“Um… I know how this looks…” Taichi muttered.
“So… I guess you do like her,” Kasuga said, grinning.
“A- a little, yeah…” Taichi responded, causing Kasuga to laugh.

Chapter 24: Homeland Insecurity
The children of Morning Glory Orphanage made their way inside as the sun began to set behind the
horizon, the ocean sparkling like a diamond. “Dinner’s almost ready, come on, everybody in!”
Ayako called out as the stragglers made their way in. “Shoes off at the door, we’re not animals…
Hmm?” She looked out towards the roadway and noticed a prefectural police vehicle pulling up
and coming to a stop just outside of the orphanage. “Oh, no…”
Mitsuo stepped out of the orphanage. “Yo, Ayako, everybody’s seated, do you want me to… huh?”
Two police officers stepped out of the vehicle and started walking towards Ayako and Mitsuo. “Oh,
shit,” he cursed under his breath, taking a step backwards.
“Evening,” one of the officers greeted. He was a tall, middle-aged man with short black hair and
wrinkles around his eyes and a cigarette in his mouth. He wore a blue suit, unbuttoned, with a light
blue dress shirt and a black tie. He flashed a badge at them, holding it in a gloved hand. “Akio
Yamamoto, Tokyo police.”
Akio Yamamoto
Detective, Tokyo MPD, Kamuro Division
“Tokyo?” Ayako asked. “Exactly what is an officer from Tokyo doing all the way down here?”
Yamamoto took the cigarette out of his mouth and blew out a puff of smoke. “Cross-prefectural
investigation. Tokyo’s involved. Okinawa’s involved. Kanagawa’s involved. I wanted to speak with
you about Haruka Sawamura.”
“We don’t talk to cops,” Mitsuo replied, glaring.
“It is in your best interest to cooperate with us… Mitsuo Kiryu, is that right?” Yamamoto asked,
causing Mitsuo to gasp. “You swore up with the Seiryu Clan, back in Tokyo. Far as I’m concerned,
if you’re even a little bit uncooperative, I’m within my rights to throw every anti-yakuza law in the
book at you. So maybe keep your mouth shut while I’m talking to you, huh?”
“Get inside, Mitsuo,” Ayako said quietly. “I’ll deal with this.”
Mitsuo gave her a worried look. “But…”
“Start dinner without me. I’ll be there in a moment.”
Hesitantly, Mitsuo nodded. “Okay.” He stepped inside, leaving Ayako with the officers.
“Fucking foreigners,” Yamamoto scoffed. “You ask me, those animals are all criminals in the
making.”
Though his racist attitude was making Ayako’s blood boil, she had to let it slide. She didn’t want to
make things worse for the children than they already were. It wasn’t like there was much she could
do anyway… but if Uncle Kaz were here, this guy’d be leaving with a broken nose. “What is it you
want, officer?”

“We wanted to talk to you about an ongoing case,” Yamamoto explained. “As I’m sure you’re
aware by now, this orphanage’s caretaker was arrested for murder, up in Tokyo.”
“She’s innocent,” Ayako interrupted. “You’re holding her unfairly.”
“I know.”
“You— wait, what?”
Yamamoto sighed. “The truth is, the only reason she’s still in our custody is because she’s refusing
to give up the real masterminds. Masaharu Kaito is one of them. We suspect he’s still somewhere in
Tokyo, but he hasn’t turned up yet.” He turned to the other police officer—an Okinawa officer—
and nodded at him. The officer pulled a photo out of his pocket and showed it to Ayako. “This is
Ichiban Kasuga,” Yamamoto explained. “Of the Arakawa Family. We believe he took over the
family after the death of its patriarch, Masumi Arakawa and, with Sawamura and Kaito’s help,
restructured the family as the main family of a new cross-national yakuza organization, the Shin
Tojo Alliance.”
Wait, Ayako thought, Ichiban Kasuga… that’s the man Haruka said she was in Yokohama to meet
with in the first place! That’s the same Ichiban I saw at the Pocket Circuit Stadium!
“That look on your face tells me you know who this guy is,” Yamamoto said. “Like I said, we don’t
think Sawamura killed the Seiryu Clan’s captain… but she is involved with Kasuga and Kaito. We
believe they founded the Shin Tojo Alliance together, to fill the power vacuum left by the great
dissolution.”
“Haruka wouldn’t involve herself in something like that.”
“We believe she was fooled into making a rash decision by Kaito and Kasuga,” Yamamoto
explained. “As I understand it, this orphanage has had quite a few money troubles over the years.
We also understand that Sawamura made contact with one Shun Akiyama, an unscrupulous
moneylender in Osaka with ties to former Tojo Clan associates only days before her arrest. Then
there is the fact that she was raised by a yakuza... she married a yakuza... Really, it's the only life
she knows. We believe Sawamura may have been convinced that organized crime was the only way
to provide for the children here at this… lovely establishment.”
“She’s not stupid.”
“Never said she was. But… Can you honestly say she isn’t prone to making bad decisions in times
of hardship?”
Ayako opened her mouth to reply, but no words came out. She thought about it. Haruka did have a
tendency to act rather impulsively. It was one of Uncle Kaz’s worst traits that she seemed to have
picked up from him. “I… I met Ichiban Kasuga, once,” she replied, intentionally vague in her
wording. “He doesn’t seem like a gang boss to me.”
“He doesn’t,” Yamamoto conceded. “That’s what makes him so dangerous. He is an incredibly
charismatic individual. He’s got a lot in common with some of the most dangerous cult leaders. He
even has his own group of fanatical followers that he calls a ‘party’, who live and die by his word.
He suffers from delusions of grandeur, and believes his entire life is a video game, and that he’s
some kind of action hero. We believe Haruka Sawamura became wrapped up in this ‘party’ of his
and was tapped to be the public face of the Shin Tojo Alliance. We believe Kasuga additionally

tasked Kaito, formerly of the Tojo Clan’s Matsugane Family, with the Seiryu Clan hit. We don’t
currently think Sawamura was aware that a hit was to take place.”
“So then why do you still have her in custody?” Ayako asked. “Why not bring her home?”
“I’d like to, believe me,” Yamamoto sighed. “But because of anti-yakuza legislation passed in
Tokyo by former Governor Ryo Aoki, Sawamura, as the suspected chairwoman, must accept the
blame for the murder. Unless…”
“Unless?”
“Unless we were to apprehend Kasuga, the true mastermind. Then, Haruka Sawamura could go
free. Did you happen to see the news of the shooting in Naha the other day?” he asked, appearing to
change the subject.
Ayako nodded. “Yeah. That was really scary. I shop on that street all the time.”
“Well, the Okinawa police were reviewing street cameras in an attempt to find the culprit,”
Yamamoto explained. “Guess where we got that photo from.”
Ayako looked down at the photo of Kasuga in her hands. “…Kasuga did it?”
“It would be more accurate to say he ordered one of his ‘party members’ to do it. Do you see now
how dangerous he truly is? People will kill for him.”
Ayako looked back up at Yamamoto, a worried look on her face. “I…”
“I’ll leave you to eat your dinner,” Yamamoto interrupted, handing her a card. “There’s my card. If
you have any information that could lead to Kasuga’s capture… Give me a call. You want Haruka
home for Christmas… don’t you?” He turned to his partner and nodded at him. “Let’s go.” Ayako
watched as they walked back to their car. Though she couldn’t see, Yamamoto was smirking.
“They think Haruka’s been tricked?” Mitsuo asked as he stepped back outside.
“You heard, huh?” Ayako said glumly.
“Yeah. I don’t believe she’d get herself wrapped up in the yakuza,” Mitsuo said. “She’s not as
dumb as me.”
“But… if Ichiban Kasuga is as persuasive as they say he is…” She turned to Mitsuo. “What do we
do?”
Mitsuo shrugged. “If you ask me… that racist prick was full of shit.”
“But why would Kasuga be in Okinawa now?” Ayako asked. “What if he’s going to come after us?
After you, and Haruto?”
Mitsuo smiled at her and grabbed his bat from the entryway, lifting it over his head and letting it
rest on his shoulder. “If he even gets close… He’ll have me to deal with. Taichi too. Speaking of
which… Where is Taichi?”
“He’s…” Ayako’s eyes widened. “Oh my god.”

“What?”
“He’s been hanging out with Kasuga.”
“He WHAT?!”
Ayako nodded. “We saw them all together at the Pocket Circuit Stadium in town.”
“Oh, man… You think he’s roped Taichi into his yakuza bullshit too?!”
“I don’t want to believe it,” Ayako sighed, “but Taichi can be a little too trusting of new people. Let
me give him a call…”
***
Taichi received a playful, but still rather strong, punch to his shoulder as Kasuga laughed. “Ow!”
“You dog, Taichi-san!” Kasuga laughed. They were still standing outside of the guest room at the
Golden Dragon, where a tryst had recently taken place between Taichi and Chihiro. “I didn’t know
you had it in ya!” He leaned in real close, a shit-eating grin on his face. “Or… did she take the
initiative?”
“Uh… I mean, I’m not gonna describe it to you, but… I kissed her first,” Taichi insisted.
“Oh, sure, sure… but then the stuff that came after? Was that you or her?”
Taichi rolled his eyes. “We’re done talking about this.”
“Hey man, ain’t no shame in taking a… ‘supporting’ role. She seems like the assertive type.”
Taichi shoved him and walked back into the room. “Whatever, man.” He grabbed his undershirt
from the floor and put it on. “So, what was it you wanted to tell me?”
Remembering the reason he came up here in the first place, Kasuga nodded and handed Taichi his
phone. “You got a phone call. From the orphanage.”
“Oh, shit, really?” Taichi looked at the screen. “I hope everything’s okay,” he said as he called
Ayako back.
***
Taichi and Kasuga sat at the bar as Taichi spoke with Ayako. She explained the entire encounter
she’d just had, sounding really worried the entire time. “Yeah…” Taichi muttered in response to
something she said. “Look, Ayako, that cop was clearly crooked. Kasuga’s not anything like he
said. …He told you I’d say that, huh? …No, he’s not a cultist.” Taichi paused and glanced at
Kasuga. “You’re not a cultist, right?”
“What? No!” Kasuga replied, then thought about it. “Well… I did accidentally join Munan Cohept
a few months ago, during a trip to Sotenbori… But I got that sorted out.”
“Look, Ayako… I promise, you don’t have anything to worry about. Kasuga’s a good guy. He’s
looking out for us,” Taichi said. “...Where am I? Uhhh, I’m with him right now. Downtown.”

As Taichi spoke to Ayako, Kasuga noticed Chihiro, now dressed in her usual outfit, walking down
the stairs and heading toward the door, a serious look on her face. She glanced at the two men, then
sighed and stepped out.
“Where’s she going?” Kasuga wondered aloud. “Hanawa-san must have called her in for
something.”
“Ah! Uh, gotta go, Ayako, sorry!” Taichi hung up and followed Chihiro out. “Chihiro-chan, wait
up!” he called out. “Hey, so, uh… about what happened back there… Was that, like… real?”
Chihiro sighed. “The sex, you mean?”
Taichi nodded. “Yeah. Like… I’m totally cool if it wasn’t,” he said, lying through his teeth. “It’s
just, you know… Everything that led up to it… at the arcade… It felt real. Or… was I imagining
that?”
Chihiro chuckled. “No. You weren’t, Tai-chan. It was real. Every moment was."
Taichi frowned. “But… because of your work… It’s not supposed to be. Right?”
“Yeah.”
Taichi sighed. “I’m sorry, Chihiro-chan.”
“What are you sorry for? I should be keeping you at arm’s length.” For more reasons than one, she
thought.
“Because… I sort of want to join the Daidoji, if it means I get to be with you,” Taichi explained.
“But I imagine it would mean cutting myself off from everyone else I love, right?” Chihiro nodded.
“So… I can’t do that. Family comes first.”
“I agree,” Chihiro replied. “Family comes first…” She frowned. Family… “Tai-chan… I need to
make a call. Can you leave me alone for a moment?”
Taichi nodded. “Of course. Do what you need to do.” He stepped back into the bar, and Chihiro
pulled out her phone and dialed a number.
Zhao, Joongi, and Adachi were walking back towards the bar, when they saw Chihiro on her phone.
Zhao held an arm out in front of his companions, and they stepped back around the corner.
“Hey, what gives?” Adachi asked.
“Quiet,” Zhao said in a hushed tone. “Listen.”
The group tried to listen in on Chihiro’s conversation… except that they couldn’t understand a
word of it. Whatever language it was, it wasn’t Japanese. “Wait,” Adachi said. “Is that…?”
“Yep,” Zhao confirmed. “Chinese.”
“That’s not that weird,” Joongi reasoned. “The Daidoji probably recruits Japanese from all
backgrounds. Can’t run a spy ring if you can’t understand what the members of the largest foreign
minority in the country are saying to each other.”

“But why would she be speaking Chinese to anyone at the Daidoji?”
“I’m… sure there’s a reason. Can you translate?” Adachi asked, to which Zhao nodded.
“[...call the whole thing off. ...Yes, you heard me.]” Chihiro listened to the voice on the other end,
then sighed. “[No… I haven’t forgotten… Yes, I fully intend to secure the asset.]”
“Asset?” Adachi whispered. “What asset?”
“[I’m just saying we don’t need all of those men. I can get in there myself,]” Chihiro continued.
“[The Daidoji have tasked me with watching over Taichi. Taichi lives at Morning Glory. He trusts
me. …That’s not really any of your business. The point is, I can get into Morning Glory without
raising any alarms at the Daidoji now, they’ll think it’s part of my mission. And if I do that, I can be
halfway to Osaka before anyone even realizes that Sawamura is gone.]”
Adachi’s jaw dropped. “What?”
“[...Yes… Yes, I understand… But if we do things your way, people at Morning Glory might get
hurt. They’re good people. They shouldn’t be punished for the crimes of one. …Soft? N-no, I
haven’t gone soft, I’m just thinking pragmatically. Just give me a few more days. And quit sending
your raiding parties here. They’re not helping. …Okay. Yes. We’ll speak soon, Lao Ma.]” She hung
up and started walking back down the street.
Adachi, Zhao, and Joongi gasped, alerting her to their presence. She gasped and stared at them,
wide-eyed.
“Oh, fuck…” she muttered.
“What the fuck?! ” Zhao exclaimed as he and the others came around the corner.
“Shit,” Chihiro swore, her eyes widening as she backed away from the group.
“You… you’re a mole?!” Zhao accused, stepping towards her.
“I don’t know what you heard, but you need to pretend you didn’t,” Chihiro threatened.
“Where’s Mabuchi?!” Zhao demanded. “You’ve been working for him the whole time, haven’t
you?! Are you planning to kill Haruto Sawamura for him?!”
Chihiro glared at Zhao, then reached into her suit jacket and pulled out a handgun. “One more step,
and your life is about to get a lot harder.”
“You think I haven’t had guns pointed at me before?” Zhao asked. “That’s barely even a threat
anymore.” Just then, Kasuga and Taichi stepped outside, the commotion having drawn them out.
“The hell’s going on out here?” Kasuga asked. “Huh? Chihiro-chan, where’d you get a gun?!”
She held her phone back up to her ear, having dialed another number. The person on the other end
picked up in two rings. “Hanawa-san. Kasuga’s violated the agreement.”
“What?!” Kasuga exclaimed.

“Chihiro-chan, what’s going-?” Taichi asked, shutting up once Chihiro pointed her gun at his face.
“H-huh?!”
“Don’t say a word,” she threatened in a hushed tone. “Hanawa-san, are you there? Ichiban Kasuga
is on his way to Morning Glory right now. He’s planning to kidnap Haruto Sawamura to bring him
back to Yokohama. He thinks he’s safer there.”
“That fucking moron,” Hanawa groaned. “Okay. Is Taichi with you?”
“He is.”
“Get him to a safe location. We’ll have our men ready to greet Kasuga. If he comes anywhere near
the orphanage, he dies.”
Chihiro smirked. “Good to hear.” She hung up.
“What the hell?!” Kasuga exclaimed. “What’s gotten into you?!”
“Kasuga, she’s working for Mabuchi!” Zhao yelled out. “She’s after Haruto!”
“What?!” Taichi exclaimed. “Chihiro-chan, that’s not true, is it?!” His heart felt like it was being
shattered into a million pieces. Was she just using him? No… he thought. She’s not like that.
Something else is going on here.
Chihiro looked at the men that were surrounding her. She had to speed her plans up, by a lot.
“Sorry, Tai-chan,” she sighed. “I really do like you. But… work comes first, you know?”
“H-huh?!”
Chihiro grabbed Taichi and held him by his neck with one arm, and pointed her gun at his temple
with her other. “If anybody follows me, the walls get a new coat of paint. I was thinking red and
pink. Does that sound good?”
“A-ah!” Taichi exclaimed. “Ah, this is too assertive! Guys… a little help?!”
“Chihiro-chan,” Kasuga said cautiously. “Whatever’s going on… Whatever Mabuchi’s threatened
you into doing… We can help you. Please… put the gun down, will you?!”
Chihiro glared at Kasuga, then pistol-whipped Taichi, knocking him out cold. She dropped him on
the floor, and, while the others were busy trying to make sure he was okay, she ran as fast as she
could.
“Shit!” Adachi exclaimed. “Kasuga, we’ve got Taichi! You gotta follow her!”
Kasuga nodded. “Right.” He took off after Chihiro, chasing her through the streets of Ryukyu. “Get
back here! Chihiro-chan, we can talk about this!”
“Fuck off!” Chihiro spat as she ran through a crowd of people. Kasuga side-stepped the crowd and
continued the chase.
“We can help you!” he called out. He jumped over a civilian’s head to avoid a collision. “Sorry, in a
hurry!” he called out to the understandably confused man. Chihiro turned a corner, and Kasuga
turned it right behind her, dodging an oncoming car as he did so. “You could start over right here!

Come on, please, think this through!” Chihiro then ran up a set of stairs leading to a monorail
station. Kasuga followed her, running out of breath as he reached the top. “Chihiro-chan…
please… You can trust us.”
Chihiro turned around to glare at Kasuga. “Don’t you get it? It doesn’t matter if I trust you or not.
We’re not on the same side! If we were, this wouldn’t even be happening. The question is, why did
you ever trust me? Do you extend your friendship to every shady stranger you meet?”
Kasuga sighed. “More than I’d like to admit. Some people say it’s one of my worst qualities. But I
like to think I’m pretty good at reading people. Or at least… I can see the good in all people. Come
on, Chihiro-chan. Let’s head back to the bar, get a couple of drinks, and talk about this. You, me…
and Taichi.”
“You realize I’m working for Mabuchi, right?”
“I gathered. But we’ve all worked shit jobs, right? What’s stopping you from clocking out,
marching up to the manager and putting your two weeks in?” He smiled at her. “I pretty much did!
I stepped away from the entire underworld after the Great Dissolution. I’m helping ex-yakuza with
nowhere else to go try and find better lives as civilians. And I can help you too.” He held his hand
out to her. “Come on. What do you say? Let me help you.”
Chihiro rolled her eyes and stepped onto the train. “Hanawa was right about one thing. You really
are an idiot, Ichiban Kasuga.” The doors shut and the train started off towards its destination.
“Shit!” That never works, why do I keep trying it?! Kasuga thought as he followed the train to the
end of the platform, but wasn’t able to catch it in time—and in fact, wasn’t sure what he would’ve
done if he did catch it. Adachi, Zhao, and Joongi Han caught up with him a moment later. “She got
away,” he muttered. “But… I don’t think she plans to hurt Haruto, so there’s that, at least.”
“This line’s terminus is Morning Glory Station,” Joongi said, reading a map on the wall. “That’s
not far from the orphanage. She’s going to get there before we do.”
“Hopefully Hanawa-san figures out what’s going on before then,” Kasuga said.
“What do you think they’ll do to her?” Taichi asked, alerting everyone to his presence. They all
turned around and stared at him. “When they find out she betrayed them, I mean.” The group
collectively sighed. The answer, they guessed, would be extraordinarily distressing to Taichi.
“Answer me, dammit! What’s gonna happen to Chihiro?!”
“Kid… She’s about to piss off the secret police,” Adachi explained. “The very secret police. So
she’s not walking away from that.”
“So… you’re saying they’re gonna kill her?!” Taichi exclaimed. “They can’t do that!”
“They can, and they will,” Zhao said.
“No they won’t,” Kasuga responded.
“Huh?”
Kasuga, in spite of the shitty situation, smiled at his companions. “Because we’re gonna be there to
stop everything from going down. We’ll save both of them. Haruto and Chihiro.”

“And then the Daidoji are gonna want to kill us,” Adachi said as he frowned.
“Eh… We’ll cross that bridge when we get to it.” He turned around and stared at the now-empty
railway. “First, we gotta figure out how we’re gonna beat her to the orphanage.”
“Sounds like you need someone who can drive fast,” a young, smug-sounding voice said behind
him. The group turned around and found themselves face-to-face with a young, slender man with a
handsome face and dyed, parted light-brown hair, wearing a white t-shirt, black sweatpants, and a
pair of black and white high-top sneakers. “Lucky for you, I happened to turn up.”
Zhao’s eyes widened. “No way… What are you doing here?”
“Do you know this guy, Zhao-san?” Taichi asked.
“This is a new detective on the block in Ijincho,” Zhao explained. “He helped solve the Seiryo
High murders last year, back in Ijincho.”
“Oh, yeah, I heard about that,” Kasuga realized. “So you must be…”
Fumiya Sugiura
Yokohama 99
“I see my reputation precedes me,” Sugiura chuckled. “Mind you, I actually wasn’t aware I had
much of a reputation to begin with. Anyway… You guys need a lift?”

Chapter 25: Morning Glory Road
Sugiura drove a lot faster than most were comfortable with, but probably about as fast as he needed
to, down the winding rural Okinawa roads towards Morning Glory Road, which straddled a beach
and a mountain in a remote part of the island. At some point, Kasuga had changed back into his
iconic red suit from his yakuza days, which he wore despite the island heat. “So, if you’re a
detective up in Ijincho, what are you doing here in Okinawa?” he asked.
“Well, if you’ve checked the news lately, you probably know that I’m a wanted man up in
Kanagawa,” Sugiura explained. “A few nights ago, right after Haruka Sawamura was arrested in
Tokyo, I got a call from Takayuki Yagami, who runs Yagami Detective Agency in Kamurocho. He
told me that his partner Kaito was on the run because of that, and that the police would probably be
coming for all of his associates. Wouldn’t you know it, minutes later, my partner Tsukumo hears on
a hacked police scanner that arrest warrants have been issued for all of us. Me, Yagami, Kaito,
Tsukumo—even our ex-yakuza acquaintance Higashi, and he runs an arcade for God’s sake. He
was pretty much out of the game even before the Great Dissolution. Apparently, they think we’re
all part of a massive plot to revive the Tojo Clan. They’re calling us the ‘Shin Tojo Alliance’ in the
media. As if I’d want anything to do with the yakuza.” He smirked at Kasuga. “Present company
excluded, of course.”
“So you guys got out of town before the police could even move on you,” Kasuga deduced,
nodding. “Smart.”
“Yup. Me and Tsukumo split up, because they were gonna be looking for a pair. Yagami was in
Sotenbori at the time on an unrelated case, so he’s staying there and laying low until things cool
down. No idea where Higashi and Kaito are, although I imagine two ex-yakuza know where to go
when things get nasty, so I’m not too worried about them.”
“So what made you come to Okinawa?” Adachi asked.
“Same reason you’re here,” Sugiura said. “Yagami told me that Kaito wanted him to look into
something called the Daidoji Faction, and that they seemed to have a particular interest in
Sawamura herself. So he asked me to come to Okinawa, where she lived, and see if I could turn
anything up here. No way I could turn down a trip to the beach. But, my search came up short…
Until I happened to hear about four jackasses from Yokohama who were causing all sorts of
problems for the local triads. Tracking you guys down seemed to be my best bet, and lo and behold,
we’re on our way to a Daidoji confrontation.”
Adachi raised an eyebrow. “How’d you get this far without cops scooping you up? Surely an APB
would’ve been sent out about you as soon as they realized you’d fled Yokohama, and you can’t get
to Okinawa without passing through some kind of ID checkpoint.”
Sugiura laughed. “Yeah. Everyone’s looking for Fumiya Sugiura. Unfortunately for the police,
Fumiya Sugiura doesn’t exist.” He pulled his wallet out and passed it to Kasuga. “Peep my ID.”
Kasuga grabbed his wallet and opened it.
Fumiya Terasawa
“Damn… They put an APB out on your alias? That’s kind of nuts.”

“Well, I haven’t used the name ‘Terasawa’ on anything in quite some time,” Sugiura chuckled,
although there was a hint of sadness in his voice. “Taichi, have you gotten in touch with anyone at
Morning Glory?”
Taichi shook his head. “Nobody’s picking up.”
“Well, it is dark,” Adachi said hopefully. “Maybe they’re just sleeping.”
“I sure hope so,” Sugiura said. “Anyway… We’re coming up on Morning Glory Road… oh, shit,”
he cursed as he slammed on his brakes.
Two black sedans had blocked the road, and several men in suits were standing in front of them.
Hanawa stood in the center of the group, smoking a cigarette. Sugiura’s car came to a stop about
fifty feet away from the roadblock.
“I imagine those guys are the Daidoji,” he said.
Kasuga nodded. “Yeah. Hey, I appreciate the ride… but I think this is as far as you go. You really
don’t wanna get involved with these guys. We’ll take it from here.”
Sugiura nodded. “I figured that’d be the case.”
“And as for the kid… take him back into town.”
Taichi looked at Kasuga. “What?”
“Sorry, Taichi-san,” Kasuga said as he and most of the others stepped out of the vehicle, with
Sugiura keeping Taichi’s door locked. Kasuga closed his door, and Sugiura locked that as well,
keeping the window rolled down so Kasuga could speak with Taichi. “But shit’s getting too
dangerous now. If you got hurt here, I don’t think I’d ever be able to face Kiryu-san… in this life,
or in any others.”
“No!” Taichi yelled, pulling on his door handle. “Hey, let me out!”
“Sorry, kid,” Sugiura apologized, “but you’re gonna have to listen to Kasuga on this one.”
“I promise, Chihiro and Haruto are both gonna be safe,” Kasuga assured him. “Trust me.”
“I want to fight by your side!” Taichi exclaimed. “Uncle Kaz wouldn’t have run from this fight, so
neither will I!”
“Kiryu wouldn’t have wanted you getting yourself killed either,” Zhao pointed out. “Let the
professionals handle this one.”
Kasuga nodded to Sugiura, who rolled up the window and turned the car around, driving away
from the scene.
“Turn around!” Taichi demanded. “Do you hear me? Turn around!”
“Not happening, kid.”
“Somebody that I love is in danger!” Taichi exclaimed. “Both of them! Haruto’s in danger, and
Chihiro’s in danger! What if they get killed when I could’ve stopped it?! Do you even know what

that’s like? I bet you don’t.”
Sugiura glared at Taichi in his mirror. “Don’t go there.”
As Sugiura drove away, with Taichi bitching in his ear about it the whole time, Kasuga, Adachi,
Zhao, and Joongi walked towards the Daidoji roadblock, with Kasuga twirling his bat as he
approached them. “Yo! Hanawa-san,” he greeted rather casually. “You brought out the welcome
wagon just for me? You shouldn’t have.”
Hanawa narrowed his eyes at Kasuga. “Your foolishness truly knows no bounds, Ichiban Kasuga.”
“Yeah, I get that a lot. Now, look, I really don’t wanna have to fight you,” Kasuga warned, “but
plans changed, and I’m gonna need to get by you. You understand, right?”
“Oh, I understand,” Hanawa growled. “I understand that you are a nuisance that I should have
taken care of a LONG time ago. Last chance, Kasuga. Turn around, and walk away.”
“Not a chance.”
“Then you’ve brought this upon yourself.” Hanawa nodded to his underlings and tossed his
cigarette on the ground. “Kill them,” he ordered as he turned around and started walking in the
direction of the orphanage.
Adachi groaned as the group got ready for a fight. “You know what? I’m gonna say it. Fuck. Every.
Single. One. Of these Daidoji Faction pricks.”
***
Taichi sat in the back of Sugiura’s car, arms crossed as they drove back to Naha. After he stopped
complaining, the car fell eerily silent, which made the entire ride that much more uncomfortable.
Sugiura sighed.
“Taichi,” he said, “you have nothing to worry about. Kasuga’s got this.”
“He shouldn’t have to do this alone,” Taichi reasoned. “I can help. The Daidoji might kill him!
They might kill Chihiro… and if they don’t, who knows what Chihiro will do with Haruto.”
“What, and you think you’re the solution to that problem?”
Taichi leaned forward. “Sugiura-san… What would you do in my place? The people you care about
are in danger, and you’re supposed to just sit back and trust that justice is coming, with or without
you."
Sugiura’s grip on the wheel tightened. “Kasuga’s got this.”
“Do you have family, Sugiura-san?”
Sugiura didn’t answer.
“I said—.”
“I heard you,” Sugiura cut him off.

“So answer me. Whatever. I guess you don’t. If you did, you’d know how I feel.”
“I understand what you’re going through,” Sugiura growled, “believe me, I do, but what do you
expect to—?”
“Anything!” Taichi exclaimed. “Anything at all. Because as much as I trust Kasuga… If something
happened to Haruto, or Chihiro, or ANYONE at Morning Glory…”
Images of Sugiura’s late sister flashed in his mind. Emi Terasawa. Her life cut short by a madman.
He couldn’t get the image out of his head.
Emi Terasawa. Her body, lying on the floor of her burning apartment, covered in her own blood. A
multitude of stab wounds covered her chest and stomach. Fear frozen in her eyes, forever. Her last
tears staining her cheeks.
Emi Terasawa. The woman whose death could’ve been prevented, if only…
“…if anything happened to them, and I wasn’t there to stop it,” Taichi continued, “I’d never forgive
myself. Especially since I’m entrusting their safety to somebody I barely know…”
Images of Takayuki Yagami in the courtroom flashed in Sugiura’s mind. It wasn’t his fault that Emi
died. It wasn’t. But, whether it was fair of not, a small part of Sugiura still held him responsible, as
the man who got her involved in his first murder case all those years ago. She’d still be alive today
if Yagami had just looked the other way when Shinpei Okubo was accused of murder at the ADDC.
But that wouldn’t have been right, either. He’d simply be trading one innocent life for another.
Here, however… did there need to be a trade?
“Sugiura-san… In a situation like that… if there was anything you could do to create a better
outcome, wouldn’t you do it?” Taichi asked.
Sugiura took a deep breath. “Yeah,” he answered. “Yeah. I would. Maybe there’s nothing I could’ve
done anyway. Maybe I couldn’t have changed anything at all. But I didn’t try. I just trusted that
justice would run its course… And you know what? That’s bullshit. If you can take justice into
your own hands, you gotta dole it out, no matter who tries to stop you!”
Taichi smiled and nodded. “Exactly! …Uh, wait, are we still talking about Haruto and Chihiro,
or…?”
Suddenly, Sugiura slammed on the brakes and whipped the car around, his tires screeching as he
did a complete 180, and started driving back towards Morning Glory. Taichi cheered him on as the
car sped towards its destination.
***
Kasuga and his allies stood before their defeated Daidoji foes. “Come on, guys,” he ordered.
“We’re almost there.”
“I’m sure there’s more Daidoji assholes where that came from,” Adachi said. “Keep your guard
up.”
The four of them ran up the road, inching closer to Morning Glory Orphanage, their progress
periodically impeded by more Daidoji Faction thugs who ultimately proved to be of little

consequence now that the party was better prepared to deal with them. “Kasuga-kun,” Zhao said
after one fighy. “What‘s the plan once we reach the orphanage?”
“Haven’t figured that part out yet,” Kasuga admitted. “If Chihiro isn’t there yet, probably, uh…
kidnap Haruto Sawamura?”
“So… exactly what she told Hanawa we were planning on doing,” Adachi said.
“Y-yeah. She kind of forced our hand on that one,” Kasuga admitted. “I’m thinking we’ll have to
take him back to Ijincho and just sort of lay low until his mom’s trial is over. Then we’ll hand him
back over.”
“Yeah, and meanwhile you’ve got the entire government gunning for your ass,” Adachi laughed.
“Not only that, but Kazuma Kiryu is sure to get wind of it, and he doesn’t seem like the type to
ignore something like that. Does this really sound like a good idea to you?”
“Look, I’m thinking as I go, give me a break, okay?”
“What if they find her guilty?” Joongi asked. “Haruka Sawamura, I mean.”
“Well, Hanawa said they’ve got a plant in the court,” Kasuga reasoned. “I don’t think we have to
worry about that.”
“And… what if Chihiro’s already snatched the kid?” Zhao asked.
“Then we figure out where she’s taking him and follow them. And hopefully find her before the
Daidoji do.”
“She did say something about taking the ‘asset’ to Osaka,” Zhao mused. “Probably a lot of boats
bound for Hong Kong out there, and Sotenbori’s got one of the largest triad populations in Japan
outside of Yokohama now that the Omi Alliance is gone.”
Kasuga hummed. “Hmm. Sotenbori, eh? Isn’t that where Sugiura-san said his detective buddy’s
laying low? That means we’ve already got contacts there. Plus, the old Tojo Clan guard is there too,
Daigo Dojima and the others, and the Omi Alliance captain too, but… I’m not even sure how to get
in touch with them.” He sighed. “I wonder what Mabuchi has on Chihiro, though.”
“Maybe nothing,” Zhao said. “Maybe she’s on board 100%.”
“Nah, that can’t be true,” Kasuga denied. “I saw the way she looked at Taichi. That was real. No
way she’d do this if she wasn’t being forced to. Something else is going on here.”
Adachi wasn’t convinced. “She works for Japan’s most top-secret government organization.
Mabuchi shouldn’t even be able to touch her. Face it, Kasuga… She's a traitor. Straight-up.”
“Agh, that can’t be true, though…” Kasuga groaned. “Ah… dammit. Poor Taichi. Not even twenty
four hours, and his first love has already broken his heart.”
“That’s… a melodramatic way of putting it,” Adachi chuckled.
Finally, they could see the orphanage. All the lights were out. Everyone must’ve been asleep. That
was good. That meant they had beaten Chihiro here. Unfortunately, it also meant that, as far as the

Daidoji were concerned, they were still the enemy, so when Hanawa stepped in front of them as
they approached the orphanage, they didn’t expect a friendly chat.
“You’re really starting to piss me off, Kasuga,” he growled. “I know you think you’re doing
something heroic here, but you’re actually just making an ass of yourself.”
“Hanawa-san, we’re on the same side,” Kasuga pled. “You gotta believe us. We just want what’s
best for the kid.”
“I’m sure you do,” Hanawa replied. “I don’t doubt that. But it’s really not any of your business. The
Daidoji have been operating right here, underneath the orphans’ noses, for the better part of six
years, and you’re screwing all of that up!”
“We just wanna take Haruto away from where the Saio Triad are operating until Haruka gets out of
jail,” Kasuga claimed. “Wouldn’t you rather be safe than sorry?”
“I would rather you get over yourself!” Hanawa exclaimed as he pulled out an electrified baton,
which crackled with energy. “This ends right here, right now, Ichiban Kasuga!” He ran at the group
with his baton in the air and swung at Kasuga, who dodged the attack. He then swung at Adachi,
who deflected the attack with his own baton, and ducked just in time to miss a slash from Zhao’s
broadsword. He rolled away from the group, then charged at Kasuga and swung once again.
Kasuga pulled his bat out and blocked the attack, their glaring faces illuminated in the darkness by
the baton’s sparks.
KIHEI HANAWA
Daidoji Faction
Hanawa jumped backwards and held a defensive stance. “You’re really starting to get on my
nerves, Kasuga!” he called out.
“Yeah? Well up yours too, buddy,” Kasuga replied. He ran at Hanawa with a tenacious fist raised,
winding up an attack and swinging, as he punched him in the face and sent him backwards.
Hanawa was quick to get back on his feet and activated his rocket shoes, allowing him to move
twice per turn. He then grabbed one end of his baton. He split the baton in half and held one half in
each hand. He swung the two batons, causing the glowing blue cables from their first fight to fly
out and grab Joongi and Zhao, immobilizing them.
“Agh! Sorry, guys…” Zhao apologized as he found the bindings too strong to overcome. Joongi
was similarly in a tough spot.
“I’m up!” Adachi yelled as his turn came around. He ran up to Hanawa and grabbed him by his
legs and swung him around, then let go, causing him to fly across the yard. Undeterred, Hanawa
stood back up and attacked Kasuga, swinging his baton at him. Kasuga rolled backwards to dodge
the attack, not that it did much good as Hanawa’s speed meant he could just attack again. The
second attack connected, shocking Kasuga, but thankfully not paralyzing him. In response, Kasuga
backed up, then, dragging his bat along the floor, he ran at Hanawa. Once he reached him, he
swung the bat upwards and jumped into the air, sending Hanawa into the air with him, and then
swung his bat downwards, sending Hanawa crashing into the ground.
“Tch!” Hanawa scoffed as he stood up. “You’re persistent this time around. Fine. Let’s see how you
handle this!” He tapped an icon on his smartwatch and three small drones arrived to back him up.

“You know something? These weren’t even that expensive. We bought these off of the Seiryo High
Robotics Club.”
“A… high school robotics club?” Kasuga asked. “Seriously? The government can’t shell out for
something a little more… professional?”
“These students were particularly gifted,” Hanawa responded, smirking. “Observe.” He issued a
command to the drones. It was at this point that Kasuga noticed that each of the three drones had a
small projectile cannon on their undersides. The first targeted Adachi, rapidly firing a series of
small electrified projectiles which gave him a series of painful shocks.
“Ngh! Oh, that’s not good,” he groaned as he fell to the ground, stunned. The next drone fired a
shotgun blast, spread across a large area, at Zhao and Joongi, similarly shocking them. The third
one simply trained its sights on Kasuga and emitted a red laser, which stayed trained on him no
matter where he went.
“What the hell…? What kinda hardware were these high schoolers working with?!” Kasuga asked.
“Their outside counselor was very resourceful,” Hanawa chuckled.
“Kasuga,” Adachi said as he stood up. “If we want any chance at beating this guy, we gotta take his
drones out first.”
Joongi agreed. “Starting with the one that hasn’t fired yet. I have a feeling that once it does, you’re
in for a world of pain.”
Kasuga nodded. “Right.” He imagined a translucent protective barrier surrounding Hanawa which
wouldn’t go away until the drones were destroyed. Realizing he could probably destroy two of
them in one go, Kasuga held his bat in the air. “I call upon you… LIGHTNING!” he shouted as a
bolt of lightning struck his bat, giving him a slight jolt as well. He redirected the energy towards the
two drones to Hanawa’s left; the machine gunner was destroyed, but the shotgunner still had some
juice left in it. “Oh, shit…” he muttered. “Maybe I should’ve braced for the next attack instead.”
“I got you, Kasuga!” Zhao called out as his paralysis wore off. He ran at the sniper drone, which
was likely the larger of the three threats and which Kasuga probably should’ve prioritized, and
drew his broadsword. “Yah!” he yelled as he leapt at the drone and swung, sending it crashing to
the ground and smashing it. Joongi Han, who also recovered from his paralysis, drew a handgun
from his shirt and shot the remaining drone.
With all three drones down, Adachi was able to move on Hanawa. He did have a pair of handcuffs
on him; maybe he could just cuff him and be done with it? He tried just that, but Hanawa, of
course, was too fast for him and dodged the attack; and even if Adachi had cuffed him, he probably
could’ve easily gotten free of the cuffs. They were dealing with a government agent after all, sort
of.
“Is that the best you can do?” Hanawa taunted. He pulled out a pack of his explosive cigarettes, but
instead of pulling one out and lighting it, held the lighter to the package. Once it was aflame, he
tossed the package into the air, sending all twenty of the cigarettes inside flying and essentially
carpet bombing the area with explosives, damaging everyone on the field. He then ran at Adachi
with his baton and cracked him across the head with it, knocking him out. “Gee, this seems
familiar,” Hanawa chuckled. “Who’s next?”

Zhao growled at Hanawa and dashed towards him, broadsword drawn. Hanawa caught the attack
with ease, using his baton to block the sword’s downward swing, and then electrifying the blade,
electrocuting Zhao and sending him to the ground, unconscious. Joongi came up from behind, but
Hanawa anticipated this, and again broke the baton in half, turning around and wrapping both
cables around the hitman’s torso. He then threw his hands into the air and released Joongi, sending
him flying. He landed painfully on the ground below and collapsed, unable to continue fighting.
“Guys!” Kasuga called out. “Ngh…”
Hanawa returned his attention to Kasuga and stepped towards him, menacingly. “This brings me no
pleasure, Kasuga,” Hanawa growled. “But you’ve forced my hand.” He reached into his jacket and
pulled out a handgun.
Adachi pulled himself out of his daze long enough to see the gun. “K-Kasuga!” he called out as he
and Kasuga’s other allies struggled to stand.
“Stop!” a deep voice commanded from the shadows. Everyone looked over at the source of the
noise. Kazuma Kiryu stepped out into the moonlight, a stoic and unreadable look on his face.
“It’s you…” Kasuga said softly. “Kazuma Kiryu.”
“I don’t believe I know you,” Kiryu dismissed, an aloof tone in his voice as he approached Hanawa
and grabbed the gun from his hand. “Why do you have this? Are you stupid?” he asked. “If you
shoot him, everyone in the orphanage is going to hear the gunshot and they’re all gonna come out
here and see what’s going on.”
“You didn’t leave town, yet? Why am I not surprised…?” Hanawa grumbled. “This… nuisance
here… He’s trying to kidnap Haruto Sawamura.”
“Kiryu-san, you know me,” Kasuga pleaded. “It’s me, Ichiban Kasuga, remember? You were at the
Great Dissolution! You were one of Watase-san’s bodyguards! You… kicked my ass afterwards, at
Geomijul?”
“Ah, yes… Kasuga… That does ring a bell.”
“Seriously, man?” Kasuga asked. “Look, I know that was probably a regular Tuesday for you, but
your Daidoji buddies have been on my ass since I got here, don’t pretend you didn’t know I was
here. Otherwise, you wouldn’t have shown up the way you did, just now. You just wanna look cool
and aloof.”
“Heh. Perhaps.”
“Kiryu… You’re WAY too close to Morning Glory,” Hanawa said threateningly. “That is—!”
“An extreme breach of our contract, I’m aware,” Kiryu replied. “Don’t worry. This won’t take
long.”
Kasuga was confused. “H-huh?”
“Kasuga. You need to leave,” Kiryu ordered. “Now.”
“Aw, come on, man, this is getting old…” Kasuga groaned. “Look. You guys have a traitor in the
Daidoji.”

“Excuse me?” Hanawa asked. “Where do you get off with accusations like that? Who is this
‘traitor’ you speak of?”
“I’ll deal with this, Hanawa,” Kiryu said. “Kasuga… let’s go for a walk.”
“Oh no!” Adachi said as he stepped in front of Kasuga. “Not without us. If you want Ichiban,
you’re going through us, first.”
“Adachi-san, it’s fine,” Kasuga cut him off. “He just wants to talk. Right, Kiryu-san?”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. The rest of you, stay here and watch over the orphanage. A certain idiot’s
incapacitated most of the frontline.”
“U-uh, yeah, I guess I did, huh…?” Kasuga muttered. “Adachi-san, Zhao-san, Joongi… can I count
on you guys to stand guard with Hanawa-san, here?”
“I’m not exactly crazy about the idea,” Adachi grumbled, glaring at Hanawa. “But yeah. We’ll
watch the perimeter.”
Kiryu nodded and turned to Kasuga. “Let’s go, Kasuga.” The two dragons turned and walked
toward the beach to have a little chat.

Chapter 26: For Your Sake
Chapter Summary

https://youtu.be/xFiJQ_acvvk

“I see… so that’s why you can’t see your kids,” Kasuga said, having had basically Kiryu’s entire
backstory since his supposed death in 2016 explained to him while the two men walked along the
beach across from Morning Glory. He learned about Onomichi, Haruka and Haruto, the Daidoji
Faction—everything. “You know none of them believe you’re dead, right? Taichi knows you’re out
there, somewhere.”
“I know,” Kiryu sighed as he lit a cigarette.
“And, with the Tojo and Omi gone, most of the organized crime threats against them are pretty
much gone too.”
“I know,” Kiryu repeated.
“So… why are you still working for these Daidoji assholes, then?” Kasuga asked. “The CLP
doesn’t even control the government anymore. Surely you could’ve gotten out a while ago.”
“You’re probably right,” Kiryu conceded. “But… I made a deal with them. I’m going to uphold my
end of the deal until they cut me loose voluntarily.”
“You do know they aren’t gonna do that, right?”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. But I still have no intention of running from my responsibilities to the
Daidoji.”
“Well, I guess that makes you a better man than me,” Kasuga chuckled. “If it were me, I’d have cut
and run the second I had the chance.”
“Is that so?” Kiryu asked, smirking. “Strange. Your loyalty to Masumi Arakawa after eighteen
years in prison without so much as a visit painted a strikingly different picture.”
“Ah… Okay, yeah, you got me there. But, still though. Arakawa-san was like family to me… He
wasn’t like family, he WAS family. The Daidoji are just your employers. That’s different, right?”
Kiryu sighed and thought about his next words for a moment. He decided to answer his question
with a slight change of subject. “Do you know what Haruka’s been up to in the last few days?”
“Huh?”
“She’s been through a lot, just this week alone, with some of your… ‘party’, you call them, yes? Yu
Nanba, Seonhee… and Saeko Mukoda.”

“Uh…”
“And yes, she’s in a bad spot right now. But… She’s grown into such a strong young woman. Not
just physically. Emotionally. She’s strong-willed, and has an even stronger sense of justice than I
do. That kind of strength… I’m not sure she’d be able to realize she’s got it if I were still around.”
Kiryu took a drag from his cigarette as he stared out at the ocean, the waves lighting up in the
moonlight. “She’s always been strong. When she was nine years old, she went through so much,
and it didn’t stop there. She’s been kidnapped, seen death… she’s even been shot. And she came
out of all of it with her head held high. And yet… when I went back to prison in 2013, she was lost.
“I thought, and I still think, that she had the strength to push forward without me even then. She
just didn’t realize that. When I faked my death, she had to find that strength within her, and I’m
afraid that, if she were to realize I was always around, watching her from the shadows, that she’ll
lose it all over again. The same goes for everyone else. I’ve been watching them grow up afar, and
in doing so, I realized… They don’t need me anymore. Nobody does.”
Kasuga was silent after hearing that. He thought long and hard about the things he wanted to say
and the best, most tactful, most delicate way to say those things. Finally, he found the words.
“Kiryu-san… Do you even fuckin’ hear yourself right now?!”
“What?” Kiryu replied, flatly.
“That is, without a doubt, the dumbest fucking thing I have ever heard,” Kasuga said, rather
critically. “And that’s saying something, because I’ve talked to some real goddamn morons. Hell,
I’m one of those morons, and I don’t think I’ve ever said anything that dumb.”
Kiryu narrowed his eyes at Kasuga. “Do you disagree? You’ve been hanging around Taichi. Can
you honestly say he needs me?”
Kasuga laughed. “Dude, who cares if anyone needs you,” he replied. “Is that the only thing that
gives your life purpose? It’s clear they all miss you man, isn’t that enough?”
“I don’t follow.”
“Agh, look, man, what I’m trying to say is… Who cares what you think they need. What do you
want?”
Kiryu was confused. “What do I… want?”
“Have you seriously never asked yourself that before?” Kasuga asked. “Come on, man, you’ve
gotta be like, what, 60 by now?”
Kiryu was slightly offended. “54…”
“And you said you joined the Daidoji six years ago, after leaving prison, right? And before that,
you were handling Tojo Clan business every other year, and before that, you were in prison, and
before that—.”
“What is your point, Kasuga?” Kiryu cut him off, bored with the subject.
“My point is, if you don’t think you have to live for others anymore, then live for yourself,
dammit!” Kasuga exclaimed. “I mean, jeez, do you have any self-worth, man?”

“I…” Kiryu thought about his words. Live for myself? What could he mean by that? He shook his
head and changed the subject. “Anyway. You said there’s a Daidoji traitor. Is it who I think it is?”
“You promise you won’t kill them?”
Kiryu shrugged. “I won’t. But I’m a very small cog in a very big machine. Besides, I think I
already have an idea who it is.”
“Alright… It’s… Chihiro Watanabe.”
“Thought so.” He took another drag from his cigarette, then put it out. “Alright, Kasuga, you can
head back to Ijincho. I’ve got it from here.”
“Not a chance.”
“Excuse me?”
“I’m seeing this through to the end, Kiryu-san,” Kasuga said defiantly. “I wanna make sure Harutokun is safe… But I also wanna make sure I’m here when Chihiro shows up so that the Daidoji
doesn’t make her ‘disappear’. So, sorry. Not leaving.”
Kiryu glared at Kasuga. “I’m not sure you understand. That wasn’t an offer. It was an order.”
“No, I got it. I’m just not good at following orders. Maybe one day you’ll meet my old captain, and
he can tell you all about it. Now, if you’ll excuse me…” Kasuga turned to walk back towards the
orphanage. Kiryu stepped in front of him. “Um…” He tried to step past Kiryu. Kiryu again moved
to block him.
“What do you intend to do when you get to that door?”
“Wait for Chihiro-chan?”
“And if she never arrives?” Kiryu asked, narrowing his gaze. “You can’t wait here indefinitely.”
“Well, I can get pretty close.” Kasuga stepped past Kiryu, but Kiryu blocked him again. “Agh…
look, man, you can’t get involved, right? So I’m getting involved on your behalf.” He tried to step
past Kiryu again. This time, Kiryu grabbed him by the collar and pushed him, causing him to lose
his balance and fall to the ground. “Agh! The hell’s your problem, man?!”
“How far are you willing to go to protect the people in that orphanage?”
Kasuga sighed. “Look… Kiryu-san… I want nothing more than Haruto Sawamura’s safety,” he
said as he stood up.
Kiryu stepped towards him. “How far. Are you willing to go?”
Kasuga’s heart started beating a lot faster, but he refused to waver. “As far as it takes. I’ll stand in
the way of everyone and everything to keep anyone from getting hurt. And when I’m done here,
I’m heading to Tokyo, and I’m going to help Haruka Sawamura, too.” Noticing Kiryu’s glare
faltering somewhat, Kasuga added, “If you have to stay in the shadows, so be it. I’ll take care of
things in your stead.”
“And you won’t give up, no matter who stands in your way?”

“I haven’t so far, have I?” Kasuga tried to step past Kiryu again, but Kiryu blocked him. “What is
your deal, man? I’m doing this for your sake.”
“I’m standing in your way, Kasuga. Are you still willing to go through with this?”
“Hang on… Are you… testing me, Kiryu-san?” Kiryu didn’t answer. His glare was unwavering,
and so was Kasuga’s determination to do what was right. Kasuga chuckled. “Let me put it in terms
you’ll understand.” He grabbed his left sleeve and threw his jacket and shirt off, revealing his
dragonfish irezumi, which covered his entire back. “Yeah. Even if the fearsome Dragon of Dojima
is standing in my way, I won’t back down.” He smirked as he held his fists up. “I’ve been itchin’
for a rematch, anyway.”
Kiryu’s glare was unfaltering. “Hmph. You’re dedicated to your ideals, Kasuga. I’ll give you that.”
He entered his legendary fighting stance, the stance that struck fear into the hearts of all but the
strongest, or the stupidest, in the Japanese underworld. “Now… show me how deep that dedication
runs. Defeat me if you really think you have what it takes!”
Kasuga grinned and ran at Kiryu, his fist held high. Kiryu ran at Kasuga to close the gap, his fist
going for a lower punch, and for Kiryu, time seemed to slow as he savored these opening moments
of the fight, as he always did when beginning a fight like this.
Ex-Tojo Clan, Arakawa Family
ICHIBAN KASUGA
Their punches collided with each other’s faces at nearly the exact same time, sending both of them
stumbling backwards. Surprisingly, Kasuga was still standing—the last time the two men fought,
he’d gone down in a single punch. Instead, though clearly fighting back a lot of pain from the blow,
he grinned at Kiryu and beckoned him for more with one hand. “Come on. Bring that shit, Kiryusan!” he exclaimed. Kiryu was more than happy to oblige.
Over the years, Kazuma Kiryu had perfected a variety of fighting styles, and he began this fight in
his legendary Yakuza style, a mixture of street brawling and a variety of martial arts moves that
Kiryu had cultivated over the years for what he believed was his ultimate fighting style. The two
men began the fight proper by circling each other, each man trying to get a read on the other and
figuring out just what his next move would be. Kasuga, Kiryu knew, was slow and meticulous in
the way he fought, almost as if he were waiting his turn. For his part, this meant Kiryu couldn’t
afford to be rash in his own movement, as one minor slip up could’ve been just the opening Kasuga
needed to launch a well-calculated counter attack.
Case-in-point; Kiryu made the first move, approaching Kasuga with a right hook, then a left hook,
and then an uppercut, but he telegraphed his move and Kasuga was able to block all but the last hit.
Not a huge deal, but still a reminder that Kasuga was smarter than he looked. With the uppercut
having broken Kasuga’s guard, Kiryu followed it up with a roundhouse kick to the face, sending
blood flying from Kasuga’s mouth as he reeled from the hit. Kasuga reacted by charging up a
tenacious fist and swinging, which Kiryu expertly quickstepped away from, giving him a small bit
of motivation, or ‘heat’ as Kiryu liked to call it, which would help him later.
Kasuga then ran at Kiryu and hit him with his own right and left hooks. These attacks actually
connected, which left Kiryu vulnerable to the finisher, which involved Kasuga clasping both of his
hands together over Kiryu’s head and slamming them both downwards, sending Kiryu into the

ground. The force was so great that he bounced upon impact with the ground, and Kasuga briefly
juggled him in the air with two more punches before whiffing a third, allowing Kiryu to recover.
He’s meticulous, but still faster than he looks, Kiryu thought, smirking as he quickstepped away
from Kasuga. Which means I need to be twice as fast. Kiryu switched to his next stance, which he
called his Rush style, a weak but speedy MMA style which allowed Kiryu to tackle quick
opponents. He ran at Kasuga and hit him with an incredible six punches in quick succession,
finishing with a seventh which he slammed into Kasuga’s face. He wasn’t done yet. He hit him
again, this time finishing with two kicks to the face, knocking him down. Kiryu then grabbed
Kasuga by his hair and punched him in the face again, sending him flying across the floor.
“That all you got?” Kasuga taunted as he quickly stood back up and ran at Kiryu. Kiryu met his
punch with a stiffened elbow, sending a painful jolt up Kasuga’s entire arm. While he was stunned,
Kiryu then hit him with an intense uppercut, again sending Kasuga to the ground. “You’re not so
tough,” Kasuga grumbled as he stood up again. He charged up a mortal attack, which Kiryu could
see coming a mile away. He jumped up at Kiryu with a knee directed towards his face, which Kiryu
was able to dodge. Time again seemed to slow down as Kiryu reacted by grabbing Kasuga’s leg
and spinning in a circle, letting go at terminal velocity and throwing Kasuga a lot farther than any
man should be able to throw another man.
Kasuga groaned as he stood up. “Shit, Kiryu-san, you really pack a punch.” Grinning, he pulled his
bat out. “Guess that means I just gotta play into my strengths a little bit harder!”
Kiryu took this as his cue to switch into his third, technically strongest, but practically slowest and
most restrictive fighting style, his Beast style. “You’re done!” he yelled out as he channeled all of
his raw anger, took a wide stance, and let both of his arms fall to his sides, his palms facing
outwards, leaving him ready to grapple Kasuga at any moment. Kasuga swung at him with the bat;
the way in which Kasuga moved here reminded Kiryu of one of Goro Majima’s fighting styles.
Kasuga did manage to get a few lucky hits in, but he wasn’t able to finish the combo as Kiryu
started to block midway through. The Dragon of Dojima then grabbed Kasuga by the collar and
threw him over his shoulder.
“Agh!” Kasuga yelled out as he hit the ground. Kiryu then switched back into his Yakuza stance
and channeled all of the heat he had been gathering up and entered what he called his Extreme Heat
stance, which allowed him to move faster and hit harder. He kicked Kasuga's legs just as he stood
up, sending him into the air. Kiryu then, astoundingly, juggled him with six consecutive punches,
keeping him in the air for quite a bit before allowing him to hit the ground.
Kiryu thought that was the end of the fight, but Kasuga’s determination knew no bounds, and he
again stood up, though he clearly was struggling. “It’s gonna take more than that to stop me…” he
said, pain evident in his voice. His face was bruised and bleeding. “Come on, Kiryu-san…” he said
wearily. “Is that the best you can do?”
Kiryu sighed. “It’s over, Kasuga.”
“It’s not over ‘til I say it’s over!” Yelling out, Kasuga ran at Kiryu again.
“These kids…” Kiryu muttered, shaking his head. Oh god, I really am getting old. Kiryu turned
around with a fist clenched and countered Kasuga’s attempt at an attack with a swift jab to the gut;
the Komaki Tiger Drop, a technique he’d learned in 2005 which sent even his strongest foes to the
ground, and Kasuga was no exception. He fell on his back, breathing heavily as he stared up at the
stars.

“Man… Are you getting weaker, or am I getting stronger?” Kasuga asked, dazed.
“Excuse me?”
“Last time, you took me down without even breaking a sweat,” Kasuga groaned. “But look at me
now… I lasted way longer this time. I think I might almost be at your level.”
Kiryu chuckled. “If you say so.”
Back at the orphanage, Kasuga’s party looked at the beach and saw the final blow that sent him to
the ground. “K-Kasuga!” Adachi yelled out as he, Zhao, and Joongi ran in the direction of the fight.
“Get back here, you dumbasses!” Hanawa called after them.
Kiryu started to walk towards Kasuga, but saw his party running at him and raised an eyebrow.
“Hmm?”
The party stood in front of Kasuga, separating the two dragons. “Hey, Kiryu, what happened to a
‘friendly chat’, huh?!” Adachi asked.
“Huh? It’s not what you—.”
“Shut up. We’re next up,” Adachi cut him off. He, Zhao, and Joongi all got ready for a fight. “Get
away from Kasuga.”
“Step aside, you’re making fools of yourselves.”
“Maybe so,” Zhao chuckled as he pointed his broadsword at Kiryu, “but we’re not gonna sit idly by
and watch you wail on our friend like that.”
Kiryu sighed. “For the love of…” Hanawa joined Kiryu on the beach as the dragon pushed the
three men aside with ease and approached Kasuga again… but then somebody he never expected to
see stepped in front of him, holding his arms up.
“Uncle Kaz!” Taichi yelled as he blocked Kiryu. “Leave Kasuga alone.”

Chapter 27: The Yakuza's Past
“Uncle Kaz!” Taichi yelled as he blocked Kiryu. “Leave Kasuga alone.”
Hanawa groaned. “Shit!”
Kasuga looked up at Taichi. “Taichi-san…?” he groaned, still reeling from his fight with Kiryu. “I
told you to wait for me in town…” He turned his head and saw Sugiura on the road nearby,
standing by his rental car.
“S-sorry Kasuga!” Sugiura apologized. “He’s really persuasive!”
Kiryu’s eyes widened. “T-Taichi…” he grunted. He quickly hid his face and put sunglasses on. “Uuh… my name, I mean. It’s Taichi Suzuki. Not sure who this ‘Uncle Kaz’ is, but you need to step
aside.”
“Not a chance,” Taichi replied. He started to cry. “Uncle Kaz… is that really you?”
“Ngh…”
“It really is… You really are alive!”
“S-step aside, Taichi,” Kiryu ordered, holding back tears himself. “I have business with Ichiban
Kasuga.”
Taichi’s tears didn’t go away, but he held his fists up. “Then you gotta get through me first.”
“W-what?!”
“Ichiban’s my friend,” Taichi said. “And friends stick together.” Adachi, Joongi, and Zhao rejoined
the line, standing together with Taichi against Kiryu. “I-I’m so happy to see you alive… But I
won’t let you hurt Kasuga. So you gotta fight all of us if you want to get to him!”
Inside, Kiryu was about as proud as one could be. He always knew he’d grow up to be strong, but
this was something else. He was willing to stand with his new friends against what he perceived to
be a threat to their wellbeing… even if that threat was somebody he loved so dearly. “I don’t
believe we know each other,” Kiryu lied, “but you really do need to step aside. I’m not going to
kick a man while he’s down.”
“Huh?”
Kiryu stepped around Kasuga’s friends and held a hand out for him. “Get up, Kasuga,” he said as
Kasuga grabbed his hand and stood up.
“Guess that means you really want me to leave now, huh… Suzuki-san?” Kasuga muttered,
glancing at Taichi.
“Hmm? What happened to not backing down?” Kiryu asked.
“Huh?”

“Correct me if I’m wrong, Kasuga, but you told me you intended to stick around no matter what.”
Kasuga stammered. “Well… y-yeah, but…”
“Do you know why you lasted so much longer than last time?” Kiryu asked. “Strength had nothing
to do with it. I knocked you down multiple times, but you got back up each time. Why?”
“Uh… because…”
“Because you weren’t fighting for yourself, or for glory,” Kiryu answered. “You were fighting
because there’s somebody that needs your help, and you’ve chosen to answer the call.”
“Well, yeah,” Kasuga said. “That’s what Arakawa-san always told me I should do. Fight for those
who can’t.”
“I had to know for sure,” Kiryu admitted. “Last time we fought, you were angry, and driven by
selfish desires. Today, your own agenda didn’t matter. Not one bit. It doesn’t matter how many
times you get knocked down, Kasuga. As long as you always get back up again. That’s true
strength. Dare I say… It’s what a hero would do.”
Kasuga gasped, and his eyes widened. “K-Kiryu-san…!”
Taichi’s eyes welled up with tears once again hearing this. “That settles it,” he said through the
tears. “You’re Uncle Kaz. There’s no doubt about it, now!” He gripped Kiryu in a tight hug,
catching him off-guard.
“Ah! R-really, I- I’m not…” he started in vain, before giving up and sighing. “Taichi…” He
returned the hug, allowing a single tear to fall from his own eye. He looked up at Hanawa… who
looked extraordinarily upset. Kiryu chuckled. “…I don’t know who this ‘Uncle Kaz’ person is,
but… I bet he misses you a lot.”
“You are so lucky I’m the only Daidoji Faction agent that’s still conscious,” Hanawa grumbled.
“Oh, he has a heart after all!” Kasuga laughed. “Guess not all of the government’s drones are
complete sociopaths.”
“I simply don’t want to see a good agent killed over this,” Hanawa denied. “That’s all. Besides, the
kid already knew too much before today. No point in getting worked up now that he knows a little
bit more.”
“…Say… Who’s watching the orphanage?” Kiryu asked.
“Oh, you don’t need to worry about that,” Hanawa chuckled. “Chihiro showed up a moment ago.
She’s watching the place now.”
Kiryu’s heart sank, and his blood ran cold. “…What?” He, and everybody else, turned to look
across the road.
Chihiro stood in front of the orphanage, an unconscious Haruto Sawamura slumped over her
shoulder.
“Shit!” Kasuga yelled out as he ran across the road. Sugiura hopped over his car and approached
Chihiro with him, and soon everyone was following. “Chihiro-chan!” They came to a stop at the

yard, when they realized Chihiro was holding a gun.
“You know something…” she muttered. “I sort of thought I’d be killed before I got this far.” Haruto
wasn’t moving.
“Is he…?” Kiryu asked, to which Chihiro chuckled.
“Dead? Of course not. That would’ve made this whole thing pointless,” she said. “No, he’s just
asleep. I was forced to drug him of course, to keep him from struggling. The Daidoji’s large
selection of intravenous sedatives helped with that.”
“Ngh…” Haruto groaned, unable to awake from his slumber.
“Chihiro, what are you doing with the child?” Hanawa asked. “I didn’t authorize this! Put him
down at once!”
“Sorry, Hanawa-san,” she said. “I’ve made a bit of a career move. Consider this my notice.”
“Why are you doing this?!” Zhao asked. “What does Mabuchi have on you?!”
“Mabuchi? Do you really think that shortsighted idiot is the one in control here?” Chihiro asked.
“Yes, I am working with Akira Mabuchi. I do not intend to keep him around for much longer, nor
do my employers.”
“The Saio Triad?” Kasuga asked. “Why?! Why would you work with them?!”
“Revenge,” Kiryu answered for her. “That’s right, isn’t it? You’re doing this for revenge.”
“On the kid?” Adachi asked.
“Revenge on Yuta Usami and the yakuza,” Kiryu said, closing his eyes. It all made sense now. “The
fire you survived… The reason you were being so cagey about when and where it happened…” He
opened his eyes and glared at her. “You were one of the inhabitants of Little Asia in Kamurocho,
when Haruto’s father burned the place down.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “He did what?!”
“Six years ago, much like today, Haruto’s life was endangered by his heritage,” Kiryu explained.
“His father, Yuta Usami, was himself the illegitimate child of Big Lo, the Saio Triad’s leader in
Japan, and Haruto, being half Japanese, was seen as an illegitimate heir to the triad. The resulting
attempts on his life put his mother in a coma.” Images of Haruka lying in a hospital bed, clinging to
life by a thread, flashed in Kiryu’s mind. It was still painful to think about. “Upon learning the truth
about his, and therefore Haruto’s heritage, Yuta took matters into his own hands, to ensure the
safety of the mother and child.”
Kiryu remembered seeing Yuta, liquor bottle in hand, sitting in Big Lo’s office in Little Asia after
having set the place ablaze. “Yuta did not intend to survive that night. He planned to kill Big Lo
and himself in a murder-suicide arson attack. It was only after I knocked some sense into him, and
saved both him and Big Lo from the fire, that he understood what his role in Haruto’s life had to be.
Little Asia was destroyed in the flames.”
“So that’s what happened to Little Asia,” Sugiura said. “It all makes sense now. The place never
recovered.”

“Do you know how many people died in that fire?” Chihiro asked. “Of course, none of you do.
None of you yakuza cared, did you? Why would you? The competition had burned alive, and
Kamurocho was yours for the taking. Incidentally, many of the survivors were removed from
Kamurocho, or killed, by the Omi Alliance’s Arakawa Family and the Tojo Clan’s Matsugane
Family.” She glared at Kasuga. “Working with the seed of Arakawa made me sick. Just so you
know.”
“And what the hell does Haruto have to do with all of that?!” Kasuga asked. “If you have beef with
the yakuza, take it out on me and Kiryu-san! Haruto’s just a kid. He’s got nothing to do with any of
it!”
“The Saio chairman is sick,” Chihiro explained. “Very sick. And, as the last living male descendant
of Big Lo… Haruto stands to inherit the entire operation, even with his half-Japanese heritage.
Under Akira Mabuchi, the organization would crumble. Haruto, however, can be groomed for
leadership, and that is exactly what I intend to do.”
“Chihiro-chan!” Taichi cried out. “You don’t have to do this… just put the gun down, and put
Haruto down! I know it sucks that your family was taken from you. You and I are in the same boat!
But that cycle doesn’t have to continue. I have a new family, here, at Morning Glory! With Haruka,
and Ayako, and Mitsuo and Shiro and Riona and everyone else! And that family keeps growing.
You can be a part of that family. Please… don’t do this. I… I love you, Chihiro-chan.”
Chihiro looked away from him, refusing to make eye contact. “T-Tai-chan…”
Noticing her resolve faltering, Hanawa saw an opening and pointed his gun at her. “You’re an idiot
if you think I’m letting you get away with this.”
Taichi’s eyes widened. “H-Hanawa-san! No!” He tackled Hanawa just as he pulled the trigger,
sending the stray bullet into the sky and alerting everybody in the orphanage. The lights started to
turn on.
“What’s going on?” the group heard from inside. “Did you hear that? It sounded like gunfire!”
“A-ah! Haruto’s missing!”
Chihiro booked it in the confusion, Haruto in tow.
“Hey, get back here!” Kasuga called out, and started to follow her, but just then the door slid open
and Mitsuo stood at the doorway, bat in hand.
Kiryu groaned. “Shit,” he said as he stood in the back and covered his face.
“You!” Mitsuo accused, pointing at Kasuga. “You’re that yakuza the cops are after!”
“U-uh, I can explain!” Kasuga said.
“What did you do with Haruto?! Who are these people?! Are these your yakuza buddies?! Huh?”
He saw Taichi on the ground, being restrained by Hanawa. “W-what are you doing with Taichi?!”
“Ah! It’s not what it looks like!” Taichi denied. “I’m fine, Mitsuo, but—!”
“Kasuga!” Hanawa called out. “You need to follow the girl! Take ‘Suzuki’-san with you!”

Kasuga nodded. “Right. Uh, sorry to cut this short, kid,” he apologized to Mitsuo. “I promise, you
can kick my ass another time.”
“Hey! Get back here!” Mitsuo yelled as Kasuga grabbed Kiryu and got into Sugiura’s car. Adachi,
Joongi, and Zhao followed, and the car sped off, leaving Hanawa to deal with the aftermath.
Taichi sighed. “Oh, Hanawa-san… You’re in trouble.”
“Yeah… yeah, I know.”
***
The group searched all night for Chihiro and Haruto, but couldn’t find anything. No trace of them
at all. They were starting to lose all hope, and decided to stop in at the Golden Dragon to ask the
bartender if he had seen anything.
“Nope, nothin’,” the bartender answered. “Sorry. I wish I could be of more help.”
“It’s fine,” Kasuga sighed. “Shit…”
Adachi raised an eyebrow at Kiryu, who seemed to be staring at the bartender. “Say, uh… do you
two know each other?”
Kiryu shook his head, but didn’t break eye contact with the bartender. “Nope. He just looks like an
old… acquaintance of mine.”
The bartender chuckled. “Do I now… Suzuki-san? Heh. Funny. You look like someone I used to
know too. But I’m sure the both of us would rather not elaborate on our pasts.”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah.”
The door opened, and Taichi and Hanawa entered. Hanawa sighed. “That was one hell of a lie we
just told… Any sign of Chihiro?”
Kasuga shook his head. “Nothing. None of the locals have seen anything either. We think… She
might already be on the way to Sotenbori to meet up with her handlers. Hey, what did you tell the
kids at Morning Glory?”
Taichi scratched the back of his neck and laughed nervously. “Uh… That you guys kidnapped
Haruto,” he explained. “Hanawa-san here told them he was with Public Security, and that you guys
are all yakuza, so… Sorry about that. Right now, they think that he’s taking me to a police station to
make a statement about the whole thing.”
“You know, that’s probably for the best,” Kasuga chuckled. “If they think Public Security’s
involved, odds are they’re not talking to the cops, right? Should make things a little easier for us
going forward, although… I imagine we might not be in Okinawa much longer anyway.”
“We’ll head to Sotenbori as soon as possible,” Kiryu agreed. “I’ve got a contact up there. Akame. If
anything’s going down in Osaka, she’ll know.”
Taichi nodded. “I’m coming with you.”
“Absolutely not,” Kiryu said, shaking his head. “This is too dangerous. You’re staying right here.”

“I’m not sitting on the sidelines while you all go putting your lives on the line,” Taichi insisted.
“Would you have sat idly by, Uncle Kaz?”
Kiryu sighed. “No… and my name isn’t Uncle Kaz. It’s Joryu.”
“You said it was Suzuki a second ago!” Taichi accused.
Kasuga laughed. “You can’t even keep your secret identities straight anymore.”
“Damn it…” Kiryu grumbled. “Uh, Joryu’s my code name. Taichi Suzuki’s my real name.”
“Give it a rest, man,” Kasuga replied. “And shame on you, your kid missed you, the least you could
do is quit lying to him.”
“It’s okay, Kasuga-san,” Taichi said. “I know he has his reasons.”
Hanawa thought about something. “Kasuga. Mitsuo told me that Tokyo MPD already spoke with
them about you. That’s not good.”
“Why’s that?”
“Well… our CLP asset, Commissioner Horinouchi, was removed from his post due to corruption
charges,” Hanawa explained. Adachi’s eyes widened, and he looked away from Hanawa guiltily.
“We don’t really know much about who these new guys are… and the fact that one of them is going
out of his way to cause problems for you? Well, that means we have to consider the possibility that
the Saio Triad, or the Seiryu Clan, or both, have plants in the police department.”
“Do you think the Seiryu Clan and the Saio Triad might be working together?” Sugiura asked.
Hanawa shook his head. “We don’t believe so at this time, no. Both groups are vying for control of
Kamurocho, meaning they’re unlikely to be working together. No, we think the Seiryu Clan’s
vendetta with her is unrelated to the Saio Triad’s interest in Haruto, but that still leaves a lot of
unknowns as far as the extent of the police department’s involvement. As such, we don't know if
Haruka’s continued safety in prison is guaranteed.”
Kiryu narrowed his eyes at Hanawa. “What?”
“We’re sending a Daidoji agent into the premises to watch after her,” Hanawa continued.
“Hopefully, he’ll be able to deal with any threats.”
***
Said Daidoji agent laid unconscious on the floor of the Tokyo Detention Center. He had been
disguised as a police officer. Had been. A rather large man and his lankier accomplice had just
beaten him up and stolen his uniform, leaving him and another actual police officer naked on the
ground.
“Aniki,” the lankier man said. “Are you sure about this?”
The large man nodded. “Yeah. You’re not getting cold feet now, are ya? Come on, her cell’s just
this way. Man, I hope these keys actually work…”

The two men made their way through the prison, searching for the right room. “What if this whole
thing is a trap, aniki?” the lanky man asked. “That guy in the wheelchair… How would he have
even gotten the information he had?”
“Shut up! It’s right here.”
Inside the cell, Haruka, Saeko, and Seonhee all slept in a line. Haruka’s eyes fluttered open as she
heard somebody fumbling with the lock on their cell door. “Huh…? What time is it…?” Realizing
that moonlight was still shining through the barred window at the top of the room, Haruka’s heart
rate increased a little. “Sa-chan! Seonhee!” she said in a hushed tone as she woke her cellmates up.
“Ugh… what’s going on?” Saeko asked. Haruka pointed at the door. “What? It’s the middle of the
night, what do they want?”
“No idea,” Haruka said as she and the others stood up. “But I don’t like this.”
The door came open, and the two men entered, their faces obscured by darkness. “Prisoner,” the tall
one said. “Right this way.”
“Who are you?” Haruka asked as she took a defensive stance.
“I said come with me,” he ordered as he walked towards her.
“Get away from me!” Haruka exclaimed. Saeko and Seonhee jumped into action and tackled the
officer, pinning him against the wall and causing his hat to fall off… revealing a familiar face
underneath it. “K-Kaito-san?!”
Kaito grinned sheepishly. “I guess I could’ve introduced myself, huh?”

Chapter 28: Light &amp; Darkness
Kaito grinned sheepishly. “I guess I could’ve introduced myself, huh?”
The other ‘officer’ took his own hat off, revealing his slicked back dark brown hair and a dark pair
of sunglasses. “You’re too scary for your own good, aniki.”
Toru Higashi
Charles Arcade Manager
“Can it, Higashi.”
“What the hell’s going on?” Saeko asked. “Who is this guy?!”
“Masaharu Kaito, at your service,” Kaito chuckled. “Haruka-chan, you didn’t tell me your friends
were so pretty. Almost makes me wish I was single.” He smirked at her. “Almost. Anyway. You
wanna blow this joint?”
“K-Kaito-san, we can’t,” Haruka said. “If we leave now, it’ll only make things worse for us.”
“Haruka… You know they’re not planning on letting you out of here, right?” Kaito said.
“Huh?”
Higashi nodded. “It’s true. The city’s anti-yakuza laws will make it almost impossible for you to
get an innocent verdict. Basically, the whole thing is rigged against you.”
“Besides,” Kaito sighed, “you might want to take a look at the news down south.” He pulled out his
phone and showed her a news article from a Kyushu-based outlet.
BREAKING: Kidnapping At Naha-area Orphanage, Yakuza Involvement Suspected
“K-kidnapping?!” Haruka asked. Her heart filled with dread.
“This just happened an hour ago, as I was getting ready to bust you out,” Kaito explained. “That’s
your orphanage, right?”
“Yeah…”
“Haruka, didn’t Ebina mention your family before you got arrested?” Seonhee asked. “You don’t
think…?”
“I don’t know, but I need to find out. If the Seiryu Clan laid a finger on anyone there…”
“Ooh, mama bear’s coming out!” Saeko laughed.
Haruka nodded at Kaito. “Okay, Kaito-san, let’s go.”
“I hope you don’t think you’re busting out without us,” Saeko chuckled.

“Huh? But-.”
“Saeko’s right,” Seonhee said, nodding. “We’d kind of be shitty friends if we let you do something
so reckless by yourself. Besides… When the prison learns you’re gone, we’re probably in for
another round of your interrogation. Miss me with that, thank you very much.”
“Yeaaaah, it’s probably best we don’t stick around,” Saeko agreed.
“Shit, that’s dedication,” Kaito laughed. “Yo. Higashi. You think you could go on ahead and make
sure there aren’t any guards on our route out of here?”
“On it, aniki!” Higashi left the room to patrol the hallway.
“That one of your yakuza buddies?” Saeko asked.
Kaito laughed. “Do I look like yakuza to you?”
“Yes.”
“Well… That’s fair, I guess.”
“Just one question, Kaito-san,” Haruka said. “How did you get the keys to our cell?”
“Or even find out what cell block we were in?” Saeko added.
Kaito chuckled. “Heh. Well, first of all, it helps to have known a couple of corrupt cops, from my
days in the Tojo Clan. Now, most of them shut the door on me when I told them I was planning a
breakout. Even the sleaziest scumbag in Kamurocho didn’t want to touch that. Higashi and I
thought we were out of luck, until we ended up bumping into some washed-up Tokyo PD detective
at a mahjong parlor. He didn’t want anything to do with it either… until I mentioned that the
convict we were planning to spring was Haruka Sawamura. Does the name Masayoshi Tanimura
mean anything to you?”
Haruka thought about it. “…I don’t think so, no.”
He smirked at Haruka. “Well, apparently, he owed your dad a favor. ‘How is Kiryu-san these
days?’ he asked. Of course, we had to break the bad news, tell him the Fourth Chairman passed on
a while back… Sorry about that, by the way. Anyway… Once he knew just who it was we were
trying to bust out, he was on board. Managed to get us your location from out of the MPD’s inmate
database.”
“And he had the keys, too?”
Kaito frowned and shook his head. “See, here’s where it gets weird. Higashi and I were planning to
come during the daytime, when you were in the prison yard, and sneak you out that way. But then,
out of nowhere, some guy in a wheelchair approaches us. Says he’s on our side, but won’t give us
his name, and apparently, he’d been following us for a while. He asked us to meet somewhere
private.”
He recalled the meeting, which took place in an empty two-story office at the top in the Millennium
Tower. “Sorry to bring you all the way up here,” the mysterious man said in a raspy voice. “But this
was the only place I could be sure we wouldn’t be monitored.” Besides his voice and the
wheelchair he sat in, he was a somewhat handsome, though slightly disheveled and depressed-

looking man in his mid-forties with short, graying black hair that had been combed back, save for
two strands on each side of his face. He had a neatly trimmed goatee and a set of prescription
glasses, and wore a dark gray pinstripe suit over a black shirt, which was buttoned up only to his
chest.
“Who are you, anyway?” Kaito asked him. “Are you with the cops?”
“Let’s just say I’m a friend of a friend,” the man replied. “I hear you’re planning to bust Haruka
Sawamura out of prison.”
“I don’t like this,” Higashi hissed as he looked around. “This looks like a trap to me.”
“If it is, we’ll fight our way out,” Kaito responded. “No big deal. Let the man speak. Now then…
sir. What exactly is your connection to Haruka-chan?”
“None whatsoever.”
“Oh yeah? Then why do you want to get involved?”
“We share a common interest.”
“Okay. And that would be…?”
“That’s for me to know. If I were you, I wouldn’t be asking so many questions.”
“And why’s that?” Kaito asked.
The man held a set of keys up in the air. “Guess where these go?” He tossed them at Kaito, who
caught them and stared at them.
Kaito raised his scarred eyebrow. “Say… These wouldn’t happen to belong to the prison she’s in,
would they?”
“One key opens the cell where Haruka Sawamura, Saeko Mukoda, and Seonhee are being held,”
the man explained. “Another opens the cell where Yu Nanba is being held, on the opposite side of
the complex. The prison is gender-segregated, but there’s a construction site in between them that
you can use to get to the male detention center from the female detention center. The third key
belongs to the door you’ll be using to get into and out of that construction site.”
Kaito held the keys in front of his face, his eyebrow still raised. “Where the hell did you get these?”
“Let’s just say I knew some very powerful people in this city,” the man responded.
“What’s the catch? Whaddya want in return?” Kaito asked. “I don’t have much money.”
“Hmph. Money has no meaning to me. Never did. In a way, maybe that was where it all started
going wrong.”
“Huh?”
“Nothing. I’ll call upon you when the time comes to repay your debt. Now go. You have a prison
break to plan.”

Kaito looked at the keys in his hand once more, then back at the man. “Thanks. You’re a real one.”
He glanced at Higashi. “Let’s roll.”
Higashi nodded and followed Kaito out. The man sighed as he watched them leave. “Helping those
in the light from the shadows… I’m starting to see the appeal.”
***
“Gotta admit,” Kaito said as he finished his story, “I was pretty sure that guy was setting us up,
until a few minutes ago when we opened that door.”
“And he didn’t give you a name?” Seonhee asked.
“Nope. Didn’t look like anybody from the Tojo Clan, either, or at least not anybody I knew. I have
no idea who he could’ve been. All I know is… he really wanted to make sure you got out of here,
Haruka-chan.” He smirked. “So, whaddya say? You ready to leave this shithole?”
Haruka looked back at her companions, who both smiled and nodded at her.
“We’re with you all the way, Haruka,” Saeko assured her. Haruka smiled at them, then turned back
to Kaito.
“Okay, Kaito-san,” she said. “Let’s get Nanba-san, and then we’re leaving.”
“Alright,” Kaito grinned. “Now we’re talking. Let’s give the prison system something to be real
fuckin’ embarrassed about.”
Masaharu Kaito has rejoined the party!
***
“Look, they’re escaping,” an officer said as he watched the events unfold on a security monitor.
“Just like the boss predicted.”
“Should we get in there?” another asked.
The first cop smirked. “Nah. If we have to put down a prisoner with a profile as high as hers, it’s
gonna be a media shitstorm. If, on the other hand, she gets killed by a fellow inmate… Is that really
our problem?”
“Sir?”
“What cell block are those weirdos from Ijincho in?”
“D, I think.”
“Release them.”
The second cop’s eyes widened. “W-what?!”
“Let them deal with Sawamura,” the first cop chuckled. “Better they do it than us. We can go in
there and clean up the mess afterwards.”

“Y-yes sir!” Doing as he was told, the officer found a button on the panel in front of him, and hit it.
Down in cell block D, several doors slid open. Confused, the prisoners inside started to step out.
These inmates were not the ordinary thugs or yakuza that Haruka had dealt with up to this point.
They were… weirder. Out of one cell stepped a weapons dealer, brandishing two machetes while a
multitude of other tools sat on his back. Out of another, a scarred, shirtless yakuza. Another cell
contained several burn victims, wrapped up like mummies. Perhaps most disturbingly, one cell
even contained a trio of naked men, wearing only trash bags as clothing, who danced wildly down
the halls, stomping their bare feet on the concrete. These weirdos and more filled the halls of the
Tokyo Detention Center, and they had only one goal in mind:
Chaos.
Haruka’s journey had already been a bit strange thus far, but it was about to get a lot stranger.

Chapter 29: Subterranean Castle
Haruka tied her hair back into a ponytail as she stepped out of her cell, with Saeko and Seonhee in
tow. “Okay, Kaito-san. Which way?”
Kaito pointed down the walkway. “The guy in the wheelchair said if we head down this way,
there’s a door leading into a construction site,” he explained. “On the other side of that site is the
male detention center, where your friend Nanba’s being held. Hopefully, there won’t be too much
resistance.” He pressed his finger to an earpiece he was wearing. “Yo, Higashi. Is the coast clear?”
“Ngh, not clear enough,” Higashi sighed. “The route to the construction site’s good, but there’s…
You gotta see the weirdos that are in here, man.”
Kaito was intrigued. “Okay… Interesting. We’ll meet you at the door.”
“Got it.”
Kaito turned to Haruka and nodded. “Let’s roll, Haruka-chan.” Surprisingly—to him, at least—
Haruka walked past him and started leading the group herself. “Right. Guess I’m just dumb muscle
again,” he chuckled as he followed her. “Y’know… I hear a lot of Japanese prisons have had major
security problems over the last decade or so.”
“Seriously?” Saeko asked.
“Yeah. Oh, they don’t talk about it on the news, but break-outs aren’t as uncommon as you think.”
“Well, that’s reassuring…”
Haruka chuckled. “Even the high security ones have problems. I know because there was a secret
yakuza prison off the coast of Okinawa, close to my orphanage.”
“I heard about that,” Kaito said, nodding. “Okinawa Penitentiary No. 2. Apparently, it was a
convenient place for death row inmates to ‘disappear’. Practically nothing was known about the
place until a few years ago, when a government whistleblower leaked out all of its details.”
“Yeah, well, even that place saw its fair share of escapees,” Haruka explained. “Kaito-san, when
you were in the Tojo Clan, did you know a Taiga Saejima?”
Kaito shook his head. “Nah. I mean, not really. A lot of that was before my time. Heard about what
he did, though. Practically everyone in the family had heard some story or another... You’re not
saying… he was one of the Okinawa escapees?”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. He washed up on the beach in front of Morning Glory. Uncle Kaz took care
of him.”
“Really?” Kaito asked. “What, and he didn’t have a problem with the…?”
“With what?” Saeko asked.
“Well… You know… The mass shooting.”

“The what?!”
“The story I was told, anyway, was that he stormed an Ueno Seiwa meeting in ‘85 and shot
eighteen people.”
“Jesus…” Saeko muttered.
“He did do that,” Haruka said, sighing. “He talked to me about it at Uncle Kaz’s funeral. His
second funeral, anyway… We held a private one at Morning Glory, and the Tojo Clan held their
own in Tokyo.”
Kaito nodded. “I remember the boss and Captain Hamura going to that. You were at that one?”
“Yeah. At Chairman Dojima’s insistence, I flew to Tokyo and attended the procession.”
***
January 15th, 2017
A twenty year-old Haruka Sawamura approached the Tojo Clan’s headquarters. Due to the large
attendance, the funeral was to be held in the Tojo Clan’s courtyard, rather than the gathering hall
inside the building. Haruka came alone. She didn’t want anyone else, not even Yuta, to be seen at a
Tojo Clan gathering. Had Daigo Dojima not asked her personally, she wouldn’t have shown up
either. It didn’t feel right. She grieved on her own, with Kiryu’s family, and this… this was meant
to be for Kiryu’s other family. She arrived at the gate, dressed in all black, and was met personally
by the Sixth Chairman himself.
“Haruka,” he greeted, bowing slightly. “Thank you for coming.”
Daigo Dojima
Tojo Clan Sixth Chairman
“I normally wouldn’t have,” Haruka admitted. “I’m sure you know, we had our own ceremony
down in Okinawa.”
“Yes, I’m aware. Still… I’m glad you came,” Daigo said. “And I’m sorry for your loss.”
“It’s not my loss,” Haruka said. “It’s our loss. I know that Uncle Kaz was as much a father to you
as he was to me.”
“If you need anything,” Daigo said, “anything at all, please, you have but to ask. The Tojo Clan is
at your beck and call.”
“Thank you, Daigo, but I’ll be fine. No offense, but I don’t think I actually want the yakuza at my
beck and call.”
Daigo laughed at this. “Fair enough. I doubt Kiryu would have wanted that for you either.
Anyway... Go on inside. There’s a seat reserved for you in the front row.”
Haruka nodded and stepped past the gate into the courtyard. The attendance was massive. Every
family in the clan had representatives here. The Majima Family, which by this point was the largest
family in the Tojo Clan, accounted for more than half of the square footage of the courtyard. She

made her way to the front, trying to ignore the looks she was getting from several of the upwards of
a thousand yakuza that were here, before finally arriving at the front row. “This is… where the
patriarchs are sitting,” she realized. “Daigo-san, I can’t-”
“Please,” Daigo said. “I insist. You were more important to Kiryu than anyone else in attendance,
today. You should be honored as if that were the case.”
“I… okay,” she relented, sighing and taking her seat, between Goro Majima and a man she didn’t
recognize. He was an older gentleman with a slim build and slicked-back gray hair. He had a
shallow but still quite noticeable scar on his right cheek. He glanced at Haruka, nodded politely,
and returned his eyes forward.
“So ya actually came, Haruka-chan,” Majima said. Haruka turned her head to look at him.
Goro Majima
Majima Family Patriarch, Tojo Clan Chief Advisor
“I honestly didn’t think you’d show,” he continued. He was dressed in a red dress shirt, a black tie,
and a black suit, with a matching black eyepatch over his left eye, replacing his usual snake-themed
eyepatch. His hair wasn’t any different than before, though, maintaining a side part which hung
over the tops of his ears, and a neatly shaven undercut underneath that, with a goatee adorning his
face. Although she remembered him as a rather energetic and gleeful psychopath, none of that was
on display today. His mood was rather subdued, and, dare she say, respectful. The novelty of such a
quiet Majima was almost funny to her. He went on to say, “Didn’t think you’d want to be seen
hanging out with Kiryu-chan’s old work buddies.”
“Daigo asked, so I came,” Haruka replied. “I hope you don’t take offense to this, Majima-san,
but… After today, I doubt you’ll see me again. I don’t plan to answer any calls from the Tojo Clan,
beyond this one.”
Majima shrugged. “Makes sense. Ya got that little tyke to take care of, now. If I were in your shoes,
I’d have made the same call. Hmph. Gotta admit, if things had worked out with Park… or Makotochan… maybe I’d have left a long time ago.”
“Your Kansai’s slipping,” Haruka said softly, smirking slightly.
“I’m glad I’m not the only one who sees through that fake accent,” the man to Haruka’s left
suddenly said.
“Huh?” She turned to him. He was smirking.
"It seems like nobody else notices," he said.
“Hey, Arakawa, I’m tryin’ to have a conversation here,” Majima snapped. “Butt out.”
The man, Arakawa, chuckled. “My apologies, Majima- han,” he said, placing emphasis on the
honorific. “Just trying to lighten the mood.” His speech was slow and deliberate, and the timbre of
his voice clued Haruka into the fact that he may have been one of the oldest people here.
“Don’t let him get to you, bro,” an extremely large man to Majima’s right said in a real Kansai
accent. “Your fake accent is convincin’ enough.”

Haruka nodded to the man. “Saejima-san,” she greeted.
Taiga Saejima
Saejima Family Patriarch, Tojo Clan Lieutenant Advisor
He too was dressed in all black, a contrast to the green parka he normally wore, and had a buzzcut.
“Yo, Haruka-chan. Sorry about your loss.”
“Ah… You’re Haruka Sawamura,” Arakawa realized. “Yes. Quite. I am terribly sorry for your loss.
I cannot imagine what you are going through right now.”
“Nothing you all aren’t going through,” Haruka muttered, to which Arakawa simply shrugged.
“I doubt that anybody feels the pain that you’re feeling today,” he said. “Besides Majima-san and
the Sixth Chairman, of course.” He directed his eyes forwards, where a large photograph of
Kazuma Kiryu sat atop a stand. “Out of all of these people here… none of them knew him like you
three did.”
“Hey, tell me somethin’, Haruka-chan,” Majima said to Haruka, quietly. “He’s not… really gone, is
he?” he asked. “I mean he’s still out there somewhere, right? You can tell me. I can keep a secret.”
Haruka remained silent, tears welling up in her eyes. “Ah, shit… Don’t do that, kid, you’re gonna
make me cry, too. I was just kiddin’ around.”
“I think, perhaps, it would be best if we stopped talking,” Arakawa said curtly upon realizing
Haruka had been upset. “This is a memorial, not an ice cream social.”
Majima sighed, and then leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms. “Fine.”
The funeral was rather uneventful. Daigo gave a speech about Kiryu, and announced that among
Kiryu’s final wishes was that the Tojo Clan form an alliance with Hiroshima’s Yomei Alliance,
which caused Majima to shake his head. Incense was burned in front of Kiryu’s photo, in the
absence of his body, which had already been cremated and buried down in Okinawa, and the entire
clan stood up and bowed as the funeral reached its end. Everyone in attendance remained stoic the
entire time, minus Haruka, who started to cry midway into Daigo’s speech. She did notice,
however, that one other yakuza in attendance started to shed tears as well.
As everyone stood up and began to leave, Haruka approached Saejima, the yakuza in question.
“Saejima-san,” she said. “Forgive me, I don’t mean to pry… But I noticed that you… didn’t hide
your emotion, like some of the others in the audience did.”
“Ya mean like Majima?” Saejima chuckled, wiping a tear from his eye. “Don’t worry, he was
bawlin’ his eye out the other day.”
“Fuck you,” Majima spat as he and Arakawa walked past Saejima.
“Heh. Yeah. He’s real heartbroken. But no, I’m not ashamed of my emotions,” Saejima admitted.
“If ya don’t cry when you’re sad, are ya even human?”
“It’s just something that the yakuza generally see as a weakness, is all,” Haruka said. “You don’t?”
“Hell no! Here. Walk with me, Haruka-chan.” They stepped out of the Tojo Clan’s headquarters
and started walking down the street, entering Shinjuku. Some civilians whispered to each other as

they saw the idol leaving a yakuza headquarters with the patriarch of a feared crime family. At this
point, though, Haruka could frankly give less of a shit. “Let me tell ya somethin’... Did Kiryu-han
ever tell ya about what I was in prison for in the first place, when I washed up on your beach seven
years ago?”
Haruka shook her head. “I already knew it was for a murder, but no, he never talked to me about it.
I don’t think he thought it was his right.”
“If it was one murder, I wouldn’t be on death row,” Saejima explained. “I killed 18 people. Or…
They said I did, anyway.”
“They said you did? So you were framed?”
Saejima frowned. “Not exactly. See… I did commit the crime. Walked into that ramen shop, shot
twenty people. Eighteen of them died. Now… It wasn’t my bullets that killed the guys. But if they
had been real bullets, believe me, they would have died.” They stopped, and he looked at her
seriously. “Haruka-chan… I wanted to kill them. I did it because that’s what my boss ordered, and
in the yakuza, you don’t question yer orders. That’s what I was taught.”
Haruka furrowed her brow and looked into his eyes. “Hm… And yet… You have kind eyes.”
“Huh?”
“You don’t have the eyes of a killer.”
“Well… I ain’t remorseless, I guess… Sometimes, I still think about it. I don’t regret what I did,
though. I did my duty for the clan. There’s no shame in that.”
“That’s one way of looking at it, I guess… Is there a point to all of this?”
Saejima nodded. “Yeah. I shot those people. I don’t regret it. But… It fucked me up. And that’s a
good thing. If you can cry… You’re still human. So hell yeah, I cry a lot more than most in the
yakuza do.”
“I see.”
“Your Uncle Kaz… He’s the reason I’m even here right now. ‘Course I’m crying, now that he’s
gone.” He smiled at her, then frowned. “Hey, listen… Now that he’s gone… People are gonna be
sayin’ a lot of stuff about him. About his days in the yakuza. Stuff that he did. Some of it might be
true. I’m not sure, I was in prison by the time he joined up with the Dojima Family. I just want you
to remember that, whoever the man was in those stories… That’s not who he was when he died.”
“I know that, Saejima-san,” Haruka assured him. “Just like the stories about you paint a more
ruthless man than the one in front of me, right?”
Saejima chuckled. “Ya got a good heart, Haruka. Don’t ever lose it.”
“I’ll try not to.” Majima and Daigo joined them a moment later.
“Hey, bro,” Majima greeted. “Masumi wants to talk to us about… that thing.”
“Right now?" Saejima groaned. "Shit… I'm not ready for that.”

“Tojo Clan business?” Haruka asked.
“Yeah, somethin’ like that…” Saejima muttered. “Won’t be for long, though...”
“I’ll get out of your hair.”
“He ain’t got any hair!” Majima laughed. “When’re ya gonna grow it back, man?”
“I told ya, I like it like this,” Saejima argued back.
Haruka chuckled and started to walk towards the station. “Haruka!” Daigo called out after her. She
turned around and looked at the three Tojo legends standing before her; Daigo in the center,
Majima to his left, and Saejima to his right. “I know you don’t want anything to do with the
yakuza,” Daigo said, “but my offer still stands. If you ever need anything… anything at all… You
know where to find us.”
Haruka thought about it, then nodded. “I’ll keep that in mind, Daigo. Thank you. For everything.”
She turned and continued on her way to the station, leaving behind the Tojo Clan for what she
thought at the time was the last time.
***
“Damn…” Kaito chuckled. “It sounds like you were a proper yakuza princess.”
“I’m more surprised that somebody who was charged with so many murders was so… sensitive and
well-spoken in person,” Saeko said.
“Remind you of someone you know?” Seonhee laughed.
“Ichiban didn’t actually kill the guy,” Saeko replied. “But, still. Point taken. I guess we all know
people from questionable backgrounds. Doesn’t make them any less human.”
They finally met up with Higashi, who stood by a door leading out of that section of the prison.
“What took you?” he asked. “Hey, you’re gonna want to prep yourself for what’s on the other side
here. The construction site is full of weirdos. Never seen anything like it.”
“Oh, come on, man, they can’t be that weird,” Kaito chuckled as he opened the door and the group
stepped through.
The room on the other end was just full of garbage bags.
“This is what you were so freaked out about?” Seonhee asked. “I mean, it’s gross, sure, but…”
“N-no! There were people in here! I saw them!”
Haruka looked at the site around them. “Huh… this construction site is huge…” she said.
“It’s part of the government’s new super-max prison project,” Kaito explained. “But damn… even I
didn’t expect it to look like this.” On top of being big, the place was built like a maze. “It’s almost
like…”
“A dungeon,” Haruka finished his sentence. “Like in a video game, or something.”

“Sounds to me like you’re starting to see the world the same way Ichiban did,” Saeko said,
chuckling. “You two should totally compare notes when you finally get to meet him.”
“Somehow I don’t think I’m quite on that level yet…”
“Hey, aniki,” Higashi said, “I did some research online. This section is going to be a psych ward
when construction finishes. You’ll never guess who’s funding it.”
Kaito raised an eyebrow. “Surely not the Ministry of Health?”
“Bingo.”
Kaito laughed. “Heh... Fuckin’ hell… Can’t escape those bastards no matter how hard I try…”
Haruka started to lead the group through the construction site, when suddenly she heard a voice
behind her.
“Matte yo!” the voice said.
“Hmm? Is someone there?” Haruka asked as she turned around, gasping when she saw who was
calling her.
The trash bags had started moving. A head popped out from the top of one, and two legs popped
out of the bottom. The other two followed suit, and they started to dance around the party, giggling
and taunting them.
“What… the… hell?!” Haruka exclaimed. Suddenly, the room was enveloped in a purple haze and
her vision started to distort as the party got ready for a fight.
PSEUDO TRASH
“Wh… what are these things?!” Haruka asked. She could have sworn their eyes glowed red as they
danced around, although it may have just been the awkward lighting in the room that made it
appear that way.
“Hmm,” Saeko hummed. “I was wondering where these weirdos went.”
“You mean you’ve seen this before?!”
“Everybody in Ijincho’s a little weird,” Saeko explained. “During the pandemic, we stopped seeing
guys like this around town, though. I guess this is where they all went.”
“I tell you, I’ve met some real sickos in my day,” Kaito growled, “but guys disguising themselves
as trash bags?! Yeah, that’s definitely new. It’s like we’re playing a whole different game from
what I’m used to.”
“Ugh… what have I gotten myself into?” Higashi groaned. He moved first, running at one of the
Pseudo Trash and attacking him in a Taekwondo stance, kicking him twice with his right leg,
jabbing him with his right fist, and then finishing with a left high kick.
Haruka was next, but decided against attacking. Instead, she decided to put her idol charm to work,
forming a heart with her hands and smiling sweetly at the men. “I love you guys!” she said in a

cutesy voice. This lowered the attack strength of all present enemies, and even charmed one of
them, so he now had no interest in attacking Haruka or any of her allies.
One of the Pseudo Trash that hadn’t been charmed approached Kaito. He started to rummage
through his bag…
…
Oh shit! He’s got a gun!
The man shot at Kaito, dealing significant piercing damage. Kaito, of course, wasn’t going to take
that lying down. “Let’s do this,” he growled as he teamed up with Haruka for his next attack. He
led the attacking Pseudo Trash toward her, while she kicked another towards him. Haruka ran at the
enemy and jumped over him with an extended leg, while Kaito performed a drop kick underneath
her.
TAG TEAM: EX CRANE AND BRUISER
Haruka kicked the enemy chasing Kaito away from him and landed on her feet, while Kaito sent
the enemy Haruka had just jumped over flying backwards with his own kick, landing on the ground
and standing back-to-back with Haruka a moment later. To add insult to the Pseudo Trash’s injury,
the charmed one actually followed up Kaito and Haruka’s attack, body slamming one of his own
allies and knocking him out.
“I’m ready to kick ass!” Saeko exclaimed as her turn came around. She performed a basic attack
with a handbag she’d found amongst the rubbish, swinging it at the charmed Pseudo Trash and
knocking him over, then kicking him while he was down. Haruka followed the attack up with a
stomp, knocking him out.
The final enemy hobbled over to Haruka and roundhouse kicked her, then body slammed her. She
quickly stood up from the attack.
“No more games,” Higashi muttered as his turn came back around. He pulled out a tanto and
stabbed the last enemy, pushing it deep into his gut and deflating his trash bag. The enemy fell over,
defeated.
After the fight, the party recollected themselves. “Alright… That was weird as shit, right?” Kaito
asked. “Everybody else thought that was insane too?”
Haruka nodded as she picked a key one of them had dropped off of the ground. “Yeah. Hopefully,
that’s the last of them, though.”
“I wouldn’t be so sure,” Seonhee said. “Look.” The group looked over the rest of the construction
site. All kinds of weirdos, sickos, and freaks roamed the place. Haruka had never seen anything like
it.
“And this is… normal, to you?” Higashi asked.
Saeko shrugged. “Well… when you’re friends with Ichiban, you learn to get used to all of the
craziness.”
“I think I’m going to go a little crazy myself, before the end of this,” Haruka muttered.

“Well, what are we standing around for?” Kaito laughed. “Let’s run a train on these fuckers.” His
awkward choice of words caused everyone to stare at him.
“Um… what?” Saeko asked. “You do know what that means, right?”
“Huh? Oh, I mean…”
“That’s really gross, Kaito-san,” Haruka said softly.
Higashi shook his head. “Aniki…” he said, immeasurable disappointment evident in his voice.
“Come on, that ain’t what I meant!” Kaito groaned. “Why does this keep happening to me?
Whatever. Let’s just keep moving. Lead the way, Haruka-chan.”
Haruka nodded, and the party started to make their way through the dungeon, fighting a swath of
weirdos along the way. The jail’s wardens watched their progress from the CCTV room.
“Hmph… they’re putting up a stronger fight than I anticipated,” the first one said. “Maybe we do
need to get involved after all.”
“Should we head down there?” the other asked, to which the first one nodded.
“Yeah. Come on, let’s go.”
Eventually, Haruka came across a safe. “Huh… What’s this doing here…? Oh!” She pulled out the
key she had grabbed from the Pseudo Trash. “It looks like it fits! Should I open it?”
“Go for it,” Kaito encouraged. “Damn, this is actually kind of fun. I should get Tak into this ‘hero’
shit.”
“Please don’t,” Higashi groaned. “It’s bad enough you morons keep bringing hostages to my
arcade. I don’t need a Dungeons & Dragons party to start meeting up there too.”
Haruka inserted the key into the keyhole and opened the safe. Inside was a new handbag for Saeko.
It was made of a heavier and more durable material than the one she was using, which meant she
could hit harder with it. The material also seemed to be conducive to electricity, which was a plus.
They came across a safe area where the party could rest not long after.
“Hey, we don’t know what’s up ahead,” Kaito said. “We should probably take a breather.” Once the
party was fully prepared for what lay ahead, they climbed the ladder leading out of the labyrinth,
and found themselves in a large, open clearing with relatively little development compared to the
rest of the construction site.
“That’s strange,” Saeko muttered. “Nobody’s here.”
“I smell a trap…” Kaito growled.
“But where… Huh?” Haruka said as a bright white light suddenly blinded the group. “What’s
that?”
Squinting, Saeko was able to see the source of the light. “It looks like…” Her blood ran cold. “Oh.”
She took a slight step back. “Oh, no.”

“Is that…? Shit!” Kaito exclaimed. “Hit the floor!”
The group jumped away just in time to avoid a large wrecking ball, which swung towards them and
embedded itself in the brick wall behind them.
“What the hell?!” Higashi yelled.
Standing back up, the group saw two heavy construction vehicles—one with a large mechanical
arm, and the other with the wrecking ball that had nearly squashed them—slowly rolling towards
them. A jail warden sat in the driver’s seat of each. “Very impressive!” the one in the wrecking ball
called out. “But your little Shawshank escapade ends here.”
“It’s the fuzz!” Kaito said. “I bet you guys are the ones that released all of those freaks into the
area!”
“Guilty as charged!” the warden replied gleefully. “Unfortunately, the courts won’t be able to say
the same for you all. Can’t convict the deceased, after all!”
“You’re insane!” Haruka accused. “You’re not going to get away with this!”
“You all are yakuza scum! Who would miss you?!”
“This isn’t good…” Kaito groaned. “He's gonna flatten us!"
“What do we do?” Haruka asked. “We can’t FIGHT them, can we?!”
Saeko sighed and shook her head. “Not again…” she grumbled.
“Again?” Haruka asked. “Not AGAIN? You’ve fought heavy machinery before?!”
“I mean, only a couple of times,” Saeko tried to justify.
“What is WRONG with Ijincho?!”
While Haruka and Saeko argued about whether or not it was normal to fight heavy construction
vehicles, the two pieces of heavy machinery positioned themselves for battle, and their pilots
revved the engines, letting out an almost dragon-like roar which echoed through the construction
site.
“This is gonna suck…” Haruka grumbled as she got ready for battle.

Chapter 30: Heavy Metal
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The two pieces of heavy machinery positioned themselves for battle, and their pilots revved the
engines, letting out an almost dragon-like roar which echoed through the construction site.
HEAVY MACHINERY
Our five heroes—Haruka, Saeko, Seonhee, Kaito, and Higashi—stood firm against the corrupt
officers piloting construction mechs before them. If they were going down, they were going down
fighting. “What are we even supposed to do against these things?!” Higashi exclaimed.
“Hey, if we can force the pilots out, we can lay the smack down on them instead,” Kaito said. “We
just gotta figure out a way to shut them down.”
“And how do we do that?” Haruka asked.
“Still working on that part. Say, Saeko, you said you’ve fought one of these before?”
Saeko nodded. “Yeah. Me, Ichiban, and Adachi. Of course, Icchan had a bat… Eri might’ve been
there too, now that I think about it. I can’t remember what she was there for.”
“So he went from shaking down porn peddlers to fighting heavy machinery…” Kaito chuckled as
he shook his head. “That dumbass…”
“Huh? Kaito-san, you knew Kasuga?” Haruka asked.
“Eh, sort of. The Matsugane Family and the Arakawa Family were actually both subsidiaries of the
same family around the turn of the millennium, until after the civil war in 2005 when some
restructuring happened and Masumi Arakawa became a direct Patriarch. So, yeah, I met him a
couple of times. But that’s a story for later. Right now, we gotta focus on this.”
“Maybe if we could deliver an electric shock, it would overload the electronics in the vehicles,”
Haruka suggested. “Then they’d have to come out here and fight us normally.”
“Say, that’s not a bad idea, Haruka-chan,” Kaito said as he smirked. “Higashi, you brought The
Pigeon, right?”
“The Pigeon?” Haruka asked.
Higashi rolled his eyes as he pulled the device in question out. “Yeah, I brought your stupid drone.
But how’s that gonna help us?”
The Pigeon was a small and slightly outdated quad-rotor drone that Kaito had purchased from Don
Quijote back in 2018 with a basic white finish. Its name came from its ornament, a small papermache pigeon that sat at the drone’s nose. “You ever flown a drone before, Haruka-chan?”
“How’s a drone going to help us, Kaito-san?” Haruka asked.

“Uh… hang on,” Kaito muttered. “Shit… the app needs to update. Uh, you guys do what you can!
This is gonna take me a second...”
“Okay, so I guess ‘don’t die’ is our next objective,” Saeko said.
“Damn it…” Haruka growled. While Kaito was busy updating his drone’s software, the rest of the
group got to work not dying. “My life used to be normal.”
“Don’t kid yourself, Haruka,” Seonhee chuckled, barely breaking a sweat as she jumped to dodge a
wrecking ball. “Your life was never normal. At least now you have friends.”
This was oddly reassuring, and Haruka smiled at her. “Yeah. I guess there’s that.” She watched as
Higashi pulled out a handgun and fired three shots at the wrecking ball, which she hoped did some
amount of damage to the engine. Friends, she thought. Saeko, Seonhee, Nanba… maybe eventually
even Kaito, Higashi, Kasuga if she ever got to meet him… These were her friends, and even though
they all seemed to be cursed to meet under such serious circumstances, she was happy to know
them. She watched as Saeko pulled out a taser—which is illegal in Japan, where did she get that?—
and delivered a small electric shock to the digger, which didn’t seem to do much damage. Seonhee
followed this up with an attack from her electrified whip.
Suddenly, Kaito perked up. “It’s working! Haruka-chan, take this,” he said, handing her his
smartphone as The Pigeon took flight from his hand.
Looking down at the phone, Haruka could see the video feed from the drone’s camera. “Okay. How
is this going to help us?” she asked as she piloted the drone around using the touch screen controls.
“See the bullet icon?” Kaito asked. “Hit it.”
Haruka did as she was told, and an electrified beanbag round shot out of a small cannon mounted
on the bottom of the drone and flew at the digger, shattering its windshield. “Whoa!” she
exclaimed. “Is this legal?”
Kaito chuckled. “Haha, uh, no, it is not. My pal Tsukumo rigged that up a long time ago. If we can
find the machines’ weak spots, we can use that to overload the electronics and deactivate them.”
“It’s a good thing you had this,” Haruka said as she piloted the drone around the machines and
repeatedly shot at them, trying to find a weak point. The focus of combat shifted from being one of
a party against the machines to a test of accuracy as Haruka effectively waged drone warfare
against the correctional officers, who pulled out their sidearms and started shooting at the drone
from their seats in the cockpits. The Pigeon, thankfully, was rather agile, and she was able to dodge
their shots with ease.
“Tak used to race the thing,” Kaito explained. “It’s got a boost you can use, too, once it’s charged
up.”
Nodding, Haruka hit the boost command on the touch screen and the drone’s speed increased
dramatically, making it almost impossible for the officers to hit. She managed to score a direct hit
on the control panel of the digger, which caused it to malfunction and accelerate rapidly forwards.
Kaito and Higashi, who were standing in its way, dodged it as it crashed into the wall behind them,
creating a large gap in the prison’s outer wall. She did the same to the wrecking ball, which simply
shut down, and the two men got to work yanking the pilots out of their equipment.

“Show’s over,” Kaito growled as the lead officer fell to the ground. Said officer pulled out his gun
and pointed it at Kaito, who was quicker and grabbed the firearm from out of his hand and flipped
it around, pointing it at him. “Nice try. Not fast enough.”
The officer glanced at his partner, who was similarly held up by Higashi. He then looked back up at
Kaito, who had been rejoined by Haruka, who glared down at him. “A-ah!” he cried out.
“Say, Haruka-chan,” Kaito said, smirking. “Whaddya want me to do with him?”
“P-please!” he cried out. “Please don’t hurt me! We were just following orders!”
“Whose orders?” Haruka asked. At this point she felt like she knew Kaito well enough to know that
he would not actually shoot the man… but so long as the officer thought that he was willing to,
they decided to get as much information out of him as they could. “Who wants to see me dead?”
The officer was still staring up at the barrel of the gun and panicking. He shuffled backwards and
shook his head. “I don’t know,“ he said. “Really, I have no idea!”
“I’m not convinced, 'boss',” Kaito sneered, playing into the yakuza reputation that he and the others
now held nationwide. “What do you say? Want to dump him in the bay with the others?“
“Please, don’t! Okay, look, I don’t know why he wants you dead,“ the officer said, his memory
“refreshed“ by the threats, “but there’s a detective with the Tokyo PD that knew that you,” he
pointed to Kaito, “would arrive to bust her,” he pointed to Haruka, “out.”
Kaito raised an eyebrow. “I’ve been off the grid since she got arrested. How could anyone know I’d
be here?”
“Wait…” Haruka said, realizing something. “This detective… Was his name Akio Yamamoto?”
The officer nodded frantically. “Yes! That was him!”
Kaito looked at her. “Yamamoto? I’ve heard that name somewhere before.”
“He was the detective with Organized Crime that interrogated me when I got arrested,” Haruka
explained. “Actually, Kaito, he wanted to pin the Seiryu Clan murder on you.”
“What?”
“He told me that if I helped them capture you, and testified that you killed Sano-san… That he’d
get the city to drop the case against me.”
“That so…? Wait… They offered you a deal…?”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. They told me they’d release me if I testified against you.”
“Huh… Why didn’t you?”
“What?”
Kaito shrugged. “I mean… They were tellin’ you they’d send you home, and all you had to do was
throw an ex-yakuza under the bus. You have a kid to get home to. Don’t tell me you didn’t think
about it.”

“Not even for a second. Besides… you have somebody waiting for you at home too, don’t you?”
Kaito nodded. “Yeah… yeah, I do.” Images of his girlfriend, Mikiko Sadamoto, and her son, Jun,
flashed in his mind. “I just… didn’t think that would have entered the equation.”
“We’re both innocent, Kaito-san,” Haruka said. “So we both deserve to go free. If my freedom is
predicated on your imprisonment… I don’t need freedom.”
Kaito let out a small smile. “You’ve got a good heart, Haruka-chan. Don’t ever lose it. Now
then…” he glared back down at the correctional officer. “Tell us more about this Yamamoto punk.”
Haruka thought of something. “Kaito-san… He was ex-yakuza. Do you think he might be
somebody you knew? Somebody with a grudge?”
Kaito thought about it. “Yamamoto… Yamamoto… where have I heard that name before?” he
pondered. Then, suddenly, something clicked. “Wait… What family was he with? Was he Tojo?”
Haruka shook her head. “He didn’t say. Just that it was a small family out in Saitama, I think.”
“He lied to you,” Kaito said matter-of-factly.
“Huh?”
“I remember that name, now. Akio Yamamoto wasn’t from some family in Saitama,” he explained.
“He was part of the Tojo Clan, and he served a direct family at that. And for that matter, I don’t
think he was even targeting you to begin with. No, his beef is with me… and Ichiban Kasuga.”
Saeko seemed worried. “Huh? What does Ichiban have to do with this?”
“I’ll give you the details later,” Kaito said. “When it’s safe. Because trust me, it’s a long story.”
“W-what are you going to do with us?” the officer asked as Kaito pocketed the gun.
“Us? Nothing,” Haruka said as the others started to make their way to the exit. “Your bosses, on the
other hand… They probably won’t be happy with the mess you’ve caused. Two intruders, three
escapees, a construction site full of psychos, and now structural damage to the prison? Nothing that
we could do to you would be worse than what the government is going to do to you when they
learn about this.” She smiled sweetly at him as she turned to take her leave. “Good luck.” She
followed the others out, leaving the officers behind. “Wait up, guys!” she called out cutely.
“…I think I pissed myself,” the lead correctional officer sighed as he watched them leave.
***
Yu Nanba slept soundly in his own cell, snoring loudly, much to the chagrin of his cellmate, who
sat in the corner, glaring at him. Somebody started fiddling with the door, and the prisoner looked
up. The door opened, and Haruka walked through.
“Nanba-san!” she called out in a hushed tone. Nanba didn’t wake up, instead snoring even more
loudly. Haruka glanced at Nanba’s cellmate, who was glaring daggers at Nanba. “Nanba-san, wake
up!”
“Wake up, you moron!” Nanba’s cellmate exclaimed, standing up and kicking him awake.

“Ah! Huh, uh, what?” Nanba snorted as he awoke, looking up at Haruka, Saeko, and Seonhee, who
stood in the doorway. “Oh, hey guys. …Is something happening?”
“Please tell me you’re here to take him away,” Nanba’s cellmate groaned. “I’d like some peace and
quiet for once.”
“Sheesh, Nan-chan, you don’t seem all that upset to be here,” Saeko chuckled.
“Honestly? I’m content?” Nanba replied, standing up and stretching. “I have a roof over my head
with no rent, I get free meals, I don’t have to go to work… It’s sort of like staying in a hostel.”
“Well I’m glad you’re enjoying yourself,” Seonhee said, “but it’s time to go.”
“Thank god,” the other prisoner groaned. “Please, take him away from here. He snores, he can’t
stay still when he sleeps, and he smells! I won’t even tell the warden where you took him. I just
want some peace and quiet for once.”
“Sheesh, tell me how you really feel…” Nanba chuckled. “I imagine some shit went down on the
outside?”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. We’ll fill you in on the way. Right now, we need to get out of here.”
“Cool. Let’s jet, then.”
Yu Nanba has rejoined the party!
***
It was a chilly and crowded December evening in Osaka’s Sōtenbori district. The air was slightly
colder than was normal for this part of Japan, but this didn’t do much to discourage the nightlife.
Droves of people crowded all up and down the district, coming and going from the various shops,
restaurants, bars, and cabaret clubs that lined the streets. Still more people arrived by the minute
from elsewhere in Osaka; business was booming.
Not all were here for pleasure, however, as Kazuma Kiryu pushed his way to the front of a crowd
that had gathered before a large television screen that sat atop a building across from the Cabaret
Grand, watching coverage of a breaking news story from out of Tokyo.
“…Tokyo Metropolitan Police are in shock today, following a series of events which led to the
escape of a large number of inmates from all throughout the Kanto region, and the prison itself in a
state of extreme disrepair. Among the most notable escapees were suspected members of the Tojo
Clan’s successor organization, the Shin Tojo Alliance.” Kiryu gasped as an image of Haruka came
onscreen. “Suspected Chairwoman Haruka Sawamura is at-large and wanted by police.”
“What the hell is going on…?” Kiryu muttered under his breath. The Saio Triad, the Seiryu Clan,
this fixation that the Tokyo Police had on Haruka… he needed to get to the bottom of it, and fast.
He pressed a finger to an earpiece he wore as he pushed his way back through the crowd to get to
the street. “Kasuga, are you at the location yet?”
“Yeah, Kiryu-san,” Kasuga replied over the phone. “In the alley next to the plaza across from Four
Shine, right? We’re here, but… I don’t think there’s anything here. It’s just a nondescript
warehouse.”

“That’s by design,” Kiryu explained. “You need a biometric scan to get in. Hopefully, Akame never
took me out of the system. I’m on my way now.”
“By the way… did you see the news? Your daughter’s out.”
Kiryu turned back to look at the television screen. “Yeah. I saw. If I had to guess, she’s on her way
down to Okinawa now.”
“You know, if they’re avoiding airports, they’re probably going to try catching a boat from
Hiroshima, and we are sort of between there and Tokyo. Not to mention, they probably aren’t going
to take a direct route down south… You think there’s any chance we’ll bump into her?”
“Don’t be ridiculous, Kasuga,” Kiryu scoffed. “The amount of contrivances it would take to get all
three of us in the same place is—…” he said, grunting as he bumped into a businessman in his way.
“Excuse me,” he said.
“Watch where yer goin’ punk!” the man exclaimed in a thick Kansai accent. “Ya think ya can just
waltz wherever ya please? Ya could’ve broken something.”
Kiryu just stared at the man. “My apologies. Now excuse me—,” he said, trying to step around the
man, who blocked him. He sighed. “I really don’t have time for this,” he groaned as he turned
around and started walking away.
“What a shit week this has been!” the man exclaimed. “First, that stuck-up whore in the ponytail
refuses to pay me the respect I deserve, and then I get my ass beat by that sketchy-ass loan shark,
and now this!”
One of the man’s friends glanced up at the television screen. “Well, the frigid girl from before’s a
wanted felon now, so that’s one problem dealt with.”
Kiryu stopped in his tracks. “…What?”
“Huh? Oh, would ya look at that! Guess that bitch really did get what was coming to her after all!
Fine by me! Fuck her—! Huh?” the businessman grunted as Kiryu turned back around and glared
at him. “I thought you were leaving,” he spat, though Kiryu did not falter. “What? You wanna go,
punk?!”
“You know something… I’ve been having a really bad week too,” Kiryu said in a low voice as he
cracked his knuckles and his neck. “And I’m real pissed off about it. I’ve mellowed with age… but
everyone has their buttons. And I think you’ve just found mine. Just your luck, huh?”
“Am I supposed to be scared of you, old man?” the man growled. “If you wanna throw down, I’ll
be happy to oblige.”
Kiryu looked around as the man and his friends surrounded him. “If you say so,” he said as he put
his fists up. “Don’t say I didn’t warn you, though.”

Chapter End Notes

Finally we reach Sotenbori. The next couple of chapters will focus on Kiryu, but we're going
to be shifting points of view pretty frequently from here on, so we'll be back with Haruka and
her party soon.
Also, I wasn't planning to do this originally, but some comments on Ichiban's last few chapters
caused me to consider writing shorter chapters that don't really advance the main story but
focus on one-on-one interactions between Haruka/Ichiban/Kiryu and some of their allies,
similar to the "Drink Link" side quests in Like A Dragon and Infinite Wealth, and I have
started doing so. Hopefully people like those when they drop, I am of course adapting as time
goes on based on your feedback and what I feel works and doesn't work.
Tangentially related, I'm also jotting down ideas for a sequel to this story set after Infinite
Wealth, but nothing's super fleshed out yet and we'll have to see if I even want to do another
one after finishing this one.
Anyway, strap in for what's to come, because it's (hopefully) gonna be a wild ride!

Chapter 31: Taichi's Trust
Kiryu stepped over the bruised and broken men before him as onlookers stared in shock and awe,
and although he won the fight, he quite frankly was dissatisfied with its outcome. They were less
than scum, not even worth his time, and he was done with all three of them in less than a minute.
“Sorry about that, Kasuga,” he said as he turned his attention back to his phone call. “I’m on my
way.”
“Uh, maybe hang back a bit, ‘Joryu’-san,” Kasuga said sheepishly. “It would, uh, bring great shame
to the company if you were seen with me right now.”
“Why are you talking like that? Has something happened?”
“Officer, I assure you, we just made a wrong turn,” Kasuga said to somebody on his end. “We
didn’t mean to trespass, we swear! No, I didn’t know this was a suicide spot, why would I know
that?”
Great, Kiryu thought. He went and got himself picked up by the police. “Are you going to be
alright?”
“Yeah, of course, ‘chief’,” Kasuga replied. “Once I get things sorted out with Officer… Sayama
here, I’ll be on my way back to the office. Yeah, I told you, I’m a businessman from Yokohama,
this is my boss on the phone. What do you mean I dress like a yakuza?”
“Sayama? Wait, Kasuga—!”
“Talk to you later, chief! Maybe find something to keep yourself occupied until I get this sorted
out.” And then, Kasuga hung up.
Kiryu sighed. “Wonderful. Now what?” He supposed he could wander around town and figure out
what’s what. It had been almost four years since he was last in Osaka, so it was possible some
things had changed. Maybe—
“Uncle Kaz!” he heard somebody call out from down the road.
“Hmm?” Kiryu turned to see who was calling for him and saw none other than Taichi walking
towards him.
~Substory 05: Taichi’s Trust~
“T-Taichi… What are you doing here? Did you follow us? I told you to wait in Okinawa.”
“And I told you, that’s not happening. Not while Haruto’s in danger.” He shrugged. “Besides,
Hanawa-san’s sort of a dick and I don’t like talking to him.”
“Hmph. That may be true, but… He grows on you.” Kiryu started walking across Bishamon Bridge
and motioned for Taichi to follow him. “Do the others know where you went?”
“Nah, Mitsuo’s out for blood,” Taichi explained. “I didn’t want to chance him, or anyone else,
following me, so I left without saying anything. Hanawa-san’s keeping an eye on everyone.”

“And how does he feel about you making this journey?”
“Part of me thinks he’s hoping I’ll get killed out here,” Taichi chuckled. “I know too much, he
said.”
Kiryu sighed and leaned against the bridge’s railing. “I don’t think that’s quite true. After all,
you’ve suspected I survived for a while, haven’t you? At least since 2019. Hanawa knew this might
happen.”
“Huh? How did you…?” Taichi asked, before trailing off. “So, that camera in the cemetery. That
was you after all.”
Kiryu shook his head. “The Daidoji set those up. Part of my deal with them was that they’d make
sure you all were taken care of. That involved some level of surveillance. I didn’t realize just how
many cameras they had set up, though. Obviously, they took the camera down as soon as you
discovered it but… by that point it was too late.”
“So… How come you never came back?” Taichi asked. “…Did you not want to see us?”
“…It’s not that, Taichi. I just…” What could he possibly say? No matter his intentions… He did
abandon them. “…You’re old enough to drink now, aren’t you?”
“Huh? I mean, yeah.”
Kiryu straightened up and pointed down the road. “Come on. There’s a karaoke bar down here I
used to go to whenever I had to stay in Sotenbori. Why don’t you and your old man get a couple of
drinks together? We oughta do it at least once, before I have to…”
“Before you have to do what?” Taichi asked.
Kiryu sighed. “N-never mind… Come on. You’ve never been to Osaka before, right? Might as well
enjoy your time here.” He started walking in the direction of Bar New Momoko.
“O…kay?” Taichi replied, confused.
***
“Irasshaimase!”
Kiryu and Taichi were greeted enthusiastically as they entered the bar and sat down. “Alright,
Taichi. Order anything you like. I’m buying.”
“You mean the Daidoji are buying.”
Kiryu chuckled. “Heh. I suppose so, yes. But it’s not so different from spending money intended for
a business trip.”
“Haha, yeah, I guess you’re right.”
The two of them received their drinks and started talking. “So, Taichi… You’re a firefighter now,
yeah?”

Taichi nodded. “Yeah. I signed up out of high school. All I wanted to do was help people, and that
seemed like the best way I could do that.”
“That’s very brave of you.”
“Heh, I don’t feel very brave most of the time,” Taichi admitted. “Actually, my first week on the
job, an office building in Naha was burning, and there were people trapped inside. I kind of… froze
up. I was terrified. Thought about quitting right there. Then… I thought about what you would do.
You’d have run into the flames without a second thought. So… that’s what I did.”
Kiryu nodded. “It’s okay to be scared, Taichi. But you acted in defiance of that fear. That’s courage,
Taichi. That’s true strength.”
They took another sip of their drinks.
“What about you, Uncle Kaz? What have you been doing the last six years?”
“S-six years…” Kiryu gasped, realizing for the first time just how long he’d been away from
everyone. “…I’ve been working for the Daidoji this whole time. Whatever they needed done. At
the start, I was escorting relatives of government officials and diplomats. In 2019, I spent a great
deal of time helping to organize the Great Dissolution.”
“You know something, I always suspected you had something to do with that,” Taichi chuckled.
“In 2020, I got stranded overseas because of the pandemic,” Kiryu continued. “Do you know how
boring the American capital is when all of the parks and museums are closed? It was torture. Then,
while I was there, Hanawa got in touch with another job for me. It was a collaboration with the
CIA. That was when I met an old acquaintance…”
“If you’re looking for President Johnson, the Vice President’s taken him up to the ruff.”
“…Yeah… that was a weird job. But I have a contact in the US now because of it. Last I’d heard,
he had defected from the CIA, and opened a bar in Hawaii.”
Taichi smiled. “Hawaii, eh? Maybe we can all go visit sometime! You, me, Haruka, Haruto, and the
rest of the orphans!”
Kiryu thought about it. “Hmph. I’m not so sure about that. But… I have been meaning to get out to
Hawaii at some point… There’s something I need to do out there.” Reaching into his pocket, he
pulled out a small silver ring with a small red jewel. On the inside, the name “Yumi” was carved.
“Huh? Hey, what’s that?” Taichi asked.
“This belonged to Yumi. Haruka’s mother. I gifted it to her for her birthday one year. Heh. The
trouble I went through getting this…” He remembered purchasing the ring from Le Marche. Then
the ring was stolen, and pawned off at Ebisu Pawn. He tried to ask politely for it back by explaining
the situation, but the owner refused, believing he was just trying to scam him. So, Kiryu had to
borrow the funds to purchase it from his subordinate in the Dojima Family, Shinji Tanaka… who
thought Kiryu was using the money at a soapland. Bringing the money to the pawn shop, Kiryu
found that the owner had raised the price to meet the demand, and so he was forced to return to
Shinji for more money, which left Shinji with a completely wrong idea of just how “down bad”, as
the kids today would say, the Dragon of Dojima was.

Kiryu didn’t end up having to pay for the ring after all, as after the pawn shop’s owner found
Yumi’s engraving on the inside, he believed Kiryu’s story and gave it back to him, free of charge.
Remembering this story just now was the first time Kiryu realized that he never actually paid Shinji
the money back. Whoops, he thought to himself, chuckling. Sorry about that, Shinji. When I see
you again in the next life, drinks are on me.
“Uh, Uncle Kaz?” Taichi said, snapping him out of his nostalgia. “You alright? You sort of just
spaced out.”
“Right. Where was I?”
“You were talking about how you’ve got business in Hawaii,” Taichi reminded him.
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. Thing is, Haruka’s mother always wanted to have a wedding in Hawaii. I
thought that, once I had my own yakuza family and made something of myself, I’d finally propose
to her, and we’d go to Hawaii together and get married in a nice chapel overlooking the ocean.”
“But you never got to do that,” Taichi realized. “And so to make it up to her, you wanna take the
ring to Hawaii. That’s really sweet, Uncle Kaz.”
“You think so?” Kiryu asked. “I don't know. I’d like to ask Haruka how she feels about it. This ring
really should be hers, and if I’m going to take it and leave it somewhere, I’d want her blessing.”
“Because it’d be like marrying her mom, right,” Taichi said. “Well, I don’t think she’d have a
problem with it—for starters, I doubt she even knows the ring exists—but if you really can’t do it
until you have her blessing, why don’t you just… you know… ask her?”
“You know I can’t do that, Taichi,” Kiryu said. “Haruka can’t know that I’m alive.”
“Why? Because she’s the only one that can stop you from running away from your problems?”
Taichi asked, crossing his arms. “I’m gonna be straight up with you, Uncle Kaz. Screw the Daidoji
Faction. They’re causing more problems than they solve.”
Kiryu sighed. “I don’t want to talk about that, right now.” Looking around the bar, he spotted the
karaoke stand in the corner. Only ¥500 yen a song. “I’m getting the urge to sing,” he muttered as he
stood up.
“Knock yourself out.”
He already immediately knew what he wanted to sing. The melancholic orchestral instrumental
started up, and the few patrons in the bar turned to watch him sing the song he always sang
whenever he was running from—er, avoiding his problems. Arranged in the 80s, but rumored to
have been based on an old folk song from the late Edo period, this track never failed to entertain.
“[I sing for you],” Kiryu said softly, in English, just before the song’s first line.

“I’ve been a fool, and you’ve been childish.
You fell down, you got hurt chasing sweeter dreams.
Never could, hide the truth in your eyes

That’s how I knew that smile was a lie.

“‘I love you’ is something you never say
Couldn’t get it out, always just pulled away
So then why…
Please won’t you tell me why…
You could find the words
To say goodbye?!”

This is a really sad song, Taichi thought. I wonder who he’s singing about.
Kiryu imagined he was back in Kamurocho, sitting at Bantam as he sang the next verse.

“ I’m such a mess,
I’m lost,
I’m no good at this.”

The object of his nostalgia? A photograph of Kiryu himself in his Ono Michio costume, posing in
his signature pose, with his charming hassaku face, steaming Onomichi ramen hat, cute fish pouch,
cool boots (vital for any fisherman), and his bold and trendy Ono shirt.

“I am in love,
Still in love,
Still in love with you!
Hard as I try, I can’t even drink this pain away.
Memories of you…
Twisting my view…
I’ve been a fool.”

As the song came to an end, Kiryu felt isolated from the world, represented in his imaginary
scenario by an empty bar, with himself as the only inhabitant, drinking his sorrows away. With his
song finished, he set the microphone down and sat back down with Taichi.
“There. Had to get that out of my system.” He took a sip from his drink, letting the silence sit
between them for a moment.
“Hey Uncle Kaz?” Taichi said, breaking the silence. “Why’d you run away from us? Did you get
tired of us?”
Kiryu nearly spit his drink out. “Excuse me? No, Taichi, that’s not— I’m not running. From
anything.”
“Then why’d you have to go and pretend to be dead?” Taichi asked. “Did we do something
wrong?”
“Taichi…” Kiryu sighed. Then, he stood up. “Come on. There’s an arcade not far from here. We
can—.”
“This shit, again?” Taichi growled as he followed Kiryu out and down the stairs to the street. “Why
is it that every time I ask a tough question, you look for a distraction? What the hell are you
running from?”
“I’m not running, Taichi, I just want to enjoy the evening with—.”
“You’re running right now, Uncle Kaz! Why can’t you just be honest with—!”
“Well wouldya look at what we got here, fellas,” a man chuckled from nearby. “Y’all look mighty
familiar.”
Kiryu and Taichi turned to face the men approaching them. “Hmm? Do I know you?” Kiryu asked.
“Probably not, but we sure as hell know you!” the man spat. “Kazuma Kiryu, right? Funny. I heard
you’d died.”
“Not sure who that is,” Kiryu lied. “I’m Taichi Suzuki, and this is my son, Tai— …T-Taichi
Suzuki. The second.”
“How convincing…” Taichi quipped. Then, he realized something. “Wait, that was you in the Ono
Michio costume?! Dude! You totally stole my thunder!”
The man accosting them chuckled. “Heh. You know you’re the world’s shittiest liar, Kiryu-han?”
“And who exactly are you?” Kiryu asked.
“Taichi Suzuki, ex-Omi Alliance.”
“What.” Kiryu said flatly.
"Is that... actually your name?" Taichi asked.
“Yeah. So first of all, quit throwing my name around like it’s yours,” Suzuki spat. “Second of all,
you ruined my goddamn LIFE, man! I was there at the Great Dissolution! You, and Watase, and

those Tojo assholes, all of you fucked my whole life up!”
“How?” Taichi asked, crossing his arms. “The yakuza needed to die out. You should’ve just gone
legit afterwards like he did, scumbag.”
“Taichi, stay out of this,” Kiryu said.
“I don’t think they’re here for a friendly chat, ‘pops’,” Taichi said upon noticing that several of
Suzuki’s friends had begun to surround them.
“Run, Taichi,” Kiryu said as he put his fists up, ready for a fight.
“Nah. I’m not like you. I don’t run from my problems,” Taichi said, also getting ready for a fight.
“If these guys wanna throw down, I say we give them something to cry about!”
OMI ALLIANCE
Taichi threw the first punch, hitting Suzuki straight in his jaw. Suzuki retaliated by grabbing him,
causing Kiryu to take his focus off of the three mooks he’d been single-handed juggling and hit
Suzuki with a roundhouse kick. Pained but undeterred, Suzuki threw a punch at Kiryu, which he
parried using a technique Sotaro Komaki had taught him years ago, sending Suzuki backwards into
his own backup. Taichi then charged the four men, knocking them down. He then picked one of
them up and held them over his head—a wrestling move he’d always wanted to do—and cracked
his back on his knee, knocking him out.
Kiryu taunted Suzuki, and Suzuki, enraged, ran at Kiryu. He hit him with a Tiger Drop, knocking
him down and out. Both of Suzuki’s remaining goons then got on the floor and trembled in fear,
begging for their lives as Kiryu approached one of them in particular. Kiryu lifted his foot above
the man’s head and stomped his foot downwards… landing just inches away from the man’s face.
Terrified by his brush with death, the man shortly passed out, leaving only one mook left, who
decided this was not worth dying over and got the hell out of there.
Kiryu scoffed and thought about smoking a cigarette, but opted not to. He didn’t want to teach
Taichi any bad habits. Taichi walked over to Suzuki and held his hand out. “Come on, man. Get
up.”
“Kiryu took everything from me…” Suzuki groaned. “The yakuza was the only place I belonged,
and now it’s gone.”
“That seems a bit extreme,” Taichi said. “Maybe instead of taking your problems out on us, you
should go get a real job. Is all you’ve done in the last four years mope about it?”
“What the hell else can I do?!” Suzuki exclaimed, sitting up and glaring at Taichi. “You don’t know
what it’s like. How could you? You’re a civvie. Kiryu-han here probably doesn’t know what it’s
like either. I hear he just cut and run, soon as the Tojo made him chairman. That’s all he’s good for,
is running away.” Kiryu looked away from Suzuki, ashamed. “Look at ‘im! He won’t even make
eye contact! I bet he’s been running his whole life. Well not all of us can!”
Taichi crouched down, giving him a sympathetic look. “What do you mean?”
“After the Great Dissolution, a lot of yakuza got unleashed on the streets with no boss, no family,
no purpose,” Suzuki explained. “A lot of us couldn’t find any legitimate work. Some people went

straight back to crime, working for whatever street gangs would take us. But me? I tried to find
work! Real work! God dammit, if I could get any job, I’d do it, I don’t even care what it is at this
point! But after the success of Ryo Aoki’s Kamurocho 3K plan up in Tokyo, a lot of other
prefectures followed suit, Osaka included. Because of the five year ex-yakuza clause, no yakuza
can get hired at any legitimate companies until five years after they drop their flags. For me, year
four is coming up in February.
“I couldn’t provide for my family,” Suzuki continued. “My wife left me, took the kids with her, and
who could blame her? I’m a goddamn bum now. Maybe I should just end it all. What’s the point in
going on? Even after my five years are up, nobody’s gonna wanna hire a washed up has-been exyakuza like me.”
Taichi looked up at Kiryu. “He’s right, Taichi,” Kiryu said. “I did ruin his life. That’s all I’m good
for. It’s why I had to disappear.”
“Huh? What do you mean?” Taichi asked. “Uncle Kaz, the Dissolution would’ve happened with or
without you. This isn’t your fault.”
“But I had a part in it,” Kiryu replied. “Just like… I’m not the one who attacked you just now, but
you were attacked because of me. Your life was in danger just because you were around me. That’s
the real reason I ran. It wasn’t to protect myself, or because you did something wrong, or any of
that. It was to protect you, and the others at Morning Glory. And now I see that I’ve failed even at
that. I really am a fool.”
Taichi looked back down at Suzuki, then back up at Kiryu. “That’s not true,” Taichi said, standing
up. “Okay, look, I can’t say that I agree with your choices. If you ask me, I still think you should
dump the Daidoji and come back to Morning Glory. But I understand now why you make the
choices you do. You just want the people around you to be able to live normal lives. Well I’m sorry
to say, Uncle Kaz… If a normal life doesn’t have you in it, we’d rather live dangerous ones!”
“Taichi…”
“Just… think about it, okay? I know we got bigger fish to fry right now. But when it’s all said and
done, I want to help you get out of your stupid contract with those Daidoji assholes.”
“Don’t you understand, Taichi?” Kiryu asked. “When everything is said and done, I have to
disappear again. This… this might be the last time you ever see me. Because if I break my contract,
they’ll come after you, and Haruka, and everyone I care about.” His voice broke as he spoke, and it
was clear on his face that he was holding back tears. “I can’t let that happen. I can’t let my mistakes
continue to hurt you.”
“Let them come!” Taichi said, grinning. “Because I’m ready to defend my family with my life, and
I think everyone else at Morning Glory is too. Maybe there’s no way out right now. But there will
be, some day! And when that day comes, we’ll meet you at the door, arms wide open! You can’t
give up now.” He looked down at Suzuki. “And you shouldn’t, either. I know things look bleak
right now. But it won’t be like this forever.”
“Yeah? Well what the hell can I do?” Suzuki asked.
Kiryu thought about it for only a moment before realizing that he had the answer… Or somebody
he knew did, anyway. “Can you get to Yokohama?”

“Huh? The hell would I do that for?”
“He’s out of the office right now, but… there’s a Hello Work in Isezaki Ijincho where you can find
a contractor by the name of Ichiban Kasuga. He’s been finding employment for ex-yakuza, and he’s
been setting them up with cell phone plans, figuring out accommodation for them, anything he can
to help them out. If you really wanna find legitimate work… He’s your best bet right now. He’ll be
back in the office after the new year. Get to Yokohama after then, and he’ll help you. Tell him
Kiryu sent you.”
“This ain’t some kinda trap?” Suzuki asked.
“What have you got to lose?” Kiryu asked. “I… can’t guarantee your life will be easier in
Yokohama. But it’s worth a shot, isn’t it?”
Suzuki thought about it for a moment, then nodded. “Yeah. It’s worth a shot. I’ll do whatever I can
to live a normal life. Even if it doesn’t work out… I’ll at least be able to say I tried.” He stood up
and bowed. “Thank you, Kiryu-han. I’ll head to Yokohama in two weeks. I… take it I probably
shouldn’t tell anyone I saw you here?”
“That would be preferable, yes,” Kiryu replied.
Suzuki nodded. “Done. You were never here.” Then, he turned and walked away.
“Do you think Kasuga will be able to help him?” Taichi asked.
“I sure hope so,” Kiryu sighed. “But… I don’t know if I made the right decision, just now. I know
that Kasuga will try his best to help him. But if he can’t… then all I’ve done is transplant a man on
the ropes from a familiar city to an unfamiliar one.”
“That’s not true,” Taichi denied. “You gave him hope, which is something he doesn’t have in
Osaka. As long as he has that… He’ll be able to climb up from rock bottom. He just needs to work
for it.”
Kiryu’s phone rang, and he picked up. “Kasuga. Are the police off your tail?”
“Yeah, they sure are. Had to answer so many questions, though. That lady’s like some kind of
yakuza huntress, the way she interrogated me. Anyway. The guys and I are hanging out in Club
Four Shine. Meet us here?”
“I can’t exactly go inside Four Shine,” Kiryu said, “but I’ll meet you out front.”
“Right. See you soon, Kiryu-san.” Kasuga hung up, and Kiryu turned to Taichi.
“This is your last chance to head home before things get really dangerous,” Kiryu said. “I can take
you to the station.”
“No,” Taichi said firmly. “I’m staying by your side until Haruto and Chihiro are safe.”
Kiryu nodded. He was done fighting unwinnable fights. “Alright, then. Let’s head out.”
“Lead the way, Uncle Kaz.” They started walking in the direction of Four Shine. “And… I’m sorry
I got upset with you.”

“You have every right to be,” Kiryu remarked. “Just know that what I did… and what I’ll have to
do… it was never your fault, or anyone else’s. My mistakes are my own. They shouldn’t be yours
to bear.”
Kiryu had a lot to think about, and as he walked through the night, he looked up at the sky. If
Kasuga can help people like Suzuki live a normal life… I wonder if he can help me, too? he
thought.
~Substory End~

Chapter 32: Poor Judgment
Kiryu and Taichi approached Club Four Shine, just as Kasuga, Adachi, Zhao, Joongi, and Sugiura
were exiting the club. “Have fun in there?” Kiryu asked. “You know, I used to manage this place.”
“You did not manage a cabaret club, come on, Kiryu-san,” Kasuga chuckled.
“I’ve managed two, actually. This one, and one in Okinawa. And I helped out my friends Kazuki
and Yuya once, back when they ran the host club Stardust in Kamurocho.” Kiryu smirked at
Kasuga. “I know my way around the business, Kasuga.”
“Seriously? Never took you for the type.”
“Say, Kiryu-san,” Adachi said, “where exactly is this Akame girl you told us about? That building
over there’s just an abandoned warehouse.”
“It’s meant to look that way,” Kiryu responded, “but Akame’s base of operations is just inside.
Come on, let’s see if I can’t get us in.”
~The Blame Game~
As Kiryu led them across the street, Taichi glanced at the building facing the roadway, just next to
the alley. “Hey… I know this address,” Taichi remarked.
“Hm?” Kiryu turned to look at the building. “How? You’ve never been to Osaka before.”
“This is the address Haruka’s letters used to come from, back when she was in the Princess
League,” he explained. “Which means this place is, or was, Dyna Chair.”
“That so? Small world,” Kiryu said. “Hmm. Looks like the place is a private law firm now.”
“I imagine they went under after Haruka admitted to being the daughter of a yakuza during her
debut concert,” Joongi said rather astutely. “No business is surviving that kind of reputation.”
“Just another set of lives I’ve ruined…” Kiryu remarked rather glumly.
“You didn’t make her do that, Kiryu-san,” Kasuga responded. “If she wanted out that bad, nothing
was stopping her from just quitting.”
“Yeah,” Adachi agreed. “Sometimes we set out to do something, but get overzealous and end up
screwing ourselves over later. Like Kasuga, for example.”
“Hey, what’s that supposed to mean?!”
“Well, there was your little date with Sa-chan,” Adachi laughed. “He tried too hard to make
everything too perfect, and it ended up turning her off completely.”
“Come on, that was, like, my first actual date ever,” Kasuga moaned. “Do you think I got any
experience with women while I was in prison?”

“Well, see, that’s exactly my point,” Adachi replied. “You thought that everything you were saying
was fine in the moment, because you didn’t know what the consequences would be, or that there
would even be any. The same goes for Haruka. There was, presumably, a better way she could have
handled everything, but she did what she thought was best with the information she had at the time.
That’s not Kiryu’s fault.”
“Hm…” Kiryu hummed. “I guess I didn’t really think about things that way. You’re right, Adachi.
The situation is more nuanced than I’m making it out to be. But I do have to accept some of the
blame. After all, it was my fault she was in that position.”
“That’s fine, as long as you remember to share the blame,” Zhao chuckled. “Get the two of you in
the same room, THEN we’ll have the entire cause in front of us.”
“So… who shares the blame for Kasuga being so bad with women?” Kiryu asked inquisitively.
Kasuga seemed annoyed. “Excuse me?”
“That’s easy! It’s the Japanese prison system!” Sugiura answered.
“Masumi Arakawa, maybe?” Zhao suggested.
“Perhaps society is at fault for the expectations we place on the individual,” Joongi pondered.
Taichi hummed. “Hmm… I dunno. It kind of seems like it’s mostly just Kasuga’s fault.”
“Hey, can we talk about something else?” Kasuga groaned.
The group arrived at what Kiryu knew to at one point be the headquarters of the Akame Network;
on the outside, the building appeared to be a small, unassuming warehouse, but in reality, it housed
the high-tech surveillance and freelance network that started as a safety net for Sotenbori’s
homeless population, but soon grew into the go-to support network for the city’s gray zone
population.
That was the theory, anyway. In truth, Kiryu had not done any work for Akame in quite some time,
so he wasn’t actually certain her network was still around—Hanawa, on the other hand, had worked
with her as recently as a few months ago. Still, with the CLP losing power and influence all over
the country, the heavily weakened Daidoji Faction was forced to withdraw from many cities
thought to be of lesser national security importance, Osaka included, and so eventually they
stopped keeping tabs on Akame.
Today, the Daidoji pretty much only operated in Kanto and Kyushu, the latter on Kiryu’s behalf. He
wondered if one day they’d be forced to withdraw from Okinawa, or perhaps cease to exist entirely.
What would become of him? Would he be able to simply… return home, like nothing happened?
Would his family accept him, even with all the pain he caused them? Or would they turn him away,
disgusted by his mistakes?
“Uncle Kaz?” Taichi said, interrupting his inner monologue. “You’re spacing out again.”
“Right. Sorry,” Kiryu apologized. I might need therapy, he thought to himself as he searched for the
biometric scanner. “Hmm…? Now, hold on…”

Kasuga grabbed the doorknob and opened the door. “It’s called doorknob, Kiryu-san.” The group
stepped inside and were greeted with a dark, abandoned warehouse, completely absent of any
evidence that Akame ever resided here. “What did I tell you? Abandoned.”
“This isn’t right…” Kiryu said. “Her headquarters used to be right here.”
“Maybe she moved?” Taichi suggested. “I mean, if she’s supposed to be underground, there’s no
way she’d stay in one place for long.”
Kiryu pulled out his cell phone and dialed a number. “Hanawa,” he said as soon as the man on the
other end picked up. “Can you talk?”
“Yeah, I’m not busy,” Hanawa answered. “Well. I am busy, sort of. I’ve been sitting in my car since
you guys left town, staking out Morning Glory and making sure nobody else tries to fuck with ‘em.
But nothing’s happened so far. Did Taichi make it to Sotenbori in one piece?”
“Yeah, he’s with me,” Kiryu replied.
“Kid’s tougher than I gave him credit for,” Hanawa admitted, chuckling. “He had no help from me,
although I didn’t exactly try to stop him, either. He might make a good agent, one day.”
“Out of the question,” Kiryu growled.
“I’m just kidding, Kiryu,” Hanawa replied rather unconvincingly. “Anyway… I imagine you called
me for a reason. What’s up?”
“Hanawa, Akame’s moved headquarters, and we don’t have any leads on where she could be,”
Kiryu explained. “Do you know anything?”
Hanawa hummed, searching his brain for the answer. “Hmm… No, last time I saw her, she was
working out of that warehouse… Although she had been talking about ‘upsizing’.”
“Kiryu-san, didn’t Akame take control of The Castle a few years back?” Sugiura asked. “After you
guys usurped that Nishitani pervert?”
“That is one possible location…”
“The Castle?” Adachi asked, sounding slightly too excited. “I’ve heard about that place. They got
gambling, booze, cabaret, the works, don’t they? We should DEFINITELY check there.”
“And then there is the old Omi Alliance headquarters,” Kiryu added. “It’s been abandoned since the
Dissolution. Maybe Akame moved her operations there.”
“Okay, so to cover more ground, we can split up,” Kasuga reasoned. “Sugiura-san, do you have a
way into The Castle?”
Sugiura nodded. “I’ll see if I can get in touch with someone.”
“Okay, so, one group will go to The Castle with Sugiura, and the other will check out the Omi
HQ.”
“I’ve got that one,” Kiryu said. “It’s probably best that I go alone.”

“Huh? Are you sure, Kiryu-san?”
“Yeah. The Castle’s a big place. More of you will be able to comb the place quicker. Besides,
unless Akame really is there, I don’t think I’ll be there long. I’ll be able to tell right away if
anyone’s occupied the Omi HQ, and give you a call if I see anything. If not… I guess we’re all
meeting at The Castle.”
Kasuga nodded. “Alright. You’re right. That might be for the best. But… You don’t have to keep
working alone, Kiryu-san.”
Kiryu nodded right back. “I’ll keep that in mind, Kasuga.” Then, he turned to look at Taichi. “Let’s
go, Taichi.”
“Hm? Uncle Kaz, you… want me to come with you?”
“Yeah. Of course. Although, The Castle does sound like more fun…” Kiryu chuckled. “I’m really
just going to go search an abandoned mansion, so if you’d rather go with Kasuga…”
Taichi shook his head. “No way! I mean, no offense, Kasuga… But I think I’d rather go with Uncle
Kaz on this one.”
“Hey, none taken,” Kasuga replied, smiling. “I mean, if Arakawa-san had asked me to go on a job
with him, I’d take that in a heartbeat.”
“Oh, yeah… your boss… father?” Taichi asked.
“Well, I mean, I never took the DNA test, so that’s still up in the air. But… yeah. I like to think of
him as one of my dads… which I guess would make Masato my brother.” There was a hint of
sadness in Kasuga’s voice as he spoke. “The people you care about aren’t gonna be around forever,
Taichi-san… You should cherish every moment you’ve got with them.” As he spoke, images of
Masumi and Masato Arakawa flashed in his mind. “Every day, I wish I had more time with the boss
and the young master. If only things had just been a bit different… If I hadn’t had those years added
to my sentence… If I had gotten out just a couple of years sooner… Maybe things would be
different, and they’d still be here today.”
Kiryu thought about people in his life that he had lost, too. Tachibana. Rikiya. Kashiwagi. Reina.
Shinji. Yumi. Kazama. Nishiki… All people who he lost far too soon, and whose lives he now felt
he took for granted, until they were gone.
And soon, he too would be forced to disappear from the lives of the people who cared about him.
His mind flashed back to Haruka, who lived on thinking he had died. He remembered their first
meeting in Bacchus, and their time together in Okinawa. He then thought about the woman she
grew into. A mother. A caretaker. And now, a fighter, fiercely devoted to her ideals and to her
family. Dare he say, she was almost like a dragon.
But the dragon’s life was not one he ever wanted her to have to live, and before he had to once
again disappear into the shadows, for good this time, he knew that he had to do everything in his
power to set things right again.
“If you’re all done being nostalgic, there’s still a kidnapped child you all need to find,” Hanawa
growled. “We need to find Akame and establish an information network in Osaka before Chihiro
and Mabuchi leave the country with Haruto.”

“Right,” Kasuga said. “Okay, Kiryu-san. You and Taichi had to the Omi HQ. We’ll get in touch
once we find a way onto The Castle.”
“Got it.” Kiryu turned to Taichi and nodded. “Let’s move, Taichi.” The two of them stepped out of
the warehouse and started to walk north towards Sotenbori Street. “We’ll need to take a cab.”
“Hey… Uncle Kaz? What’s Hanawa and the rest of the Daidoji gonna do Chihiro when we catch
her?”
“Hanawa has orders to kill any rogue elements in the faction,” Kiryu explained. “But…”
“But?”
“But Hanawa hasn’t reported the details of the incident to his superiors, yet. Mostly, it’s to protect
me. If anyone else at the Daidoji Faction knew that you discovered I was alive… Well, let’s just say
we both would pay a very hefty price. And since Hanawa’s complicit, he, too, would be punished. I
believe this may be to our advantage.”
“Wait… you mean, like, blackmail?”
Kiryu nodded. “Best not to beat around the bush. Yes, I intend to blackmail Hanawa. The truth is
that although Haruto’s safety is my number one priority, I have no desire to see Chihiro killed for
her actions. In my years, I’ve battled many foes… and by the end of our struggles, often I was the
only one able to stand.” He stopped, and looked seriously at Taichi. “That’s a piece of my past that
I’m leaving in the past. I can’t promise that she won’t be punished… But I promise to do
everything in my power to make sure that, one day, when she’s atoned, you’ll be able to see her
alive again.”
Taichi smiled and nodded at him. “I believe you, Uncle Kaz.” He looked around and realized they
were in an alleyway, far from the closest taxi stand. “Uh… did we make a wrong turn?”
“Nope,” Kiryu sighed.
“Where are we?”
“A secluded, dead-ended alleyway.”
“I can see that. Why?”
Kiryu pointed at the alleyway’s opening, which they had just come through. “We’re being
followed.”
“Hmm?” Taichi looked where Kiryu was pointing, and saw a slim man in his late thirties leaning
against the wall several feet away. He had messy, medium-length black hair with a middle part, and
wore a black leather jacket with a white t-shirt underneath, tight skinny jeans from which a long
wallet chain could be seen dangling, and white low-top sneakers. “Huh? Hey! Who are you?!”
“Impressive,” the man chuckled. “And here I thought you hadn’t spotted me.”
“You must think I’m either blind or an idiot,” Kiryu replied. “With an outfit as loud as yours? Who
wouldn’t spot you?”
“Most people don’t. I guess that puts you in the one percent.”

“Do you have a reason for stalking us, or can we skip straight to the part where I kick your ass?”
Kiryu asked.
The man laughed. “I’d watch it, if I were you.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small
pin, displaying it proudly. “I’m a lawyer, after all. Wouldn’t wanna say or do anything that you’d
regret in court later.”
Kiryu scoffed. “Am I supposed to be impressed? Pretty sure a license to practice doesn’t give you a
license to harass random civilians on the street.”
“Yeah. I guess you’re right… But… You’re no ordinary civilian, are you?”
“Ah!” Taichi grunted, but Kiryu held a hand up in front of him, preventing him from speaking
further.
“I might be yakuza. Have you ever thought of that, smartass? Maybe my aniki is one phone call
away from rolling up on you and dumping you in the ocean.”
Picking up what Kiryu was putting down, Taichi tried his best to put on a menacing face and
crossed his arms. “Yeah. You’re gonna be real sorry once our… uh… aniki comes for you.”
Kiryu sighed. "We'll work on that..."
The man smirked. “What family?”
Somehow, Kiryu didn’t have an answer prepared. “Uh…”
“The Daidoji Family, perhaps? No, wait… the Daidoji faction… right?” Kiryu’s stunned silence
was all the man needed to confirm his suspicion. “Hehe… no, you’re not yakuza. If you were, you
wouldn’t be caught dead in Sotenbori. Yakuza are a dying breed out here, and soon they’ll be
extinct.”
Kiryu stared at the man, then let out a slight chuckle. “Hmph. You’re smarter than you look. Mind
telling me your name, and what the hell you want?”
“You first.”
“The name’s Joryu.”
“Joryu-san… sure. We’ll go with that.” The man glanced at Taichi. “And the kid?”
“He’s not part of this,” Kiryu said forcefully. “I told you my name. Now you tell me yours, and
what it is you want. Otherwise, we’ll be taking our leave.”
The man chuckled once more and stepped away from the wall and towards Kiryu and Taichi. “The
name’s Yagami,” he answered.
Takayuki Yagami
Yagami Detective Agency
“I’m a detective,” he continued. “You’re a person of interest in my latest investigation.”

Kiryu narrowed his eyes at Yagami. “Oh? And why is that?”
“Well… As a detective, it would be inappropriate for me to identify the client… But needless to
say, somebody out there really wants me to look into one Minoru Daidoji. Of course, Daidoji
passed away some time ago… but apparently, there’s a group of individuals in the government
carrying out his will. You wouldn’t happen to know anything about that, would you?”
“I’ve never met a Minoru Daidoji in my life,” Kiryu said. Technically, he was telling the truth.
“You’re wasting your time. You oughta go back to your client and tell them your search came up
short.”
“Well, as it turns out, I’m stuck here in Sotenbori for the time being, so I really have nothing better
to do.” Yagami sighed. “I’m a wanted man up in Tokyo. They’re saying I helped orchestrate the
murder of the Seiryu Clan’s captain. The warrant for my arrest came down the same day that I was
asked to investigate Daidoji. Sounds a bit fishy, don’t you think?”
Kiryu scoffed. “I’m sure it's a coincidence.” It really, really was a coincidence. “Wait… You’re
wanted in connection with Haruka Sawamura’s case?”
Yagami dropped his smug aura as soon as the name was dropped. “So you are behind it,” he
growled, glaring at Kiryu. “Why are the Daidoji after Haruka-chan?”
“Wait a second, you’ve got me all wrong!” Kiryu tried to assure him. “I think we might be on the
same side. Even so… What’s happening here is none of your concern. Just… lay low, and let us
deal with this.”
“Not a chance,” Yagami responded. “You’re going to tell me who the Daidoji are, what they want
with Haruka-chan, and why all of my friends are being framed for the murder she didn’t commit!
And if you want to make things difficult, I’m more than capable of handling myself in a fight.”
“Hmph. Why don’t we put that to the test?” Kiryu growled as he got ready for another fight. Taichi
stood by him and prepared himself as well.
“You have no idea what you’re getting yourself into,” Taichi laughed as he held his fists up. “You
want my advice? Back off now, before you learn the hard way what it’s like to go toe to toe with a
dragon.”
Yagami smirked as he took up a low kung fu stance with both of his palms facing outward, his left
outstretched towards Kiryu and Taichi and his right close to his chest. “Maybe this is poor
judgment… But I don’t think I believe in dragons,” he boasted. “But I’ve seen crazier things. Show
me what you’ve got!”

Chapter 33: Rolling Judge Eyes Fall
Kiryu threw the first punch, yelling out as he swung at Yagami, but to his surprise, Yagami was
able to dodge the attack with ease. He looked pretty agile, but he seemed to be even faster than he
looked, which Kiryu found astonishing. Taichi tried to tackle him, and astoundingly, Yagami
dodged this by jumping over his head. While still in the air, he then attempted to deliver a kick
straight to Taichi’s skull. Seeing this, Kiryu pushed Taichi out of the way and met Yagami’s
downward kick with his own iconic high kick.
TAKAYUKI YAGAMI
With both attacks blocked, Kiryu backed up, and Yagami landed on his feet. “Mistaken as you may
be, I’ve never been one to turn down a good fight,” Kiryu said as he and Yagami circled each other.
“I hope you don’t disappoint.”
“Likewise, Joryu-san,” Yagami responded, chuckling. “I hope you know that I don’t go down
easy.”
Kiryu smirked. “Heh. All the better. It’s been too long since I’ve been challenged!” He switched
into his kickboxing Rush stance to match Yagami’s speed and hit him with a left jab, a right cross, a
left hook, a right gut punch, and a right hook to finish. Yagami was unable to dodge any of these
but took all of the hits in stride, and retaliated with two open-palm strikes and a back fist, all of
which Kiryu was able to guard against; however, he then followed it up with a right back kick
which broke Kiryu’s guard, making him vulnerable to Yagami’s next move, a heavy right axe kick
across his face. Kiryu yelled out, partially in pain, but mostly in surprise—this guy hit a lot harder
than he looked like he would. This was perfectly acceptable to Kiryu—it just meant he would have
to stop holding back.
“Uncle Kaz!” Taichi yelled out as he saw Kiryu take the hit. He ran at Yagami, who glanced at him
and was able to very quickly counter whatever attack Taichi had ready with a sharp jab to the gut
powerful enough to drop a tiger—
Hey, wait a second! Kiryu thought as he watched Yagami Tiger Drop Taichi away from him,
sending him flying into the wall behind. Is this man a student of the Komaki arts? He ran to
Taichi’s side and helped him up. “Are you alright, Taichi?” he asked, concerned.
“Yeah…” Taichi groaned as he stood up. “This guy’s the real deal, though.”
Kiryu glared at Yagami. “You just made your last mistake,” he growled as he slowly and
menacingly approached the detective, his face becoming more and more angry with every step. “If
you want to die, you’re on the right goddamned path!”
“Oh, shit,” Yagami muttered as he switched up his stance, spinning 360 degrees and weaving away
from Kiryu’s many punches. “Look, man, I was gonna leave the kid alone. He attacked me first!”
Kiryu returned to his Yakuza stance and roundhouse kicked Yagami across the face, sending him
flying backwards. Yagami hit the wall and stood up as Kiryu and Taichi cornered him. “Gotcha,” he
said as he then turned around and kicked himself off of the wall, jumping into the air and over
Kiryu and Taichi’s heads.

“Whoa!” Taichi exclaimed.
“What the…?” Kiryu asked himself as time seemed to slow down and he focused solely on Yagami
as he soared through the air. Much of his anger dissipated as he watched the display, and he was
instead filled with a feeling he hadn’t felt in quite a long time. “That’s rad!” he exclaimed. He was
having a REVELATION!
Kiryu now recognized the fighting style that Yagami had switched into a moment ago. It was Crane
Kung Fu, a reactive style suitable for dealing with groups, as Yagami now was. The other style was
Tiger Kung Fu, its offensive opposite. By analyzing the moves Yagami had used thus far, Kiryu
was able to incorporate several elements of both styles into his own three fighting styles—
including, most crucially, wall-jumping and overhead strikes.
In his older age, Kiryu had begun to forget why he wanted to become strong in the first place. Part
of it was to feel powerful, yes. Another part of it was to protect his loved ones. But most
importantly at all, it was the thrill of discovery—learning new ways to become stronger was what
gave him the will to live, before and after the yakuza, and he hadn’t had that in a very long time.
In short, Takayuki Yagami was breathing new life into what it meant to be Like A Dragon.
Kiryu grabbed Yagami’s leg to prevent him from finishing his airborne attack and swung him over
his back, again sending him into another wall. “I suppose I should thank you, Yagami,” Kiryu
chuckled. “Because you reminded me just now why I fight to begin with.” He turned around to face
Yagami, a slight smile on his face. Taichi smiled as well and stood confidently next to Kiryu,
cracking his knuckles. “Unfortunately for you, that means I won’t be holding back going forward.
If you think you can take me on… then step up!”
Growling, Yagami ran at Kiryu, who kicked himself off of the wall behind him and jumped over
the detective’s head, and then knocked him down with a forceful down-air kick to the skull.
“Agh… hey… that’s one of my moves,” Yagami groaned. “You stole that!”
“Pretty sure you stole one of his a second ago,” Taichi laughed as he shrugged his shoulders and
held his hands up. “I think that makes you guys even.”
“I learned most of what I know on the streets of Kamurocho,” Yagami argued as he stood back up.
“And the basics of kung fu? I learned that from my father.”
“And the Komaki Tiger Drop?” Kiryu asked. “Did the ‘streets’ or your father teach you that, too?”
“Huh? The counter? No, I learned that one from a tutorial on YouTube.”
“What.” Kiryu debated inquiring more about who was posting videos of the Komaki arts on the
internet, but decided against it. Instead, he threw several more punches and kicks at Yagami. Some
connected, some didn’t, but it was clear that the dragon had the upper hand in this fight now. He
yelled out as he threw a high kick at Yagami’s chest and sent him back a few steps. Taichi followed
this up with a sumo tackle, allowing Kiryu to deliver a running kick to Yagami’s head while he was
down. Yagami quickly stood back up and jutted his right leg out at a downward diagonal angle and
adopted a bladed stance with his hands open.
As the battle went on, Kiryu tried to figure out what he was doing but didn’t really recognize this
fighting style, not entirely at least, which suggested that Yagami cobbled it together himself. At the
very least, the way he moved was reminiscent of Wing Chun, and his attacks in general seemed to

be more focused on evasion and deflection, which Kiryu took to mean that Yagami was slowly
beginning to realize this fight was not winnable.
Taichi threw a sloppy punch at Yagami, which he rather easily parried, sending Taichi behind him.
He then turned his attention to Kiryu and readied up a deadly attack, then jumped at the dragon
with an outstretched knee. Kiryu countered with his own mortal reversal, first blocking the attack
with a modified Komaki Knockback using his dominant hand, and then following up with a reverse
wheel kick he’d seen one of Sohei Dojima’s lieutenants use in 1988. Thanks, Awano, he thought as
Yagami hit the ground and then bounced into the air, allowing Kiryu to juggle Yagami for six
consecutive punches, increasing in speed with each punch.
Once, after reading an old manga from his childhood, Hokuto no Ken— known in the west as “Fist
of the North Star”—Kiryu had a dream that he had taken the place of the manga’s protagonist,
Kenshiro, and embarked on a journey across the wasteland, searching for the whereabouts of
Kenshiro’s beloved Yuria, long thought dead. The dream was so vivid, so real-feeling, that Kiryu
often wondered if it was truly a dream, or if he was perhaps… glimpsing into another life he led,
somewhere in an alternate universe? Whatever the case, Ken’s power was unmatched thanks to the
Hokuto Shinken, but by training his speed and the preciseness of his attacks, Kiryu hoped to one
day come close.
All of this was to say that Kiryu felt as though he was channeling Kenshiro's Hundred Rending
Fists attack as he laid into Yagami with punch after punch. You’re already dead, Kiryu thought,
smirking as he landed one final attack to Yagami’s gut, sending him flying into the wall.
“Agh…” Yagami groaned as he slowly fell onto the ground. “Dammit…” He then passed out,
unable to remain conscious after the last attack. Kiryu and Taichi approached his body, and Kiryu
crouched down to examine him.
“Is he gonna be okay?” Taichi asked.
“He’ll be fine,” Kiryu assured him. “He should wake up soon… which means we need to get
moving.”
“I feel kinda bad… don’t we owe him an explanation?”
Kiryu nodded. “We do. And maybe one day, we’ll be able to give him one… But if Haruka is his
client, we can’t risk him figuring out who we are and reporting back to her. Sorry, Yagami. But
there’s too much at stake right now. We’re gonna have to keep you in the dark a little bit longer.”
He stood up and nodded to Taichi. “Let’s go.”
Taichi nodded. “Right.” The two of them turned and left the alley, Yagami stirring awake as they
walked away.
“Dammit…” Yagami repeated as he watched them leave. “Just who the hell are you, Joryu-san?”
Once they were gone, his phone rang, and he groaned as he looked down at it. He didn’t recognize
the number. “Hello?” he answered wearily.
“Yo, Tak…” the voice on the other end said. “You don’t sound so good. You alright?”
Yagami’s eyes widened, and he shot up. “Kaito-san!” he exclaimed. “Yeah, I’m fine, but… How
are things up in Tokyo? I saw on the news that…”

“Haruka Sawamura busted out,” Kaito chuckled. “Yeah, I saw.” On his end, Kaito stood in one of
the few telephone booths still in operation, somewhere on the outskirts of Yokohama in Kanagawa
Prefecture. Haruka and Higashi stood just outside of the phone booth, ignoring the rain that fell
over them. Saeko, Seonhee, and Nanba had already gone on ahead, back to Ijincho—the group
agreed it was safer not to travel in such a large group, lest they arouse suspicion. “Sorry to call
from an unfamiliar number,” Kaito continued. “Don’t wanna use my cellphone too much, in case
my shit’s been tapped. Can’t tell you exactly where I am, but as I’m sure you could’ve guessed, I’m
working on getting our little situation sorted out.”
“Wait… don’t tell me you were behind the breakout?” Yagami asked.
Kaito smirked. “I’ll leave that up to your imagination. So. How goes things down there?”
“Well, it wasn’t going great, until today. I looked into the Daidoji Faction, like you asked, and right
away I was able to figure out a couple of things. Number one, they used to have quite a large
presence in Osaka, and I discovered what may have been one of their hideouts in Sotenbori. Based
on what I was able to deduce, they left town just after the Citizens’ Liberal Party lost power in
Osaka, which suggests the two groups may have been connected.”
Kaito hummed. “Hmm. But with the nearly year-after-year scandals—the ADDC, Ryo Aoki, Vice
Minister Kusumoto—the CLP’s been losing elections left and right.”
Yagami nodded out of habit, but of course Kaito couldn’t see. “That’s right. And that means the
Daidoji, whoever they are, are a rapidly weakening organization. I had also heard about a woman
here in Sotenbori named Akame, who apparently had ties to the Daidoji, but that was a dead end.
There’s no sign of her anywhere. I thought my investigation at reached a conclusion… until I saw a
peculiar looking man arrive in town today.
“Kaito-san… did you know that Sugiura’s in town?”
“Huh? Seriously?”
“Yeah. He arrived with that Ichiban Kasuga guy the cops are looking for, and a few others.”
“Huh… Kasuga and Sugiura, eh?”
“So here’s where that gets really interesting,” Yagami continued. “I asked Sugiura to investigate
Okinawa, near the Morning Glory Orphanage, for any signs of Daidoji activity. Safe to say, then,
that Kasuga was in Okinawa as well.”
Kaito raised an eyebrow, then glanced at Haruka. “Ichiban Kasuga’s been poking around your
orphanage.”
“What?”
Kaito returned his attention to the phone call. “Tak. There was a kidnapping at Morning Glory last
night. We thought it might’ve been the Seiryu Clan, but now I’m thinking there’s more to this story.
Did Kasuga’s group have a kid with them? A boy, around seven years old?”
“No, no kids. My guess is that Sugiura and Kasuga are in Sotenbori following up on whatever
happened in Okinawa, though. And that’s not all… they were followed. By a Daidoji agent.”

“No kiddin’!”
“Yeah… and he whooped my ass just now.”
Kaito chuckled. “Must’ve been a pretty strong guy, to take you out that easily.”
“Oh, he was something else. Had a younger guy with him, too. Might be a new recruit. I’m not
sure. Anyway… this agent showed up in Sotenbori very quickly after Kasuga and Sugiura did.
They might’ve even been on the same train. I don’t think that’s a coincidence. I think whatever
happened in Okinawa, the Daidoji were involved.”
Kaito glanced back at Haruka. “What did the agent look like?” he asked.
“Tall guy. Mid-50s, maybe. Dude was shredded, too. Graying hair, black originally, not that that
really narrows things down in Japan…”
“Were you able to get a name?”
“Joryu.”
“You’re shitting me,” Kaito muttered.
“Huh? Kaito-san, do you know this guy?”
“Yeah. Me and Higashi met him back when I took that case in Sotenbori a few years back. If
Joryu’s working for the Daidoji… fuck. That guy’s shadier than I thought.”
Haruka raised an eyebrow. “Joryu? The one from The Castle that you mentioned?”
Kaito nodded. “The very same, it seems.”
Jo-ryu… Purified Dragon. Could it be? Haruka thought. If it is, then… “What if… Kasuga is
working with the Daidoji, and they arrived separately to avoid arousing suspicion?”
“Sugiura wouldn’t have gone along with that,” Kaito responded. “Unless…”
“I think the Daidoji are on our side,” Haruka said. “Kaito-san… I think I know who Joryu really
is.”
“Huh? Seriously?” Just then, they heard police sirens about a block away.
“Aniki,” Higashi said in a hushed tone. “We need to go.”
Kaito nodded. “Tak. I gotta run. I’ll give you a call when I can. Keep an eye out for any other shady
characters, okay?”
“Can do,” Yagami said.
Kaito hung up the phone. “So, Yokohama’s our next stop, yeah?”
Haruka nodded. “Yes. Seonhee told me if we can get to Ijincho, we’ll be safe, at least for the time
being. She wants us to meet up in Liumang territory.”

Kaito grinned. “Tesso’s gonna be covering our asses, huh? Good shit. Let’s get out of here.” They
got moving, heading through the night and rain, in the direction of Ijincho.
“So, Kaito-san,” Haruka said. “Akio Yamamoto. The police officer who wanted me to throw you
under the bus. You said you knew him, and that he had some sort of grudge against you and
Kasuga?”
Kaito nodded. “Yeah. I told you before that the Matsugane and Arakawa Families were both under
the same Tojo branch, right?”
“Yes, you did.”
“Well, let’s see, this would have been around… 2000, in the summer, I think? Back then, the family
above us was the Kazama Family. Yamamoto belonged to the Sakaki Family, who the Arakawa
Family was beefing with. Arakawa felt the Sakaki Patriarch was selling information to the Omi,
and he was determined to prove it.” Kaito sighed. “There was only one problem. The Kazama
Family captain had sworn a blood oath with the Sakaki captain, so the tension between the two
families… well it just wouldn’t do. Bad for business, the boss said.”
“I can imagine,” Haruka said. So Kashiwagi was the Sakaki captain’s sworn brother? Maybe he has
more insight here… “…So I can imagine Kasuga might have butted heads with Yamamoto on
Arakawa’s behalf… What about you? Why does he have it out for you, too?”
Kaito let out a low, growl-like sigh. “Now that’s one hell of a long-ass story… But to make it a
shorter one? Somebody in the Sakaki was selling information to the Omi. It just wasn’t their
patriarch.”
“It was Yamamoto,” Haruka deduced.
“Yeah. He has it out for Kasuga and I because we’re the ones who figured it out,” Kaito explained.
“Matsugane and Arakawa sent the three of us on a raid together, as a way of breaking bread
between the Arakawa Family and the Sakaki Family. There was an Omi Alliance family out from
Kansai that had set up shop in Shibuya, and we were sent there to show them who ran things in
Tokyo. But they knew we were coming. Yamamoto bailed as soon as they started shooting, and
Kasuga and I nearly got killed on that job. We just barely made it out with our lives, and then…”
“You idiots were supposed to kill them,” a much younger Kaito overheard a voice exclaiming from
around the corner. He and Kasuga turned the corner, and saw Yamamoto in a pay phone. He
panicked when he saw them and tried to run. “Huh?! Oh, shit!”
“Who were you calling just now?” Kaito exclaimed, grabbing Yamamoto and pushing him against
a wall. “Who the fuck did you call?!”
“This fucking bastard… he’s working for the Omi Alliance!” Kasuga accused.
In the present, Kaito closed his eyes and sighed. “We beat the shit out of him, and brought our
findings to the Third Chairman. We couldn’t prove shit, though. It was our word against his, and he
was one of the Tojo Clan’s top earners. Come the new year, Kasuga was convicted for murdering a
Sakaki soldier. That put to rest any chance we had of proving that Yamamoto was a fucking rat.
“Next time I saw the bastard, he was missing a finger. Apparently, his boss was forced to pay a
hefty sum to the clan to make the whole thing go away, which means everyone believed us the

whole time.”
“And the Sakaki Patriarch paid Chairman Sera for forgiveness…” Haruka muttered. “I’m guessing
Yamamoto losing a finger was part of that ‘payment’.”
“The Omi weren’t the only people Yamamoto was talking to, though,” Higashi pointed out. “In
2001, the Sakaki office got raided, and guess who was ‘missing’ the day of the raid.”
Haruka crossed her arms. “Yeah, he told me that too. He became a police informant and got his
patriarch and captain locked up.”
“That part, I did not know,” Kaito admitted. “But it tracks. Guy was willing to talk to anyone if you
paid or threatened him enough. I wouldn’t be surprised if the Seiryu Clan’s paying him, too…”
The group walked past a road sign indicating that Isezaki Ijincho was close by. “Actually, come to
think of it… I can think of a reason he’d have it out for you, too, Haruka-chan,” Kaito continued.
“Hmm?”
“See, he might’ve been a police informant the whole time… but after the Sakaki Family dissolved,
another family took its place in the Tojo’s hierarchy, and he joined that one for a time. Care to
guess which one that was?”
Haruka thought about it for a moment. Which Tojo family could he have come from that would
cause him to harbor a grudge against Haruka? Suddenly, it hit her. It couldn’t be… “…the
Nishikiyama Family,” Haruka muttered. As if to punctuate her realization, lightning flashed in the
sky above, followed shortly by the distant rumble of thunder.
“Bingo,” Kaito affirmed. “It looks like all the ghosts of the Fourth Chairman’s past are coming
back to haunt you, Haruka-chan.”
The group entered Ijincho proper as Haruka cast a determined glare forward. “Those ghosts came
for my family. That’s a step too far. Hold on, Haruto… mama's on the warpath, now. If Yamamoto,
or the Seiryu Clan, or anyone else thinks they can stop me… then they need to step up.”

Chapter 34: Get Over It
Haruka, Kaito, and Higashi walked through the streets on their way to Restaurant Row at the center
of Liumang territory. Upon entering Ijincho, they passed Seiryo High School across the river, and
Kaito stopped for a moment to look at the building.
“Seiryo High School…” Kaito said. “Hard to believe it’s been a whole year since all that went
down.”
“One of your investigations, I assume?” Haruka asked.
“Yeah. What started out as a bullying investigation escalated, fast. Turned into a whole serial
murder case.”
“Oh, yeah, actually, I think I saw something about this school on the news…” Haruka said. “I heard
a teacher here was murdered in her own apartment. I remember her being so young… I felt so bad
for her.” Kaito went quiet. “Hmm? Kaito-san? Is everything alright?”
“Yeah…” Kaito replied quietly. “Yeah. Everything’s just fine. Let’s get out of here.” Haruka and
Higashi continued walking, but Kaito lingered for just a moment, staring at the school. “…This
time… I’m gonna save everyone. Nobody’s dyin’ on my watch. I promise.” With a private oath
sworn, he followed the others. “Wait up, you guys.”
As they walked, they saw several individuals in extraordinarily creepy masks hanging out in the
alleys. “White Masks and Geomijul,” Kaito muttered, raising his scarred eyebrow. “Not every day
you see those two groups working the same streets.”
“Seonhee must have the entire city on lockdown,” Haruka said in amazement. “…She scares me,
honestly.”
“It’s you that should be scarin’ people!” Kaito laughed.
“Huh?”
“I mean, they’re pretty much here ‘cos of you. Not to mention, you got two ex-Tojo boys escorting
you… Maybe those news reports calling you a crime boss are onto something.”
“That’s not funny, Kaito-san.”
“Eh… it’s a little funny.”
The group soon made their way to Qing Jin, the heart of Restaurant Row, where Seonhee, Saeko,
and Nanba were waiting, sitting at a table with an unfamiliar-looking Chinese man with a crossshaped scar across his face.
“Haruka!” Saeko exclaimed, standing up and pulling Haruka into a hug. Haruka prayed Saeko
couldn’t feel just how much her heart rate increased as soon as their chests came into contact. It felt
like it was going to explode. “You’re safe. Good. I was getting worried.”
“Real worried,” Nanba quipped. “You do know we all broke out of the same prison, right?”

“Yeah, but once we split up, I kept thinking about what might’ve happened if the police found her,”
Saeko explained.
“She had two ex-yakuza escorting her,” Seonhee chuckled. “She’d have been fine.” Seonhee had
gotten back into her usual outfit that Haruka first met her in, as did Nanba, swapping out his black
fingerless gloves with white ones. Saeko, however, had changed into something a tad warmer, a
gray sweater dress with black tights.
The Chinese man waved at Kaito. “Yo, Kaito! Long time no see!”
“What’s up, Tesso,” Kaito greeted, grabbing his hand and pulling him into a slight “bro hug” before
sitting down.
“Word on the street is you’re up shit’s creek, my friend,” the man laughed.
Tesso
Yokohama Liumang White Mask Branch Leader
Tesso looked over at Haruka. “So this is Haruka Sawamura, huh? She don’t look like no killer to
me.”
“Quite,” an unfamiliar young woman at the table with chin-length black hair, parted to the left,
said, nodding. “The classic frame-up. Cliche, but effective. Tropes are tools, after all.” She wore a
black blazer with a white button-up shirt underneath and a red skirt with black tights.
Haruka raised an eyebrow. “And you are?”
The woman bowed. “Kyoko Amasawa. I’m an intern at Yokohama 99, here on Makoto Tsukumo’s
behalf. Obviously he can’t be here right now, because of… you know. The murder investigation.”
Kaito raised an eyebrow. “Seonhee, should you have really brought a kid here?”
“I’m 19!” Amasawa pouted.
Seonhee rolled her eyes. “She followed us here. And then she tried blackmailing us, and threatened
to go to the police if we didn’t let her sit in on our ‘case’, so… we really didn’t have much choice.”
Saeko seemed annoyed. “You threatened to kill her, first.”
“I was just trying to scare her!” Seonhee defended. “I wasn’t actually going to do it. She saw right
through that, of course. Hence why she’s here.”
Unbothered by the topic of conversation, Amasawa raised a clenched fist, grinning. “I’m gonna be
a master detective one day, just like Yagami-sensei!”
Haruka smiled politely at her. “Well, with determination like that, I’m sure you’ll go far.
Although… This is technically a meeting between dangerous gang bosses and an indicted murder
suspect, so… Maybe exercise some modicum of self-preservation next time? Then again,
considering what I had been through by the time I was 19… maybe I’m not one to talk.”
“Hey, you know, you and Amasawa sound kind of alike,” Nanba pointed out.

“Like, their attitudes?” Kaito asked.
Nanba shook his head. “Nah. Like their voices.”
“I don’t hear it,” Haruka denied. She looked at Seonhee. “Well, Seonhee? What’s the plan?”
Seonhee nodded. “Okay, so, first thing’s first. Ijincho is a relative safe zone for us right now. We’ve
got the whole town on lockdown. Geomijul and Liumang are both patrolling the streets, so for now
at least, we’ll be able to plan our next moves in relative peace. I still wouldn’t draw too much
attention to yourself, but we can at least relax for a minute.”
Haruka shook her head. “No. I can’t. Not until I know Haruto is safe.”
Amasawa tilted her head. “Haruto?”
“He’s my son,” Haruka explained. “He’s seven years old. He’s the sweetest boy you’ve ever met,
and he’s been kidnapped.”
“Oh my god… that’s terrible. Do we know who did it?”
“The Seiryu Clan, most likely,” Haruka answered. “They’re the ones that framed me for the murder
of their own captain. Masataka Ebina and Jo Sawashiro are responsible. I know it.”
Tesso shook his head. “That’s a cute theory… but it’s off-base.”
Haruka glared at Tesso. “What?”
“Wh-what I mean is, there hasn’t been any meaningful movement by the Seiryu Clan since Sano
was murdered,” Tesso explained. “Sheesh, if looks could kill…”
“In short, Tesso here’s been monitoring pretty much everything in Ijincho since we got arrested,”
Seonhee translated. “My Geomijul agents have been doing so as well. They even sent scouts to
Tokyo. And, yeah, the Seiryu Clan’s been awful quiet since everything went down at the old Tojo
headquarters. With all of the police scrutiny that’s been on them since Sano’s murder, they wouldn’t
have much room to move on your orphanage… and honestly? I don’t think they’d have much
reason to anyway.”
“Besides the fact that they hate her, of course,” Saeko pointed out.
“Well, yes, there is that. But for as much as Ebina hates Haruka, Chairman Takabe wouldn’t have
signed off on it.”
Amasawa put a finger to her chin. “Is there anybody else who’d want to hurt you or your family,
Haruka-san?” she asked.
Haruka crossed her arms. “Akio Yamamoto. He’s a corrupt cop with the Tokyo PD. Ex-Tojo Clan,
too, according to Kaito-san.”
“But as we’ve already established, he’s mostly after Kasuga and Kaito-aniki,” Higashi pointed out.
“Going after your family after he’s already put you away doesn’t make any sense.”
“Kasuga was in Okinawa…” Haruka mused.

Saeko’s eyes widened. “What?”
Haruka nodded. “I think he’s working for the Daidoji Faction. Or with them. I think… I think he’s
trying to find Haruto.”
“But wait…” Nanba realized. “Ichiban was looking into triad activity down south. If he was poking
around Morning Glory…”
“That seems like a dead end,” Kaito groaned. “I mean, there’s no triad group in the country with
any reason to give a shit about some orphans in Okinawa… right?”
Haruka gasped. “Wait… it can’t be…”
“Hang on…” Saeko said. “Haruka… you said your husband was Chinese, right? Not to assume,
but… did he have triad ties?”
Haruka nodded slowly. “Yuta Usami was the only living son of Big Lo, the chairman of the Saio
Triad. Six years ago, the triads, the yakuza, and a Jingweon Mafia boss named Joongi Han
attempted to murder Haruto in order to prevent the Saio Triad from falling to a half-Japanese heir.”
Saeko raised an eyebrow. “Joongi did what, now?”
“Different Joongi,” Seonhee reminded her. “Haruka it’s plausible that we’ll be meeting up with
another man also named Joongi Han. He’s not the same one that tried to hurt you and Haruto in
Onomichi six years ago. I need you to remember that, okay?”
Haruka tilted her head. “Huh? Well, yeah. I mean, sharing a name with a guy isn’t a crime.”
“Uhh, it’s a little more than just a name…” Seonhee muttered.
“Wait, but Yuta’s… no longer with us,” Saeko realized. “Which means… Haruto-kun is the last
living heir to the Saio Triad…”
Haruka nodded. “And that means that the only people who would have taken Haruto are…”
“Akira Mabuchi and his goons,” Nanba finished.
“Holy shit…” Tesso muttered.
The group sat in silence as they tried to digest this information. “We have to get to Sotenbori…”
Haruka muttered, causing everyone to stare at her.
“Huh?” Amasawa asked.
Haruka looked back up at everyone, tears in her eyes. “Kasuga’s in Sotenbori. That means that
Mabuchi’s in Sotenbori, which means that’s where Haruto is! We need to get to Sotenbori, now!”
As she spoke, several White Mask Liumang slowly approached the group.
Tesso looked up at them, an eyebrow raised. “Yo. Kind of in the middle of something here. Can
you guys give us some space?”
“[Not possible,]” one of the Liumang replied in Chinese.

“Huh? Hey, I’m your goddamn leader, show me some respect!” Tesso argued.
Two of the Liumang looked at each other, then back at Tesso. “[Your leadership is no longer
required.]”
Haruka’s eyes widened. “What?”
“[Lao Ma sends his regards!]”
Haruka looked frantically at everyone. “Who?!”
One of the Liumang pulled out a gun, pointing it straight at Haruka’s temple. Kaito stood up and
kicked the gun out of his hand just as he pulled the trigger, causing the bullet to narrowly miss
Haruka and embed itself in a nearby wall. Amasawa screamed, and everyone got down on the
ground as a second White Mask pulled out his own gun, but before he could get a shot out, Seonhee
pulled a gun out of her jacket and shot him in the chest, sending him to the ground, clutching his
wound.
“It’s a fucking ambush!” Seonhee shouted. “They’re with Mabuchi!”
“Kaito, get Amasawa out of here!” Haruka ordered. “Take her to Survive in the Bar District! We’ll
meet up with you there!”
Kaito nodded. “Right,” he said as he grabbed Amasawa’s hand. She looked up at him, terrified. He
simply smiled at her. “Come on, I’ve gotcha. Higashi, Tesso, you’re with me.”
Higashi and Tesso nodded, and used their bodies to cover Amasawa as they fled the scene. Haruka
stood up, glaring at the triads before her as Nanba, Saeko, and Seonhee stood by her side. “I take it
you’re the bastards who took my son. If you so much as harm a hair on his head—!”
One of the triads laughed. “Don’t worry,” he said in Japanese. “We’ll take good care of Haruto
Sawamura. A shame that you have to die, but his Japanese heritage must be eradicated if he is to
lead.”
Haruka narrowed her eyes at him. “You better hope you can kill me right here, because I intend to
burn your entire organization to the ground!” As she got ready to fight, she could finally see these
men for what they were—monsters. Her vision once again distorted as her enemies became
enveloped in white flashes of light and transformed in front of her, becoming exaggerated,
monstrous versions of themselves, their eyes glowing red as they waved their blades and aimed
their crossbows.
YOKOHAMA LIUMANG
“I might be losing my mind, but I don’t care right now,” Haruka growled. “You’re all going down!”
She ran at her first adversary, one of the crossbow archers, and hit him twice with an open-palmed
hand, then finished with a surprisingly hard roundhouse kick to the chest, which sent the man to the
floor, though he quickly stood back up.
“[I hope you know a good doctor!]” he taunted as he rolled backwards and shot a bolt at her. She
was able to guard against the shot, reducing the damage taken. Seonhee moved next, pushing one
of the Liumang to the ground and stomping on his groin. Saeko followed this up by hitting the

Liumang in front of her with her handbag and sending him flying towards Haruka, who redirected
him with a roundhouse kick, sending him flying into two of his allies, knocking all of them out.
Unfortunately, any who were defeated were quickly replaced by more, who stepped into battle
cracking their necks and their knuckles, and stretching their legs in preparation.
“There’s too many of them!” Nanba exclaimed. “Shit, Tesso, do you even vet your guys?”
“Don’t blame Tesso for this mess,” Seonhee shot back. “This is my fault for not recognizing how
many snakes we had in the grass. First the Seiryu Clan, now this… the Ijin Three is falling apart at
the seams. Makes me wonder if Yokohama’s better off without us in charge. I’m sorry, Haruka. We
were supposed to protect you, and now…”
“There’s no time to think about that now,” Haruka said, shaking her head. “We need to cut through
these guys and get to Survive. Oh, I’m sorry for this, Kashiwagi… but I need your help one last
time.”
Saeko tilted her head. “Hmm? Who’s Kashiwagi?”
Haruka shook her head. “Uh, nobody important.”
Nanba chugged a bottle of liquor, then walked up to a group of Liumang and pulled a lighter out,
breathing on the flames and spewing fire in a wide path, igniting their clothes and causing them to
scatter. “This way. Come on!” The group ran through the break in the crowd and made their way
back onto the streets of Ijincho. Liumang were openly engaging in melee combat with Geomijul
agents on the streets.
“This is chaos…” Seonhee muttered. “God dammit. I need to get these streets under control!”
“I’ve got things from here,” Tesso suddenly said as he strolled down the alleyway, several of his
own White Mask Liumang in tow.
“Hm? Tesso-san, where are Kaito and Higashi?” Haruka asked.
Tesso gestured in the direction of the Bar District. “They’re still with the girl. You might wanna
catch up with them. My boys and the Geomijul will take care of all the traitors.”
“But…”
“Just go, Haruka,” Tesso ordered. “Establishing order on the streets is my job. We’ll have Ijincho
locked down in no time.” He grinned as he got into a fighting stance, a set of metal claws attached
to each hand. “You boys ready to whoop some ass?!”
The Liumang beside him nodded and joined him as he entered the fray, easily defeating several of
the traitors with the help of the Geomijul.
“Hmph. Would you believe he turned down an offer to become the next leader of the Liumang?”
Seonhee asked. “Some stuff went down here in Ijincho last year with a gang from Kamurocho and
some kind of mole from Public Security. I tried to promote him after the leadership he displayed
working with Kaito, Yagami, and Yokohama 99 during a crisis that I had to be absent for. You
know what he said? It was too much responsibility. Unbelievable.” She crossed her arms and

sighed. “Well I gotta say, Tesso… you’re doing a lot better than I have been.” She shook her head
and turned to Haruka. “Come on. Let’s go.”
The group fought their way through Ijincho, taking down scores of treacherous Liumang along the
way, and eventually ended up in the Bar District, where Kashiwagi was waiting outside of Survive,
smoking a cigarette.
“Haruka!” he called out. “Get in here, quickly.” Haruka and her party approached the door. “Were
you followed?” he asked.
Haruka sighed and nodded. “Yeah, unfortunately. We’re ready to fight, but…” she turned around,
trailing off.
Nobody was there.
“Huh? But…”
Kashiwagi chuckled. “Trick question. People in this town know better than to mess with my guests.
Come on, let’s get you off the street… and out of the prisoner getup.”
Haruka looked down at herself. She hadn’t changed clothes since leaving the prison. “Oh! Uh, do
you have a change of clothes, Otsuka-san?”
Kashiwagi nodded. “Your stuff is still upstairs. Come on, get changed, before someone sees.”
The group entered the bar, where Kaito, Higashi, and Amasawa were sitting at a table. “Yo,
Haruka-chan. You made it,” Kaito greeted.
Haruka nodded. “I’ll be back,” she said breathlessly as she ran upstairs.
Saeko raised an eyebrow at Kashiwagi. “Say, bartender… you don’t seem that shocked to see a
prison escapee turn up at your place of business.”
Kashiwagi simply laughed. “I’ve… heard stories about her father. Let’s just say I’m not terribly
surprised that she’s got some fight in her.” The door opened again, and he looked over his shoulder.
“Sorry. We’re closed for the…” he started to say, before sighing. “Of course…” he muttered. “I
should have known you’d show up.”
Upstairs, Haruka had changed back into her usual outfit—white hoodie, red undershirt, jean skirt,
brown boots—and sighed as she looked at herself in the mirror. “Oh, Haruka… you’ve been
through a lot this past week, haven’t you?” she said to herself. “I can’t reflect on it right now,
though. Haruto needs me.” She went back downstairs and saw that her entire party was crowded
around a table stuck in a fighting stance. “Hmm? What’s happened?”
“Stay back, Haruka-chan,” Kaito growled. “We’ll have this piece of shit dealt with in no time.”
“I’m really not that opposed to killing you,” Seonhee said to their unseen target. “Leave. Now.”
Haruka tilted her head. “Guys? What’s wrong?” she asked as she walked around her party to see
who they were standing off against. She gasped when she saw him.
Jo Sawashiro sat casually at the table, smoking a cigarette. He looked up at Haruka and sighed.
“Evening, Haruka.”

“You…”
Sawashiro took a sip from his drink and smirked. “I don’t think we were properly introduced.” He
stood up and bowed slightly. “My name is Jo Sawashiro, and I am honored and humbled to be in
the presence of the Fourth Chairman’s daughter. Truly.”
Haruka, too, got ready for a fight. “I’m not going down easy this time, Sawashiro.”
Sawashiro rolled his eyes. “Please, with the theatrics. Can you calm down, and call off your attack
dogs?”
“Look who’s talking!” Saeko laughed. “Ebina sends you here to do his dirty work, but we’re the
attack dogs for protecting our friend?”
Sawashiro chuckled and shook his head. “Well, you are right about one thing. I am here on Ebina’s
behalf. But believe me, if he had asked me to kill Haruka… she’d already be dead. So don’t make
assumptions about why I’m here.”
Haruka narrowed her eyes at him. “Why are you here, then?”
Sawashiro in turn narrowed his gaze at her and turned away. “The truth is… I’m here because…
The Seiryu Clan needs your help, Haruka. And in return, we are prepared to help you.”
It took Haruka a moment to process his words, but when she did, her eyes widened. “Wh…
what?!”
“Why don’t you say it like you mean it, ‘cap’,” Kaito snarled.
Sawashiro glared at Kaito. “And just who are you?” he asked, though given Kaito was present at
the Tojo HQ on the night of Haruka’s arrest, this was likely a rhetorical question.
“Masaharu Kaito. Ex-Matsugane Family. Masumi Arakawa was my boss’s sworn brother, so I
know all about the proper etiquette, and what he would have expected of you. If you really want
Haruka-chan’s help… and you have any shred of honor left as a yakuza… then you’ll ask like an
honorable yakuza ought to. Whether or not she decides to help you is her choice. But coming from
somebody who’s walked the extreme path, same as you… this is pretty bad fucking form.” He got
in real close. “You’re asking somebody below your station for a favor… show some goddamn
humility, why don’tcha?”
Sawashiro narrowed his gaze at him. “Ngh…” he growled. Then, he looked at Haruka, sighed, and
shifted his stance so that his legs were further apart. He then placed one hand over each knee and
bent his knees so that Haruka stood over him, and bowed his head, causing everyone in the room to
gasp in shock.
Everyone, that is, except for Kaito, Higashi, and Kashiwagi. All three were yakuza, so all three of
them knew the drill; this was the price a yakuza was expected to pay.
“Haruka Sawamura…” Sawashiro began, hiding any sign of embarrassment or contempt he may
have held for the situation, “…please excuse the transgressions of me… and of my family. The
Seiryu Clan, and by extension all of Japan’s yakuza, need your help. And if you’ll allow me just a
moment of your very precious time, I’ll explain everything. I think our goals align… Sawamurasan. Ebina has sent me here… to propose an alliance.”

Haruka’s mouth was agape at the display. She looked at all of her allies, who seemed just as
shocked as she was, except for Kaito, who just smirked.
“You're enjoying this, aren't you, aniki?” Higashi asked, sighing.
Kaito’s smirk grew. “Maybe just a little. Oh, what I wouldn’t have given for Captain Hamura to
have bowed before me like this…”

Chapter 35: Sincerity Amidst Brutality
Haruka, her party, Kashiwagi, and Amasawa stared at Sawashiro in silence as he stood before them
with his head bowed, having begged Haruka both for forgiveness and for her assistance. It was a
display none of them expected from him.
“He’s so full of shit,” Nanba growled, breaking the silence.
“No,” Haruka said, shaking her head. “He’s being sincere.”
“Huh?”
“Don’t you see, Nanba-san? As a yakuza, bowing to a civilian like this and begging for their help…
It’s the ultimate sign of vulnerability. In the yakuza world, you can’t afford to be vulnerable, even
as a feint. Sawashiro-san… You really need our help.”
Sawashiro nodded. “Mhmm. I wouldn’t be asking if I didn’t,” he explained. “I’m too proud for that.
I might not be the most virtuous yakuza, but I still have my honor, at least.”
“Tell me this, then, Sawashiro…” Haruka said, her gaze narrowing once again. “…Who killed the
Seiryu Clan’s captain?”
“I intend to take the blame for it,” Sawashiro answered without hesitation, eliciting gasps. “His
plan for the Tokyo Seiryu Clan ran contrary to Ebina’s.”
“That’s not what I asked, though, is it?” Haruka said.
“…If it’ll satisfy you… Ebina killed him,” Sawashiro answered. “He asked me to, and I refused. So
he did it himself. But you already knew that, didn’t you?”
“I suppose I did,” Haruka conceded. “…What about Yuta Usami?”
Sawashiro looked up at her. “Wh… what?”
Haruka stepped closer to him. “Yuta Usami. My husband,” she said, tears forming in her eyes. “He
worked for Dojima Security. In 2020, he came into contact with the Seiryu Clan on a job in Tokyo.
He fell ill on that job, and fell into a coma from which he never awoke. Masataka Ebina knew his
name! Tell me, Sawashiro… did the Seiryu Clan poison my husband?!”
Sawashiro looked at her, then lowered his head again. “Mm… I see why you think that might be
the case. I wish I could tell you for sure, one way or the other… but the truth is… I have no idea. I
didn’t get out of prison until earlier this year. If I knew, I swear to you, I would tell you. I take it,
though, if he was working for Daigo Dojima, that your husband was ex-yakuza?”
Haruka nodded. “The Hirose Family, of Hiroshima’s Yomei Alliance.”
“Then I doubt it. You see… Ebina’s plans, and mine as well, pertain to ex-yakuza such as Usami.”
“Huh?”

Sawashiro again looked up at Haruka. “If you’d allow me to explain… everything will become
clearer to you momentarily.”
Unable to decide if she should trust Sawashiro, Haruka looked to her allies for counsel.
Amasawa crossed her arms. “So… Professor Moriarty himself has sought you out to form an
alliance, Haruka,” she said. “I say you hear him out.”
Haruka turned to Saeko, who was glaring at Sawashiro. “Haruka… the shit that he put you
through… the shit that he put Ichiban through… It makes my blood boil.” She sighed and shook
her head. “But, it’s your choice whether we want to hear him out or not.”
Nanba similarly wasn’t receptive. “If it was me… I would tell this piece of shit to get lost. But… if
Ichiban told every piece of shit he didn’t trust to get lost, well, I don’t think I’d be in this room
right now. Hmm. Maybe you should hear him out.”
“Just say the word, and he’s at the bottom of the Tokyo Bay in a pair of concrete shoes,” Seonhee
growled. “Sawashiro killed Chairman Hoshino. Even if I could forgive everything else, I can’t
forget that.”
“But if he really killed Hoshino… why would the Seiryu Clan have accepted him into their ranks?”
Haruka reasoned. “I think there’s more to this story.”
“Hmm. Maybe. It’s your call, anyway.” Seonhee smiled slightly. “I trust you to make the right
decision.”
Haruka turned to Kaito. “I say we hear him out,” he said. “There are a lot more of us right now than
there are of him. If he tries anything, we’ll give him a beating he won’t forget,” he chuckled,
grinning as he smacked his fist into an open hand. “But, I dunno. It’s like you said. His honor as a
yakuza is more important than life itself. I think he’s being genuine.”
Higashi wasn’t terribly helpful one way or the other. “I know we haven’t known each other very
long, Haruka, but any friend of Kaito-aniki’s is a friend of mine. Whatever you decide, we’ll have
your back.”
Finally, Haruka asked Kashiwagi for his opinion. “I’m just a humble bartender,” he answered. “A
nobody, really. So maybe my opinion isn’t worth much. But… Sawashiro does come from a world
where showing weakness like this is a huge deal.”
“So let me ask you something, bartender,” Haruka replied. “I heard that the Arakawa Family was
under the Kazama Family in the Tojo Clan.”
“I believe I heard something similar,” Kashiwagi confirmed. “And if there’s anything I know about
Masumi Arakawa’s followers, it’s that they were an honorable bunch. …Were. I don’t know
anything about what they’re like today.”
Having consulted all of her allies, Haruka turned to face Sawashiro once again.
“I understand the skepticism, anger even, from some of you,” Sawashiro said. “I will do whatever it
takes to atone, and to make things right.”

Haruka sighed. “Stand up, Sawashiro.” Sawashiro nodded and stood up straight. “I believe you.
Maybe I shouldn’t… but I do.”
“Thank you, Sawamura-san,” Sawashiro said. “Your trust is not misplaced. I promise.” He looked
around at all of the people who were gathered in the bar to assist Haruka. “Hmph. You know, you
and Ichi seem to have a lot in common.”
“Is that so?” Haruka asked.
Sawashiro nodded. “Yeah. From where I’m standing, anyway.”
The door opened once again, and Tesso entered, covered in blood, scratches, and bruises. “Yo,” he
greeted nonchalantly. “The streets are under control. Ijincho is locked down. The Geomijul, the
Liumang, and the Seiryu Clan are patrolling their territories.”
“Thank you, Tesso,” Seonhee thanked.
Tesso stared at Sawashiro. “I take it you guys are in the middle of something? I’ll just take a seat
over here…” he said as he slipped past the group to sit at the bar. Kashiwagi got behind the bar to
serve him. “Don’t mind me.”
Haruka looked back at Sawashiro. “Okay, Sawashiro. You want to talk? Let’s talk.” She walked
over to a two-person table by the window and sat down. Sawashiro sat across from her, while
everyone else tried to relax, though nobody could really take their eyes off the two. Kashiwagi
brought two glasses of Suntory whiskey and set them down on the table. “Thank you, bartender.”
She turned her attention to Sawashiro. “So, to start… Why does the Seiryu Clan need my help?
And why should I give it to you? You all framed me for murder.”
“Again, I understand,” Sawashiro sighed. “When this is all over… I intend to turn myself in for
Sano’s murder.”
“Do not.”
“Huh?”
Haruka looked up from her drink, glaring slightly at him. “If you truly didn’t do it, then you
shouldn’t take credit. I don’t want my freedom to come at the expense of another innocent person.”
Sawashiro chuckled. “Is something funny?”
“Remember a minute ago when I said you and Ichi had some things in common?” he asked. “That
is exactly something he would’ve said. No matter how much he hated me… he’d want me to go
down for something I did, rather than something I didn’t.”
“Right… You were Kasuga’s captain in the Arakawa Family. I take it that the two of you didn’t get
along.”
“Well, he was a bad earner, and I was the family’s treasurer. With that being said… if I knew what
kind of man he’d grow into, maybe I’d have gone a little easier on him.” Sawashiro chuckled again.
“Or perhaps it’s because I was so hard on him that he turned out the way he did. I was never much
of a father, so… it’s not really for me to say.” He glanced at the dragon-phoenix tattoo around
Haruka’s wrist. “He had the spirit of the dragon in him… just as you do.”

“I’m no dragon,” Haruka denied. “This tattoo is here to honor the man I called my father.”
“If you say so.”
If I have any other questions for Sawashiro, I should ask them now, Haruka thought. “So, were you
the one that organized my breakout?”
Sawashiro shook his head. “Nope. Ebina didn’t give the order to seek you out until after your
breakout. The fact that there was a breakout at all had nothing to do with us.”
“Interesting… So the guy in the wheelchair that Kaito-san met… that wasn’t a Seiryu Clan
operative?”
Sawashiro raised an eyebrow. “No, I don’t know anybody like that. Not anymore.”
“Anymore?” Haruka pressed.
Sawashiro shook his head. Clearly, he didn’t want to talk about it. “Like I said, we don’t have
anyone like that in the Seiryu Clan. But who knows. There’s a lot in the organization I’m not privy
to. It’s possible Ebina had something to do with it. I’m just not aware of any cooperation.”
Haruka nodded. “I see…” So then who was that guy…? “About Ebina… Why did he frame me in
the first place?”
“He had to frame somebody, I guess,” Sawashiro shrugged. “You embarrassed him in front of his
men, and your fingerprints were already on the knife. You were the perfect candidate.”
“And yet, now you say you need me.”
“Yup. That’s the way the cookie crumbles, I guess.”
“Why didn’t he come see me himself?”
“Well, he is the Seiryu Clan’s captain now,” Sawashiro revealed. “He has his hands full with family
business.”
“Hmm…” Haruka thought about any other questions she might have had. “You said ex-yakuza play
into your plans. What do you mean?”
Sawashiro nodded. “As I’m sure you are by now aware, the Great Dissolution was masterminded
by my patriarch, Masumi Arakawa. I… owe a great debt to the boss, even though he’s no longer
with us. So it is my intent to carry out his will.”
“And that is…?”
Sawashiro crossed his arms and leaned back in his seat. “Pop quiz. What was the membership of
the Tojo Clan and the Omi Alliance at the time of the Great Dissolution?”
Haruka thought about it. “Hmm… Well, in 2019, I’m not sure… but when I was a kid, between the
two of them, there were probably… sixty, seventy thousand yakuza? Somewhere around there?
Probably a lot of quasi-members who hadn’t sworn up as well.”

“Exactly. That’s a lot of jobs gone, right there,” Sawashiro explained. “Add that with the smaller
families who disbanded later on because of the anti-yakuza laws, and you’ve got close to a hundred
thousand ex-yakuza, maybe more, all of them suddenly on the streets. And with so many
prefectures financially penalizing former yakuza, keeping them from getting jobs, hell, right here in
Yokohama, ex-yakuza can’t even purchase cell phones… it’s a rough world to be thrust into. Most
of these guys don’t even stand a chance. Masumi Arakawa wanted to make the transition into
legitimacy as painless as possible. It hasn’t exactly panned out so far… but that’s part of what
Ebina wants to do. It’s why I joined the Seiryu Clan. And it’s why I keep following his orders, even
though I disagree with some of his methods. I don’t expect you to understand, but it is what it is.”
“Wait, but how exactly is Ebina helping ex-yakuza?” Haruka asked.
“Right… Well, you know that the Seiryu Clan is ramping up recruitment, right?” Sawashiro asked.
“If I’m not mistaken, your brother Mitsuo was sucked up into that. For that, I do apologize. Really.
The recruitment drive was meant for people who already have a history in the yakuza.”
“You’re intentionally recruiting ex-yakuza?”
“We are. And we’re not the only ones. The Seiryu Clan is seeking alliances with other yakuza clans
across the country who are doing the same thing. The Yomei Alliance is one we’ve been in touch
with, in fact.”
“To what end?” Haruka asked.
“Well, the plans aren’t finalized yet,” Sawashiro admitted. “But the Seiryu Clan has been making
plans to dissolve, and reincorporate as a legitimate business, with every yakuza we’ve recruited on
the payroll as our employees. In effect, Ebina is planning a Second Great Dissolution; a complete
end to all yakuza activities in Japan.”
“An end to the yakuza…?!” Haruka gasped, shocked.
“Yes. And all of the yakuza we’ve been recruiting will have jobs from the get-go, completely
circumventing any ex-yakuza clauses. An end to the yakuza… but also, a new hope for the yakuza
that are currently active.”
Haruka couldn’t believe it. A Japan without yakuza… was it possible? More importantly, was what
Sawashiro was saying—that the ex-yakuza would be able to transition to legitimacy with ease—
even true? It seemed too good to be true. Even Yuta, the most harmless yakuza from Hiroshima’s
most harmless family, had problems finding legitimate work after leaving, until Daigo came along
with an invitation to his security company.
“If that truly is what Ebina is planning… it’s a noble cause indeed,” Haruka admitted. “But I don’t
believe he’s acting without some ulterior motive.”
“Believe what you want to believe,” Sawashiro said, shrugging. “Trust me, if it turns out that Ebina
isn’t who he says he is, I’ll be the first one to bail. But so far, I have no reason to distrust him.
“But you do,” he continued. “You have every reason to distrust Ebina. You’d be stupid not to. But
in light of everything I’ve told you… I’m hoping you’ve found it in your heart to trust me. I
understand if you don’t. But I think our goals and your goals are much the same, which is why I
humbly ask that you ally yourself with the Seiryu Clan.”

“Against what?”
“The Saio Triad has returned to Japan,” he explained. “I’m sure you already know this. They just
attacked you on the street. And they’re the latest in a series of gangs to have taken control of
Kamurocho. First it was RK, then it was Crimson Lotus, and now it’s triads. That revolving door of
power transfers is bad for business, which is bad for recruitment, which means we won’t be able to
fulfill Masumi Arakawa’s dream.”
“Dream…?” Haruka repeated. So, it all comes back around. “Sawashiro… the Saio Triad have
taken my child. Do you know what it’s like to have your child taken from you?”
Sawashiro nodded. “I do…” he said sadly. “I take it, then, that you already intend to take the fight
to the Saio Triad. So please… let us help you.” He pulled out his cellphone and placed it on the
table. A photo of a large man and a petite woman with black hair was displayed on screen. “The
people in this photo are the suspected masterminds behind the Saio Triad’s Japanese expansion. On
the left is Akira Mabuchi. Your friends know all about him, I’m sure. He’s ruthless, and he’s
dangerous. On the right is his lieutenant, Chihiro Watanabe. That’s an alias. Her real name is
unknown, if she even has one anymore.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
Sawashiro shook his head. “We did as much research into her as we could, and turned up nothing.
Basically… she doesn’t exist.”
“The woman who erased her name…” Haruka muttered.
“Regardless… The Seiryu Clan happens to know that Mabuchi is an idiot, which means Watanabe
is likely the brains of the operation,” Sawashiro continued. “This photograph was taken in Osaka
by a local information broker. It’s likely the Saio Triad’s Japanese operations are based out of
Sotenbori. If that is the case… then it’s also likely that your child is there.”
Haruka nodded. “Ichiban Kasuga is in Sotenbori, too. One of Kaito’s contacts spotted him there.
And Kasuga’s been following Mabuchi’s movements.”
“It would be best, then, if you and your allies made your way down to Sotenbori as soon as possible
and made contact with Ichi. The Seiryu Clan will provide you with as much support as we can. The
only thing we can’t do is finance your mission. Please understand, any financial transactions in
your direction will be immediately scrutinized during a time when the Seiryu Clan can’t afford any
scrutiny. We will, however, get you in touch with an information broker out there. She will be of
great help to you, I assure you.
“One last thing,” Sawashiro continued. “When you’ve successfully made contact with Ichi, and
rescued your child, I need you to bring Ichi and his allies back to Tokyo so that they can help us
drive the Saio Triad out of Kamurocho. After you’ve done all of that… We’ll help you get your
murder charges dropped, and make sure that you and your child are returned safely to your
orphanage in Okinawa.”
Haruka eyed Sawashiro suspiciously. “I don’t trust Ebina,” she muttered. “If I learn that he killed
Yuta… I’ll make him suffer.”
“I think very few would blame you, if that were the case,” Sawashiro responded. “But Ebina is
simply too important to Masumi Arakawa’s dream, so if you take any action against him, it would

end very badly for you, I assure you. But for now, at least… it is in both of our best interests to
cooperate with each other. Can the Seiryu Clan count on you as an ally? If not for us… then for
Arakawa, and for Ichi?”
Haruka stared at Sawashiro for a moment longer, her mistrustful expression still on display. “I will
make my way to Sotenbori as soon as possible,” she relented, though the look on her face didn’t go
away. “I’m going to save my son. That is my first priority.”
“Of course,” Sawashiro said, nodding. “It should be.”
“When I find Ichiban Kasuga, I will send him your way… and then I’m coming back to Tokyo to
stand trial.”
The party gasped. “But Haruka—!” Nanba started.
“I didn’t murder Sano, but if I don’t have my day in court, my innocence will never come to light,”
she explained. “I don’t want to run from my problems anymore. I want to face them head on.” She
thought of her mother, Yumi Sawamura, who with her dying breath warned her against running
away. It was a warning she, like Kazuma Kiryu before her, had yet to heed. “If I can’t learn to face
my problems, how can I face Haruto?”
Sawashiro nodded. “If that is what you wish to do, I won’t stop you. In all honesty… your
conviction is unlikely. Some crucial evidence might go ‘missing’.”
“If you say so. Are we done here?”
Sawashiro stood up. “I think we are. Please, come see Ebina and I at our headquarters in the Red
Light District before you make the journey to Sotenbori. We will see you off, and provide you with
intel you might find useful.” He bowed once again, this time without any hesitation. “Thank you,
Haruka Sawamura. Genuinely.” He then turned and walked out, leaving the room in silence.
“So… you’re really heading to Sotenbori then, huh?” Saeko asked, to which Haruka nodded.
“Yeah. Haruto needs me.”
“Cool. When’s our train leaving?” Kaito asked.
“Huh?”
“What, you didn’t expect us to let you tackle this by yourself, did you?” he laughed. “Nah. I think
we’d be pretty shitty friends if we did that, and I think everyone here agrees with me.”
Haruka looked around as everyone in the room smiled at her. Saeko, Nanba, Seonhee, Kaito, and
Higashi stepped forward. “We’re with you all the way, Haruka-chan,” Nanba assured her.
“I gotta hang back and make sure shit doesn’t fall apart here in Ijincho,” Tesso said, “but consider
the Liumang your allies, too.”
Kashiwagi nodded. “And if you need a place to lay low, my door is always open to you.”
Even Amasawa, who they’d all just met, grinned. “This might be the most interesting mystery I’ll
ever get to be a part of. No detective worth her salt would pass this opportunity up. I’m no fighter,
but… surely I can still help you in some other way?”

So many people were gathered here to help her, and Haruka wasn’t sure she could handle it. “You
guys…” she chuckled, blushing. These were her friends, and it was clear they were in it for the
long haul. She smiled at them and nodded, a determined look in her eyes. “Okay. Let’s do this,
everyone. As soon as we’re ready… we’re heading to Sotenbori, and getting Haruto back.
Together.”
Nanba grinned and put his hand out in the middle of the group. “Alright then, O Hero of Okinawa!
Let’s swear on it! The Sawamura Party is in it to win it!”
Seonhee put her hand in. “For the woman with unshakeable determination.”
Higashi did as well. “For the Fourth Chairman’s pride and joy.”
Kaito shook his head and laughed, before putting his hand in. “Fuck it… for the ass-kicking
Dragon of Morning Glory!”
Saeko was the last to put her hand in. She smiled softly at Haruka. “For my friend.”
Haruka nodded, and placed her hand over everyone else’s. “For Haruto. Everyone… let’s do this!”
The Sawamura Party threw their hands up in the air and cheered.

Chapter 36: The Sadamoto Files
Haruka walked outside Survive, and saw Kaito in a pay phone, leaning against the glass. “Hmm?”
~Substory 06: The Sadamoto Files~
The phone rang twice, before a woman picked up. “H-hello?” she greeted, nervously.
“Hey, Mikiko,” Kaito greeted. “It’s me.”
“M-Masaharu?! Are you okay?! Where are you?!”
Kaito shook his head. “I wish I could tell ya… but I gotta be careful right now. The cops
interviewed you about me, didn’t they?”
“Mhmm…” Mikiko sighed. “Masaharu… What's going on? They’re calling you a murderer. That’s
not true, is it?”
“Nah. It ain’t true. And soon, I’ll be able to prove it. You trust me, don’t you?”
“Yeah… of course I do. But… I’m worried about you.”
Kaito sighed. “I know you are, Mikiko. I’m…” he fell silent as he heard some slight interference in
their call. “…Somebody’s listening, aren’t they?”
“…Y-yeah…”
“Are the police with you right now?”
“No… Not right now… but they do have the phone line tapped. They’re tracing all of my calls.
You should probably hang up, now.”
Kaito chuckled. “Why? I ain’t sayin’ anything wrong. Besides, I ain’t even in Tokyo right now.
And even if I was, getting to hear your voice again is making it all worth it.”
Haruka chuckled to herself. You’re a real charmer, Kaito-san, she thought.
“How’s Jun holdin’ up?” Kaito asked. “Is he stayin’ out of trouble?”
“Yeah, but… He’s worried, too,” Mikiko muttered. “Worried about losing another father.”
“That ain’t gonna happen,” Kaito assured her. “I’m not gonna abandon you two like that. I promise.
Is he there now?”
“No,” Mikiko answered. “He went out. He’s trying to take his mind off of things.”
“Well, tell him I called, and… hopefully I’ll be home soon. And when I am home, I’m taking the
three of us on a big vacation.”
“Oh yeah? Where?”

“Oh, I dunno… Hawaii, maybe.”
“Oh really? With what money?”
Kaito sighed. “Ah, you had to remind me…” he muttered, causing Mikiko to laugh on her end. He
laughed too. “Heh… I’ll figure somethin’ out. …Everything’s gonna be okay, Mikiko. I promise.
I… I love you. Both of you.”
“I love you too, Masaharu.” It sounded like she was crying.
“Hey, come on, don’t cry… I’ll call again soon. The police will love that.” Mikiko laughed again
through her tears. “Goodbye, Mikiko.” He hung up, and sighed. “Dammit…”
“Everything okay, Kaito-san?” Haruka asked.
“Hmm? Oh, Haruka-chan. Yeah, everything’s fine. I was just callin’ my girlfriend, making sure
everything was okay.” He sighed. “Truth is, with how dangerous shit’s getting… I’m not sure when
I’ll get to see her again. Ah, man, saying that out loud is really bumming me out.”
“It sounds like she’s important to you.”
“She is. Her, and Jun.”
“Is that your son?”
Kaito chuckled. “Something like that.”
“Hmm?”
“Come on, I’ll explain it to you over drinks.”
***
Haruka and Kaito sat at the bar inside Survive, where Kaito had just finished explaining to her his
home situation, his past with Mikiko Sadamoto, and how he took her and her son in earlier this year
after Jun’s father tried to kill the both of them, before being killed himself by one of his own
henchmen. The whole story seemed… really familiar. “Wow… it seems like the three of you went
through a lot.”
Kaito nodded. “Yeah. Jun’s real father was a real piece of shit. Honestly, I sort of relate. My dad
was a piece of shit, too. I always told myself… if I ever had kids, I’d be better to them than my dad
was to me. It’s early days still, but… I hope I can be a good dad to Jun. Or something close,
anyway.”
Haruka nodded. “I suppose I can relate, too. My biological father was… evil, is the only way that I
can describe him.”
“Oh, yeah… That CLP politician, right? What was his name… Jingu?”
“Yes. I was the result of an extramarital affair, and he tried to have my mother and I murdered to
save his career.”
“That’s awful…”

“I suppose I’m lucky, actually,” Haruka continued. “Because even though my biological father was
so terrible, I never actually met him until that fateful night in Kamurocho seventeen years ago. So
when he died, I felt… nothing, except relief. To me, Uncle Kaz has always been my real father.”
Kaito sighed. “Jun wasn’t so lucky. You guys have similar stories, now that you mention it…
except Jun’s father raised him. There’s a lot of baggage that comes with that. Even after
everything… what the guy put him through… He was his father. Jun had to watch the man who
raised him die, right in front of him. I’ve got a lot of scars from that night. But I think it’s Jun that
came out of it the worst off of all of us.”
“I see.” Haruka took a sip of her drink.
“Well, I gotta take a leak,” Kaito said as he stood up. “I’ll be back in a sec.”
Haruka nodded. “Take your time.”
Kashiwagi watched Kaito walk to the restroom. “So that story was familiar, huh?”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. Swap Kaito-san out with Uncle Kaz, and Jun with me, and that story is
pretty similar to what happened to me seventeen years ago. Although, it isn’t an exact parallel…”
“History doesn’t always repeat, but it does often rhyme,” Kashiwagi said rather sagely. “It’s
something that Kazama-san said to me once, right after Kiryu and Nishiki joined the Tojo Clan.
Apparently, the circumstances weren’t all that dissimilar to his own entry into the world of
organized crime.”
“Mm.” Haruka heard the front door open, and she turned to see who had entered. It appeared to be
a teenage boy, around 14 or 15 years old, with dyed red slicked back hair and a black sherpa lined
Levi’s zip-up jacket. He wore a gold chain necklace and a white t-shirt over a longer orange shirt
underneath the jacket, and black sweat pants and brown work boots underneath that. “Might wanna
check this one’s ID,” Haruka muttered. “Definitely underage.”
“Damn kids,” Kashiwagi grumbled. “Hey, kid. You need something?”
The kid approached the bar and sat down next to Haruka. “Yeah. Beefeater and tonic.”
“Uh huh… Can I see some ID?”
The kid smirked and pulled out a small identification card. Kazuma Kiryu, the ID read. According
to his date of birth, he was 26. Haruka raised an eyebrow, and she and Kashiwagi slowly looked up
at each other.
“Is he serious?” Haruka asked.
“Damn,” the kid chuckled, looking at Haruka. “You’re pretty good looking. Why don’t I buy you a
drink, too?”
“I think I’m a bit old for you, kid,” Haruka muttered. “Shouldn’t you be in school?”
The kid laughed. “We’re breaking for the holiday.”
“You’re on a school holiday at 26?” Kashiwagi asked.

“Huh? Oh, uh, I mean… school? What’s that?”
“Busted, ‘Kiryu’-san,” Haruka laughed.
The kid sighed. “Whatever. That’s not what I’m here for anyway. I’m looking for someone, and I
heard he had been seen around here.” He placed a photo on the bar.
It was of Kaito.
Haruka looked down at the photo, then slowly looked up at the kid. “Uh…”
“Yeah, I uh… no idea,” Kashiwagi lied.
“Man…” the kid sighed. “I’ve been looking all over for him. I even came out to Yokohama to see
him.”
This kid… could he be…? “Are you working for the police?” Haruka asked.
The kid seemed confused. “Huh? Uh, lady, do I look like a narc?”
Right, he definitely doesn’t. Then… “He must owe you money.”
“Yeah! I mean, no. Yes, he owes me money. We made a bet before he went missing, but that’s
neither here nor there. I’m not a debt collector.”
What kind of loan shark would hire a kid to collect, anyway? Think, Haruka. So then… “You must
be Jun-kun,” she said finally, having taken a shockingly long time to come to the fairly obvious
conclusion. She was beginning to think spending time in Ijincho was making her dumber.
The kid nodded. “Yeah. Jun Sadamoto. The guy in the photo’s my dad, Masaharu Kaito, and…
hang on, how did you know my name?”
Kaito walked out into the bar. “Ah… that’s a relief. Hey, Haruka-chan, you let someone take my
seat, what gives—?” he said as he walked around to see who was sitting in his seat. “Uh…”
“Kaito, there you are!” Jun said, standing up out of the seat. “Mom’s worried sick about you, man!”
“Jun, what are you doing here?” Kaito asked.
“Presenting bartenders with fake IDs,” Kashiwagi grumbled.
Kaito glared at Jun. “What? Let me see that.” He snatched the ID from Jun and read it. “‘Kazuma
Kiryu’? As in the Fourth Chairman of the goddamn Tojo Clan, Kazuma Kiryu? Jun, that guy’s a
legend, and he’s dead. Nobody’s going to buy that that’s your name, or that you’re 26. You
could’ve passed for 20, but 26? Come on, man, use your head.” Noticing that Haruka was glaring at
him with a raised eyebrow, Kaito cleared his throat. “Ahem. And also, uh, you’re too young to
drink, and you shouldn’t be using fake IDs, and all that. But— whatever, that’s not even the point.”
He tossed the ID over his shoulder.
“Ah! I need that!” Jun whined.
“Just what are you doing in Ijincho?” Kaito asked.

“Looking for you! The police were at our apartment, asking mom all these questions about you,
saying you killed a rival yakuza.”
“Yeah, well, it ain’t true.”
“I know! That’s why I’m here! I thought you and I could team up, and solve the murder ourselves,
like last time!”
Kaito let out a low growl and looked away from Jun. “Jun… I’m fine. Really. Get your ass back
home. Your mom’s probably worried about you.”
“She’s worried about you , you moron!” Jun argued. “I’m worried about you!”
“Well, you can tell her I’m fine, okay?” Kaito shot back, his patience running thin.
“Kaito-san…” Haruka sighed.
“And who is this lady, anyway?”
Haruka bowed politely. “You can call me Haruka. I’m a friend of Kaito-san’s.”
“A ‘friend’, huh?” Jun said, eying her suspiciously. He then glared at Kaito. “So this is what you’re
ditching us for? You found some hot young tail to chase?”
Haruka gasped. “What?!”
“That ain’t what this is, Jun. You know that. I’m on a case. So how about you back off of mine?”
Haruka looked at Kaito, a worried look in her eyes. “Kaito-san!” His temper was making the
situation worse.
“Whatever, asshole!” Jun spat. “If you just wanna abandon us like that, fine! We don’t need you
anyway!” He stormed towards the door, grumbling on his way out.
“Ah, shit… Jun, wait…” Kaito tried to stop him, calming down.
“Fuck off!” Jun slammed the door on his way out.
“That… could’ve gone better,” Kaito sighed. “…Guess I’m not so great at being a dad, yet.”
“We should go after him,” Haruka said. “What if something happens to us, or to him, before you
see him again? You don’t want that to be your last conversation with him.”
Kaito nodded. “Right. Thanks, Haruka-chan.”
***
So, now we’re tailing people, Haruka thought. Great. This is gonna look really bad. Once she had
eyes on Jun, who was walking north from the Bar District, she followed him from a safe distance,
with Kaito in her ear using an earpiece he’d given her. Just above, The Pigeon followed her
progress. She walked casually, trying not to arouse suspicion.
“Hmm…” Kaito mumbled.

“Hm? What’s wrong, Kaito-san?”
“Oh, nothing… It’s just… Seeing you tail somebody like this is kinda weird. Like it’s… wrong,
somehow.”
“I thought you said you and Yagami do this all the time?”
“Yeah. Me and Yagami. It feels wrong seeing someone else do this.”
“Are you… gatekeeping stalking?”
“Yeah, I guess I am.”
Haruka rolled her eyes and shook her head. “I swear…” she muttered. Unfortunately, she wasn’t
looking where she was going, and stumbled over a row of bikes, alerting Jun to her presence. “Oh,
sh… S-shoe! My shoe’s untied!” she said as she got down on one knee and started re-tying the
laces on her boots.
Jun raised an eyebrow as he looked around for whoever could’ve been following him. “Huh…
thought for sure I saw someone.” He turned back around and kept walking.
“Did that seriously work?” Haruka muttered under her breath, causing Kaito to laugh in her ear.
“You’d be shocked what you can get away with,” he laughed. “Unless you’re following somebody
who’s completely paranoid, they’ll write anything off as coincidence.”
“Hmm… noted.”
“Hey, you’re doing great. Heh. Maybe when this is all over, you’ve got a future lined up as a
detective. Of course, it doesn’t actually pay as well as you would think…”
Haruka shook her head. “I’m good, I think.”
She followed Jun through the city, occasionally having to duck behind a corner or pretend to be
taking a selfie when he came close to spotting her. Her pursuit brought her to Hamakita Park, where
Jun approached the Tokyo Bay and leaned up against the railing.
“Stupid Kaito…” he muttered.
“Hey, Jun-kun,” she called out as she approached the railing and leaned against it with him. “You
alright?”
“The hell? Are you following me?”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. Kaito-san wanted to make sure you were okay. He’s on his way, too.”
Jun scoffed. “Whatever. I’m fine. I don’t need him. Look, Haruka, was it? I don’t know what the
hell your deal is, but this isn’t any of your concern. Just back off, okay?”
“You know… Kaito-san really cares about you,” Haruka said.
“Then how come he’s running out on us?”

“He just has something really important to take care of. You might not understand why he’s
involving himself in stuff like this, and that’s okay.” Haruka thought back to when Kiryu followed
Saejima to Kamurocho to help Yasuko, even though he didn’t have to. Back then, she was so angry
with him. It felt like he was abandoning her to go chase some Tojo Clan mystery. “Kaito-san told
me about what happened with your real father.”
Jun let out a shallow gasp, and tears started to form in his eyes. “Yeah? And?”
“And… I can relate. My biological father tried to murder me, when I was nine.” Jun’s eyes
widened, and he looked up at Haruka. “He killed my mom. Right in front of me. It was horrible.
After that… an ex-yakuza took me in as his own. Kazuma Kiryu.”
“The Tojo Clan’s Fourth Chairman?” Jun asked. “Kaito said he was legendary in the yakuza.”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. He was. Actually… Kaito-san sort of reminds me of him. His sense of
justice… his loyalty to the people he cares about… heh, even the way he fights seems like
somebody took all of Kiryu’s moves from when he was younger and just gave them to Kaito.”
“Is that so…?”
“Yeah. To me… Kazuma Kiryu was family. He was my father. More than my biological father ever
was. But… he wasn’t perfect. Nobody is. Looking back… it felt like I spent more time away from
him than I did with him. And I used to get really, really angry with him about it. …and now that
he’s gone… I’m realizing how little I appreciated the time I did have with him.”
Jun looked down at the water. “I’m sorry. That sounds rough. But why are you telling me this?”
“I dunno. I just thought it might help to know there’s someone else out there who knows what it’s
like.” Haruka looked up at the sky. “Kaito, and Kiryu… both of them are just trying to do the best
they can with the situations they’ve been dealt. Maybe Kaito shouldn’t have left you in the dark.
But… the darkness is what’s keeping you safe, for now. We’re dealing with something really
dangerous. I think he just doesn’t want you involved in it.”
Jun sighed. “Just like last time…”
“Hey, kid,” another male voice said from nearby. Jun and Haruka turned to see three yakuza
standing in front of them. “Are you the one from out of town that keeps going into businesses and
asking stupid-ass questions about some Tojo Clan reject?”
Jun sighed. “Look, I’m leaving soon, so you guys don’t have to worry about it.”
One of the yakuza looked at Haruka, then smirked. “Well hey there, hot stuff… what’re you doing
hanging around a loser like this?”
“Not interested,” Haruka scoffed. The yakuza grabbed her arm. “Ah!”
“Now that was rude, wasn’t it? I’m just asking a question…”
Jun glared at the yakuza, then shoved him. “Hey, asshole, you don’t treat women like that. Back the
fuck up!”
“Oh, you’re dead meat, kid!” The yakuza punched Jun, knocking him down.

“Ah!”
“Jun!” Haruka called out.
The three yakuza stood over Jun and prepared to lay a beat down on him. “Don’t mess with the
Ryuto Family, dumbass!” the leader yelled as he pulled out a switchblade
Jun, having had a phobia of knives, froze up. “A-ah!”
“Hey, assholes!” Somebody shouted. Kaito finally arrived, and saw the yakuza hassling Jun.
“Hands off of him!” he yelled as he ran towards them. The yakuza looked up at him, just in time to
see him jump up and drop kick the one that had punched Jun. He then stood back up and got ready
for a fight.
“Kaito?” Jun said, standing up as well.
“Hell yeah,” Kaito said, smirking. “Get behind me, Jun,” he ordered. “This won’t take long.” Jun
got behind Kaito and Haruka as they got ready to fight, and Kaito glared at the yakuza. “Don’t you
assholes have any honor? Grown men like you picking on a kid like that… It makes me sick. You
ain’t yakuza. You’re no better than bullies on the schoolyard. And I only know one way to deal
with bullies.”
The yakuza transformed into monstrous versions of themselves as the battle started. The leader had
two curved kukri blades which he waved around threateningly, drunk off of his own power. The
other two had been drinking, and each held a bottle of champagne in their right hands as they
danced drunkenly to some imaginary battle music.
“Ah, they’re still transforming…” Haruka muttered.
“Huh?” Kaito asked. “The hell are you talking about?”
Haruka shook her head. “It’s nothing. Let’s take them out.”
Since getting out of prison, Haruka had noticed a couple of things. Number one: she was definitely
going insane. There was something in the water in Ijincho, or something like that. Every enemy she
fought now transformed into a monster, like something out of a video game. Nanba and Saeko told
her that the same happened to Ichiban, and that it correlated with him acting more like a hero. That
brought her to the second point… She started to feel more like a hero herself. She felt like she
could do anything, and go up against anyone, as long as she had her friends with her.
With that, the abilities of herself and her friends also “leveled up”, so to speak, and she found
herself able to do things she couldn’t before in combat. Most of these things weren’t totally out of
the realm of possibility—perhaps all she needed to learn to fight like Kiryu or Ichiban was the
confidence that she could do so to begin with?
Then there were things like what she was about to do, a new attack she’d learned which she thought
was a bit too extreme to be something she could realistically do. She targeted the lead yakuza and
used her Kiwami move. Suddenly, she was on-stage at the Princess League again, a microphone in
hand as she sang for her captive audience of one.
ESSENCE OF GLOWSTICK FURY

“Are you ready? Go!
It’s your time to show
That you’re so much more than they could know…”
“Go get ‘em!” she ordered her most dedicated followers as the music blared behind her.
The yakuza looked around. To his left was Kaito. To his right stood an apparition of Haruka’s
memories, the Lifeline of Kamurocho himself, Shun Akiyama. Behind him, the ghostly figure of
Kazuma Kiryu, Fourth Chairman of the Tojo Clan. Each of them had a pair of glowsticks in their
hands.
“Spread your wings and… fly!!!!!” the three of them shouted dramatically as they began to wave
the glowsticks to the rhythm of the music, before directing their energy to the yakuza, hitting him
repeatedly with their improvised weapons, dealing a large amount of damage to him. All three of
them then hit him with one final synchronized downward swing, which sent the yakuza to the
ground.
“You guys are the best!” Haruka said cutely as she returned to the realm of reality.
…Haruka wasn’t entirely sure what she had actually done to the man, but whatever it was, it was a
powerful enough attack that she was able to knock him out in a single turn. Maybe the hero fantasy
is working to my advantage, she thought. After all, that sort of damage was not something she’d
have been able to do normally.
With their leader down, the other two yakuza suddenly became enraged, and focused all of the
attacks on Haruka. The first one approached her and shook his champagne, popping the cork and
spraying it all over her, getting her completely wet and giving her a cold.
“D-dammit…” she cursed as she shivered.
The second one simply pulled out a cell phone and called for help. Two more yakuza arrived to
back them up.
“Oh, this shit won’t do,” Kaito groaned. He switched into his Tank stance and grabbed one of the
new guys, spinning him over his head and throwing him at two of his allies, knocking all three of
them out. He looked at the remaining yakuza. “Call another friend. I dare you.” This scared the shit
out of the yakuza, and he fell onto the ground, begging for his life.
Smirking, Haruka took this opportunity to use a new technique she’d been dying to try, which she
called the Essence of Roadside Weapon—in effect, using her environment to her advantage in order
to pull off unique, if somewhat underhanded, “heat” moves just as her Uncle Kaz would have. In
this case, with the terrified yakuza on the ground, she decided to run at him and jump into the air,
doing a double side flip over him and coming down with her foot angled towards his face as if she
were about to stomp on it.
“N-no!” the man yelled. He trembled as one foot landed on one side of his face, and the other food
on the other side, with stomping power that would definitely have permanently scarred him if the
attack had landed. Haruka smiled sweetly at him and bent over, lightly tapping his cheek with an
open palm.

“Goodnight,” she said as he passed out. The situation was far too terrifying—he couldn’t handle it.
She stood up from him and smiled at Jun as Kaito delivered one last kick to the already barelyconscious leader of the bunch. “All under control,” she said.
Kaito picked the leader up and held him by his collar. “So, you still think picking on the innocent is
a good idea?”
“I- I… I’m so sorry, sir! Please don’t kill me!”
Kaito grinned at him. “Okay… I’ll spare ya this time.” He dropped the man and chuckled as he and
his allies quickly stood up and ran off. “But don’t let me catch you messing with civilians again, ya
hear?! …Hmph. Assholes.” He turned back to Jun. “You alright, Jun?”
Jun nodded. “Yeah… thank you… both of you.”
“You know, it took a lot of guts to stand up to them like that,” Haruka complimented. “When the
guy grabbed me like that, a lot of people would have looked the other way.”
Jun shook his head. “Not me. If somebody’s in danger like that, I can’t look the other way. But… I
froze up again. They could have really hurt you.”
“Huh? Again?”
Kaito sighed. “Kid’s got a phobia of blades. His piece of sh… Uh, his dad gave it to him.”
“That’s awful…”
Jun crossed his arms and looked away. “Yeah, well… he’s gone now, so… problem solved, I
guess.”
Kaito sighed and walked up to the railing, standing next to Jun. “Look… I’m sorry that I’m
worryin’ you and your mom. But I promise, I wouldn’t be running around the country like this if it
wasn’t for something that meant something. Thing is… Haruka-chan’s kid got snatched.”
Jun looked at Haruka. “Really?”
Kaito nodded. “Some real bad people have him. And she took the fall for me when the cops first
came for my ass. So… I gotta help her. It’s the right thing to do.”
“Yeah, of course.”
Kaito smiled at Jun and patted him on the back. “I’ll be back home soon. I promise. I’m not gonna
abandon my family like that.”
Jun’s eyes widened. “Your… family?!”
“Yeah. You and your mom. You guys’re my family now. …That’s not, uh, weird to say, is it?” He
got his answer when Jun gripped him tightly in a hug. “Ah! Uh, I guess not, then?”
Jun was crying. He sniffled and said, “No. You’re totally right. We are family. I’m sorry that I got
so pissed with you.”

“Hey, I get it. You’ve been through a lot. A lot more than any kid should ever have to go through. If
I were you, I’d have done the same. But it’ll all be over soon… I hope.”
Haruka walked over to Kaito’s side and whispered in his ear. “You should spend some time with
your son. I’ll meet you back at Survive.”
Kaito nodded. “Thanks, Haruka-chan.” As Haruka walked away, Kaito looked down at Jun. “Hey,
why don’t I show you around Ijincho? There’s a lot to see here.”
Jun broke the hug and nodded enthusiastically. “Yeah! Of course!”
Haruka smiled and sighed as she left Kaito and Jun. “Heh… You know, Kaito-san… you and Uncle
Kaz have a lot more in common than I ever would have thought.” She felt her bond with Kaito
grow stronger from the experience.
~Substory End~

Chapter 37: Level Grinding At Rock Bottom
The Sawamura Party (sans Kaito, who passed the time by singing Machine Gun Kiss at the karaoke
stand) sat around a table at Survive, staring glumly at the pile of coins and bills they had gathered.
“Man…” Haruka sighed, her arms crossed. All in all, it came to about ¥20,000… which, best case
scenario, was enough money to get one person to Osaka… and even then, with how high rail prices
had soared lately…
“We could take a cab,” Nanba suggested.
“All seven of us?” Saeko asked. “That would be one cramped-ass cab.”
“We’ve done it before. Besides, if we leave the kid…”
“I heard that,” Amasawa said, glaring at Nanba.
“A cab’s too slow anyway,” Haruka said, shaking her head. “We need to get to Osaka tonight. I
need to make sure Haruto is safe. I can’t rest until he is.”
“I mean… Ichiban is there…” Saeko reasoned. “He’s going to do whatever it takes to get Haruto
back home.”
Haruka glared at her. “Are you suggesting that I sit back and do nothing while my child is in
danger?!”
The party fell silent as tension started to grow, the only sound coming from Kaito’s karaoke
session.
Saeko stuttered. “W-what? No, that’s not what I…”
“What Saeko means,” Seonhee interrupted, “is that no matter how we get there, we’re not getting
there right away. Nobody is suggesting that you sit back. She’s just trying to put your mind at ease.
We know Ichiban well enough to know that Haruto will be safe, one way or the other.”
Realizing she was lashing out, Haruka sighed. “I’m sorry, Sa-chan…”
“No, it’s fine, totally fine,” Saeko said, excusing her. “Sorry… I know this is scary for you. But as
long as Ichiban’s down there, Haruto’s in good hands. It won’t do him any good if you kill yourself
with worry. If anyone can save him, Ichiban can.”
Nanba hummed. “Hmm… can…” Suddenly, he had an idea. “Can! Hey, guys. I think I know how
we can make some money!”
***
Haruka pedaled as fast as she could toward her goal, a small sectioned-off bit of road next to the
Sakura River two-story parking lot. Attached to her three-wheeled bike—a tricycle, she supposed,
though she thought those were for children—was a small cart, inside of which was an absolutely
massive pile of cans which she had collected for recycling. Upon reaching her goal, she squeezed

the brakes, coming to a stop perfectly in the center. She looked back at her haul, and grinned.
“That’s, what, two, three million yen back there?”
Nanba chuckled. “Damn… in the world of bums, you might be a serious threat.”
Haruka got off of the bike and approached Kan-san, the man she was recycling all of this for. “I’m
finished! That’s every can in the district. Believe me, I triple checked.”
Kan-san whistled. “Whew! That’s quite a haul you got there! Somebody’s got what it takes to
survive at rock bottom. Now then, let’s calculate your payout… now, normally, we work strictly on
a points-based system. You know how it is, taxes and all that, it’s just easier than working with fiat
currency. But, since this is your first time, and you did such a good job, I think we can work
something out for ya… call it a bonus.”
Haruka grinned at her allies as Kan-san counted out her cans. “Haruto, we’re coming,” she said to
herself.
“Alright… altogether, it comes out to about… this much.” Kan-san placed the money into her open
palm.
Haruka received ¥300!
Haruka stared blankly at the coins in her hand. “What.”
“Damn, you must’ve done really well!” Nanba exclaimed. “That’s twice what Ichiban got!”
“All of those cans… for a measly ¥300?!”
Kaito glared at Kan-san. “Hey, just what are you trying to pull on us, huh?! Do you see how many
fucking cans she got?”
Kan-san shrugged, unintimidated. “Like I said. The points are the better deal. You can trade them in
for cash, but personally, I’d get items instead. Goes farther than cash.”
Haruka glared at Kan-san… then noticed a silver plate sitting on a shelf behind him. “Say… how
many points does that cost?”
***
Haruka walked out of Benten Pawn, where she’d just pawned off a silver plate for ¥15,000,
bringing the party’s cash total to ¥35,300. Saeko raised an eyebrow at her. “So what’s the plan
now?” she asked.
Haruka hummed as she counted out the money. “Hm… this still isn’t enough.” She looked up at her
allies. “Is there a Chō-han parlor in Ijincho?”
Seonhee crossed her arms. “Hmm… Not quite… but there is an underground gambling hall up the
river, not far from here. They’ve probably got a setup for Chō-han.”
“Sorry, we’re gambling for the rest of the cash?” Higashi asked. “Is that a good idea?”
Haruka smirked. “It is when you’re with me.” She followed Seonhee, as did the rest of the party,
save for Kaito and Higashi. Kaito simply grinned at his friend.

“So, Haruka-chan’s into gambling? Never woulda thought.”
Higashi shook his head as he started after the rest of the group. “Ugh… I might be the only sane
one left in all of Kanto.”
***
The group climbed down the ladder which would lead them to a secret gambling spot at the mouth
of Ijincho’s sewers. The place reeked, but Haruka was focused on all of the money they’d make
here, so she didn’t care. On the edge of the platform, a Chinese man with long black hair, dark
sunglasses, and a scar over his left eye extending onto his cheek stood. He glared at Saeko,
Seonhee, and Nanba. “Hey! Who are all of these guys? I told you to stop bringing new people
down here that I haven’t met!”
“Don’t worry, Chau, they’re cool,” Nanba assured him. “They won’t cause any problems.”
“They’re not ‘cool’ unless I say they are!”
Nanba sighed. “That’s Chau Ka Long for ya…”
Haruka raised an eyebrow. “Chau Ka Long?” That name sounds familiar…
“Yeah. He hates new people. I swear, he’s so paranoid. It’s like he thinks someone’s out to get
him.”
Staring at Chau Ka Long, Haruka approached him and examined his face. “Huh?” Chau said. “You
got a problem?!”
“Chau Ka Long…” Haruka muttered. “You know… you look as familiar as your name sounds.”
She sighed and shook her head. “It doesn’t matter, I guess.”
“Come on, Haruka, we ain’t got time for this,” Kaito said.
“Coming!”
Chau’s eyes widened. “W-wait… Haruka? Haruka Sawamura?”
Haruka looked back at Chau. “Hmm? Yes? Do we… know each other?” Then, it hit her. She knew
this man.
This was Lau Ka Long, former leader of the Yokohama Snake Flower Triad. Once, a long time ago,
Lau was her captor. She’d heard he’d died back in 2009, but clearly, nobody who died that year
actually died. She glared at him and clenched her fists. “You…”
Lau shook his head. “No, I’m mistaken. We don’t know each other. I… I heard your name on the
news. That’s it. Run along, now.”
“Huh?” Haruka tilted her head but didn’t relax. “Wait… You’re… letting me go?”
“Y-yeah. Just… don’t cause any trouble, and we’re fine. And… Don’t tell anyone you know that
you saw me here.”
Haruka’s expression softened. “Wait… are you… hiding from somebody?”

Lau nodded. “You could say that. In a past life, I was… well, you probably know already. After a
brush with death, I decided to leave that life behind. But there are a lot of people who are probably
still after me. A certain legendary ex-yakuza included, if he’s even still alive. So if it’s all the same
to you… I’d like you to keep your mouth shut about this. Okay?”
Though the request was blunt, Haruka understood the reasoning. “Okay, Chau. Your secret is safe
with me. Hmph. Maybe you’re not such a bad guy after all.”
“I’ll decapitate you and put your head on a pike if you ever say anything like that again.”
Haruka smiled sweetly at him, unintimidated. “Well, I really must be going.” She turned to follow
her allies into the gambling hall, but Lau called out for her one last time.
“Oh, and Haruka… I hear you’re going up against the Saio Triad.” Haruka looked back at him.
“Honestly? Fuck those guys. Rip them a new asshole for me.”
Haruka laughed. “Will do, Chau.” She stepped into the gambling hall. Kashiwagi, Lau Ka Long… I
wonder if Uncle Rikiya’s still hanging around somewhere?
***
“It’ll be… even!” Haruka called out.
The dealer raised the cup covering the dice. Six and four. Even.
“Shit… nine in a row,” Kaito muttered in amazement. “Hey, maybe I should take you with me the
next time I hit the casino. Seems like you’re good luck.” The entire party sat around a small space
set aside for Chō-han, though Haruka was the only one making bets. Amasawa tagged along too,
against their advice, wearing a shitty disguise that included sunglasses, a flat cap, and a trenchcoat,
not that it was fooling anyone.
“Hey, should that kid be here?” one man asked.
“It’s Take Your Daughter to Work Day,” Haruka said nonchalantly.
“I’m 19…” Amasawa sighed. “Why do people treat me like I’m still a kid?”
Haruka chuckled. “Welcome to my world.” She was rather close to winning enough tags to
purchase two platinum plates, which she reckoned would put her total cash on-hand at just over
¥200,000, which would be enough to get her and her entire party to Sotenbori… and Amasawa,
who insisted on tagging along, firstly to help “solve the mystery”, but secondly as a representative
of Yokohama 99. And to think, the whole reason I came to Ijincho to begin with was because I
needed money. She looked up at the dealer. “One more round.”
The dealer nodded and pulled the dice back into the cup. He shook the cup, then placed it face
down on the floor. He looked up at Haruka, who stared intently at the cup.
“Odd,” she said without hesitation.
“Is that your final answer?”
Haruka nodded. “It’s odd.” Then, her eyes narrowed. “Why are you stalling?”

“Huh?”
“Odd. Lift the cup.”
He lifted the cup. Two and two. Even.
The party groaned. “Agh, so close,” Nanba said. “Let’s go another, we can make that back.”
“Let me see the dice,” Haruka said. She reached out for them, but the dealer placed a hand over
them.
“Hands off the dice,” he said.
Haruka glared at him. “Let me see the dice,” she repeated.
“Haruka-chan, you’re sort of being a sore loser…” Kaito chuckled. “Come on, you heard the guy at
the entrance. Don’t cause problems.”
Amasawa put a finger to her chin. “Why doesn’t he want us to examine the dice? Haruka, I think
he’s hiding something.”
“Let me see the dice!” Haruka repeated once more as he forced the dealer’s hands off of them,
causing them to roll across the floor. They landed on five and two. Odd. But then… a small device
extended from the side of one die, flipping it over to three and making the dice even.
Kaito’s eyes widened, and he glared at the dealer. “Hey, what the fuck…? It’s a trick die!”
“Leave this place at once,” the dealer ordered, standing up. Haruka stood up as well.
“Not until we get the tags we rightfully won,” she replied.
“Guards! A degenerate gambler is getting rowdy!”
Haruka groaned and turned around to see a group of guards approaching the party, who got ready
for combat. “This is familiar,” she grumbled as her enemies transformed.
Kaito, Nanba, and Saeko backed up Haruka while Seonhee and Higashi both retreated with
Amasawa so as to keep her out of harm’s way. The battle itself did not take long at all. For as much
as the den’s guards put up a threatening facade, a facade is all it was; it was clear that they
functioned mostly as deterrence and were not prepared to deal with a group of degenerates who
actually knew how to fight, and after dealing with five enemies, Haruka landed the finishing blow
on the sixth with a high kick to the chest. She effortlessly retained her footing, then smiled and
stood up straight, adopting a dignified posture as she turned around to face the dealer, who
stumbled onto the ground and backed up from her.
“My tags, please,” she requested.
“Y-yes! At once!” the dealer complied, shaking as he handed her every tag she’d earned, and then
some.
“Thank you,” she said sweetly as she approached the makeshift prize counter that had been
constructed out of old sheet metal, lumber from old chairs, nails pulled out of furniture, basically

anything they could get their hands on. She purchased enough commemorative plates to net her the
money she needed, and started on her way, before the vendor stopped her.
“Hey… are you Haruka Sawamura?” he asked.
Haruka turned to him. “Who’s asking?”
“Some other lady with a party of her own was in here gambling earlier. They won millions of yen
in plates.”
Haruka gasped. “Seriously?!”
“Yeah. And she told me she thought you might be in here sooner or later.”
“Huh?”
The prize vendor handed her a note. “She told me that if I saw you, I was supposed to give you
this.”
Haruka looked down at the note. Haruka Sawamura, it read.
We’ve been monitoring your progress. You’ve come a long way. I have as well.
You have a perilous journey ahead of you, one which I am sure you will come out of the other side
stronger than you could ever imagine. You must. And when you do, one final challenge awaits you.
I await the day when our paths shall cross again, and we can dance as adversaries across the
sands of a long-forgotten kingdom. On my warrior’s honor… I shall emerge victorious.
Do not falter in your journey, for it is I who will be your end.
-The Forgotten Warrior
“Ooh, ominous,” Saeko said in reaction to the letter. “Who do you think left this?”
“No idea…” Haruka muttered. The Forgotten Warrior, she thought. Who could that be? She shook
the thought off. That could wait. Right now, she had a trip to finance.
***
The group pawned off every plate Haruka purchased, which brought them to a grand total of
¥235,300—enough for the trip, with some left over. With that out of the way, they decided to head
to the Seiryu Clan’s headquarters in the Red Light District to meet with Sawashiro and Ebina.
Amasawa stayed behind, waiting for them at Yokohama 99’s offices. Haruka wasn’t particularly
excited to see Ebina again, which was evident on her face as they approached the yakuza hideout.
“Hey, Haruka,” Saeko said, snapping her out of her thoughts. “You alright?”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. But, if I’m being honest… I don’t trust Ebina or Sawashiro. I feel like
we’re walking into a trap.”
“Well, that’s what you have us for!” Nanba assured her, grinning as he itched his nose with his
index finger. Haruka could swear she saw a spark of electricity emanate from his finger as he did

so. “If the Seiryu Clan tries anything… we have your back.”
“Not to mention, with the traitors rooted out of the Liumang, you have the rest of Ijincho by your
side as well,” Seonhee pointed out.
“And I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t looking forward to caving Sawashiro’s face in anyway,” Kaito
chuckled. Higashi nodded in agreement.
“Everything’s going to be fine, Haruka,” he assured her.
Haruka nodded at her friends. “Right. And anyway… we need to put our differences with the
Seiryu Clan aside. For now, anyway. Haruto’s counting on us.” Taking a deep breath, she
approached the doors, and buzzed the security office.
“Who is it?”
“Haruka Sawamura,” she answered. “Your captain is expecting me.” There was a pause. Then, the
door buzzed, allowing the party in. “Well…” she chuckled. “Here goes nothing.” They stepped
inside, and were greeted by waves of yakuza, all lined up from the door to the stairway, where
Sawashiro and Ebina were waiting.
“Haruka Sawamura,” Ebina greeted, smiling. “We’ve been expecting you.”
“Tch,” Haruka growled as she glared at Ebina. She looked up at Sawashiro, who simply nodded at
her, then leaned in to whisper to Ebina.
“Not sure if you’re aware, but she hates your guts,” he commented.
“If I were her, I’d despise the yakuza, too,” Ebina said coldly, almost as if he were speaking from
experience. “But that look she’s giving me… She has murder on her mind.” He smirked. “That’s
exactly what we need.”
“Excuse me, sir?” Sawashiro asked.
“Haruka,” Ebina called out, ignoring Sawashiro. “I understand your apprehension. And I thank you
for coming despite that. I assure you… we are on the same side of this conflict. We have a mutual
enemy, as you already know. And until that enemy is defeated, it would be best if we let go of our
hatred for each other, and stand united.” He held his hand out, beckoning the party to come closer.
“Ally with the Seiryu Clan, and together, we can defeat Akira Mabuchi and the Saio Triad.”
Haruka’s glare was unwavering. “Did the Seiryu Clan kill Yuta Usami?” she asked.
“We did not,” Ebina answered without hesitation. “In fact, his encounter with the Seiryu Clan was
rather brief, and he remained in Tokyo for days afterwards. He may have been murdered. I’m not
sure. Actually… After you mentioned it, I did some research of my own. And in the hours before
he fell ill, he only had contact with one other individual.”
Haruka raised an eyebrow. “And that would be?”
Ebina smirked. “You already know who it is. The man you should be interrogating… is Goro
Majima,” he announced. “And it seems you’re in luck… because he was spotted in Sotenbori by
one of our informants only days ago.” Haruka gasped softly, which caused Ebina’s smile to widen.
“I’m sure you want to know more. Come upstairs, and we will tell you everything we know.”

Haruka took an apprehensive step back, but felt a hand grab hers. She turned to look at Saeko, who
smiled softly at her and nodded reassuringly.
“Come on. We’ve got your back,” she said.
Nanba, Seonhee, Kaito, and Higashi all stood by her side as well, reminding her once more that she
wasn’t alone. Haruka steeled her nerves and took a step forward. As she walked towards the stairs,
the most unusual thing occurred.
The yakuza surrounding the party bowed.

Chapter 38: Start of Denial
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Kiryu and Taichi approached the old Omi Alliance headquarters. As he expected, the place was
abandoned. Worse than abandoned, even; it had fallen into a state of absolute despair since the
Great Dissolution. The evening of was one of chaos and violence, and the building bore the scars
from that night still. Windows were broken. Doors were kicked in. It looked like the place had been
looted.
But, if there was any place where Akame would hide her base of operations, it’d be an unassuming
location such as this. “Well…” Kiryu chuckled. “Here goes nothing. Are you ready, Taichi?”
Taichi nodded. “Yeah. Let’s see what this place is hiding.”
***
Haruka sat across from Ebina and Sawashiro in the office of the Seiryu Clan’s Chairman. She
glanced at the empty seat behind the desk at the end of the room and raised an eyebrow. “Where is
the Chairman?” she asked.
“Preoccupied,” Ebina responded rather vaguely. “I am taking care of business in his absence.”
“Tch. Does he know he’s left a murderer in charge?”
“He doesn’t and he can’t,” Sawashiro responded, though Ebina held a hand up to shut him up.
“I understand that you find it difficult to trust me, given our… past disagreements,” Ebina
conceded.
“That’s putting it lightly,” Saeko scoffed.
Ebina hummed softly and looked down at the floor. “Hmph. I suppose this is my own fault. Take
solace, at least, in the fact that we have the same goals right now. Whether or not you trust me, or
believe my motives are genuine, you have to know that to stab you in the back now would be to
undermine my own objectives. The yakuza is a business, at the end of the day, and it would be
stupid of me to jeopardize any aspect of that business out of pettiness. If there’s anything I’m not,
it’s stupid.”
“Fine,” Haruka conceded. He was right, after all; the Saio Triad taking control of Kamurocho was
bad for business, and while it remained to be seen how much of a snake in the grass he truly was, as
long as the Seiryu Clan itself had an interest in Kamurocho, she supposed that technically he was
on the same side of the battle that she was.
But that didn’t mean she had to like it. “So, get to the point, Ebina,” she said coldly. “Sawashiro
said you had informants out west who could help us.”
Ebina nodded, and handed her a photo. It was of a young woman with dyed red hair in a red zip-up
jacket and a floral-patterned t-shirt underneath.

“Damn, she’s easy on the eyes,” Seonhee chuckled. She responded to the look she got from Haruka
with “What? You’re not the only one who likes looking at pretty women.”
“S-shut up…” Haruka mumbled, blushing slightly.
“You’re bi, Haruka?” Saeko asked. “I never would have guessed. …What’s that look for?” Ebina
cleared his throat, snapping the group out of their discussion.
“Sorry,” Haruka apologized, though her face was still slightly red. “Continue.”
“This is Akame, our source of information in Osaka,” Ebina explained. “If you don’t trust us, trust
her. She doesn’t work for the Seiryu Clan, we merely contract her services. She runs the Akame
Network, an information-slash-homeless support network.”
“Tak’s been looking for her, too,” Kaito pointed out. “She seems to have given him the slip,
though.”
Ebina nodded. “Despite her philanthropic ways, she’s a bit of a recluse. However, we’ve been in
touch with her over the last several months. We can arrange a meeting once you’re in town.”
“Say, aniki,” Higashi said, “didn’t Joryu work for the Akame Network?”
Kaito nodded. “Yeah. I think he did.”
Haruka examined the photo, then pocketed it. “Okay. And Goro Majima… you said he was spotted
in Sotenbori as well?”
Sawashiro nodded. “A man resembling him was spotted in Ashitaba Park, on the south side of
town. If anyone knows what happened to your husband, it’s him.”
“What I don’t understand is, what could he tell us now that he couldn’t tell Haruka two years ago?”
Saeko asked.
“I haven’t spoken to Goro Majima since Uncle Kaz’s Tojo Clan memorial service,” Haruka said
quietly.
Saeko raised an eyebrow. “Huh? But I thought—?”
“Only Daigo and Saejima visited Yuta when he was in his coma, and only they showed up to the
funeral,” Haruka explained. “Majima never came out.”
“A bit suspect, don’t you think?” Ebina asked. “It’s almost as if… he was afraid to face you.”
Haruka nodded. “Perhaps,” she conceded. “If what you’re implying is that he had something to do
with his death, though, then you don’t know Goro Majima. Even so… I have a lot of questions for
him.”
Ebina nodded back. “Of course. And when you get down there, hopefully you’ll be able to find
him, so you can get the answers you seek. Still… he is a wildcard. I wouldn’t rule anything out just
yet. Perhaps... the Mad Dog needs to be put down.” Haruka glared at Ebina as soon as the words
left his mouth. "I'm only joking, of course."
"It's a good thing you never went into comedy," she retorted.

Kaito groaned. “Aw, man… That Majima guy used to scare the shit out of me.”
“You’ve met?” Haruka asked, to which Kaito shook his head.
“Nah. Only heard stories when I was in the Tojo Clan. All I know is that he’s not right in the head.”
“I think... it's all a facade,” Haruka said softly. “To keep himself from being hurt.”
“If you say so,” Kaito chuckled.
Ebina stood up, handing Haruka a card. “Now then… I believe you have a train to catch. This is my
number. Contact me as soon as you get there. Oh, and don’t worry about running into any police
checkpoints on your way west. According to police reports, you and Masaharu Kaito were spotted
at Shinjuku Station thirty minutes ago. They’ll be looking in the wrong place.”
Haruka raised her eyebrows. “Huh? How did you manage that?”
“Actually, it wasn’t our doing,” Ebina admitted. “But you and Kaito-san were both spotted on the
station platform in security footage. Take a look.” He pulled his phone out and faced it towards
Haruka, where, sure enough, she saw two figures that appeared to be her and Kaito, exiting a train
car and stepping onto the platform. Both were wearing face masks, and Kaito’s doppelgänger wore
a flat cap over his head.
“That’s not us,” Haruka said, puzzled.
“I think I might have some idea who the man is, though,” Kaito said, smirking. “Damn, Kuwana…
you’re really looking out for me after everything that happened? Heh. You must be real grateful
that me and Tak let you get away. Don’t get too comfortable, though. We’ll nail you one day.”
“Kaito-san, what’s going on?” Haruka asked.
“What’s going on is you’ve got friends in high places that you haven’t even met,” Kaito chuckled.
“Kuwana, Tanimura, that guy in the wheelchair…”
Sawashiro perked up at what was now the second mention of Haruka Sawamura’s mysterious,
wheelchair-bound benefactor. “You keep mentioning a handicapped benefactor,” he said. “Tell me
about him.”
Kaito shrugged. “There ain’t much to tell. Guy just approached me in Kamurocho, gave me some
keys to a jail cell, and I was on my way. Don’t even know his name.”
Sawashiro’s face fell somewhat, and he nodded. “I see.”
“Why? You think you might know him?”
Sawashiro shook his head slowly. “No. Just wishful thinking, is all.”
“I know that feeling all too well, Sawashiro-san,” Haruka replied. She studied his face intently.
While she still did not trust either of the men in front of her, she could tell that the pain in
Sawashiro’s eyes, hidden behind a cold and calculated facade, was genuine. “You said that you lost
a child, right?” she asked softly. Sawashiro’s eyes widened, and he looked up at Haruka. “How old
would they be today?”

Sawashiro stared at her, then looked back down at the floor. “December 31st is… would be his 46th
birthday,” he said.
“That’s really why you’re helping me… isn’t it?” Haruka realized. “You couldn’t save your child,
so you want to help me save mine.”
“I’m doing this for Masumi Arakawa’s dream,” Sawashiro said, regaining his composure. He left it
at that; neither a confirmation, nor a denial. Whatever the case, as a parent, Haruka suddenly felt
she understood and could trust his motives a little more. Ebina, on the other hand…
The man in question held his hand out. “Well, Haruka?” he said. “Can we count on you?”
Haruka stared at Ebina’s outstretched hand. Instead of shaking it, she walked past him and held her
hand out to Sawashiro. He slowly looked up at her, puzzled. She had a serious look on her face,
though she was no longer glaring. She said nothing, but the message was clear; it was a symbol of
respect, from one parent to another.
“This will all be over before December 31st,” she promised him. “That’s a day that you should be
spending away from work. I’ll make sure that you can.”
Slowly, Sawashiro gripped Haruka’s hand and shook it. “Get your boy home safely,” he muttered.
“That’s your number one priority.”
Haruka nodded. “I will. Thank you, Sawashiro-san.” She glanced at Ebina, and stepped away.
“We’ll be going, now.”
Ebina was fuming at the disrespectful gesture, but he tried not to let it show. “Call us when you get
to Sotenbori. We’ll set up your meeting with Akame.”
Haruka nodded, then turned to her party. “Let’s go.” She stepped out, and they followed.
Once they were gone, Ebina growled, then yelled out and threw a glass across the room, shattering
it and causing Sawashiro to flinch. “Bitch!” he yelled. “Does she think I’m a fucking joke?!”
“I don’t think any yakuza frighten her,” Sawashiro said. “And why would they? None of them have
been able to stop her yet. She’s been facing down guys like us nearly her entire life. Face it, Ebina.
We’re all jokes in her eyes.”
“Daddy’s not here to protect her anymore. She should watch her fucking step.”
“A dragon doesn’t need to watch their step,” Sawashiro countered. “Because when a dragon walks,
those with the will to live clear the way.”
Ebina scoffed. “A dragon, he calls her… She’s just some brat with a death wish.”
“And yet, it was us who requested an audience with her. If she’s just some brat, what does that say
about us?”
Ebina shook his head. He really did not understand the way these older yakuza thought…
***

Kiryu and Taichi stepped through the remains of what once was the Omi Alliance HQ. The
building wasn’t quite as abandoned as Kiryu thought it would be; a few of Osaka’s homeless
seemed to have taken up residence in its halls. “At least the building isn’t going to waste,” Kiryu
mused as they walked past some homeless, who looked up at them in curiosity and fear. “This place
used to be an architectural marvel… although, admittedly, any time I was here, some architecture
ended up broken.”
“Did you come here often?” Taichi asked, to which Kiryu shook his head.
“No. When I was in the yakuza, setting foot in rival territory like this was a death wish, and
afterwards, as a civilian, I had very few reasons to be here… Although, there were still reasons,” he
added as he thought back to his audience with then-Chairman Jin Goda and the ensuing fight with
his adopted son Ryuji. “I was last here in 2019. I was a part of Watase’s security detail during the
Great Dissolution. A huge fight broke out afterwards; much of the damage you see today occurred
that day.” He thought back to his destructive fight with Shishido, who with the Kijin Clan patriarch
Homare Nishitani III and several other Omi Alliance loyalists attempted a coup to prevent the
dissolution.
It wasn’t all bad, however. “That was the day I met Kasuga,” he added. “Heh. He brought a team of
seven to the event. Could you see me doing that?”
“A one-man army like you?” Taichi asked. “No way.”
“But… in the end, it was his companions that gave him his strength. Koichi Adachi, Yu Nanba, and
Saeko Mukoda especially. Zhao and Joongi Han were career criminals. They knew the score. But
those three… they were just a few ordinary civilians with no obligations. None of them swore any
oaths. They had no stake in the dissolution. They were just friends that Kasuga met along the way.
And I think that is the strongest bond there is. Allegiances born out of friendship, rather than out of
oaths of subservience or coercion. I’m almost envious of him.”
“Uh, Kasuga told me that you kicked his ass when you met, though,” Taichi responded, tilting his
head, to which Kiryu could only chuckle.
“Hehe. We didn’t get off on the right foot, that’s for sure.” Kiryu frowned as he recalled the
circumstances. “It’s just… He reminded me of somebody I knew once, a long time ago. Nishiki…”
Akira Nishikiyama’s face flashed in his mind; first, from when they were both young and dumb, in
1988. “For better,” he said as he then remembered what Nishiki looked like when he last saw him,
17 years later. He was bitter. Angry. Hateful. And at the time, when Kiryu had just stopped Kasuga
from murdering a defenseless man, that was all he could see. “…and for worse. But… as similar as
they are, Kasuga has one thing that Nishiki didn’t.”
“His friends,” Taichi realized.
“Right,” Kiryu confirmed. “I couldn’t be there for Nishiki when he needed me the most. Kasuga’s
friends helped him through the hardest times of his life, and that has made all of the difference.
Makes me wonder what would have happened if…” Suddenly, Kiryu’s phone rang, interrupting his
thoughts. He looked down at his phone, then at Taichi. “It’s Kasuga,” he said, before answering the
call. “Kasuga,” he greeted. “Have you found a way onto The Castle?”
“Yeah, Sugiura’s contact was able to hook us up,” Kasuga confirmed. He sounded like he was
eating something. “We’re waiting at the taxi stand on the eastern side of Sotenbori Street. Any luck
at the Omi HQ?”

“Nope,” Kiryu answered. As he spoke, some of the homeless started to stand up and approach him
and Taichi; Taichi noticed, but Kiryu did not. “The place is abandoned. We’re going to check
upstairs, and then we’ll meet you at the taxi stand. By the way… are you eating something?”
“Uh, Uncle Kaz…” Taichi said nervously.
“Yeah, we stopped at this really good takoyaki stand,” Kasuga explained. “Oh man, this is good.
Mm. Some old lady in leopard print told us about it.”
Kiryu paused. “Is… she there now?”
“Yeah, she’s right here,” Kasuga confirmed. “Why? You wanna talk to her? ‘Cause… she kinda
wants to talk to you.”
Kiryu sighed and shook his head. It was at this point that Taichi tapped on his shoulder, causing
him to notice the homeless that had surrounded him. “Oh, thank god,” he muttered.
“What was that, Kiryu-san?”
“I’ll call you back, Kasuga. I might be a minute. Tell your ‘friend’ not to wait for me.”
“Uh, sure thing.”
Kiryu hung up, and turned to the homeless surrounding him. “Can we help you all?”
“What business have you got upstairs?” the leader, a man holding a pipe, asked.
“We’re just checking for a friend of ours,” Kiryu answered.
“Your friend ain’t here. Beat it.”
This caused Kiryu to think that their friend was, in fact, here. “We’ll only be a moment,” he assured
the man.
“It’ll be your last moment if you take another step forward!” the man with the pipe threatened.
Sighing, Kiryu got into a fighting stance, as did Taichi. “I’m getting tired of this… But in this case,
the longer we take here, the better. I'm... not in any hurry to meet Kasuga's new 'friend'.”
Meanwhile, back at the takoyaki stand, Kasuga turned to his new acquaintance, an elderly woman
in garish leopard print with dyed purple hair, cut very short. “Sorry, Etsuko-san,” he apologized.
“He’s a little… tied up with something. How do you know him, anyway?”
Etsuko simply smiled. “Why, he’s an old flame of mine. He’s a real stallion, I’ll tell ya what!”
“W-… what?!” Damn, Kiryu-san… what the hell do you get up to in your free time?!

Chapter End Notes

7/4/24: I’ve added this work to the Judge Eyes category due to the increasing number of
characters from JE/LJ as well as Takayuki Yagami’s introduction a few chapters back. The
focus has not changed however and this is still largely a Yakuza/Like A Dragon story.

Chapter 39: appassionato di rovina
“Our next stop is: Nagoya Station. This line terminates at: Shin-Osaka.”
Nagoya. Then Kyoto. Then Shin-Osaka. Just three stops to go, Haruka thought to herself as she sat
tensely in her seat aboard the Tokaido Shinkansen. The party had boarded Nozomi , the fastest train
the line had to offer, running directly between Tokyo and Osaka with very few stops in between.
Those few stops, however, were hell; Haruka found herself filled with anxiety any time the train
came to a halt for any reason. She had to get to Osaka before—
“Hey,” she suddenly heard a soft voice across from her, snapping her out of her thoughts. She
looked up and saw that Saeko had returned to the seat with two bentos. “You alright? You look
tense. Dumb question, I know, but… I just wanna make sure you’re okay.”
Haruka sighed. “I’m just… so worried,” she muttered as Saeko placed a bento in front of her.
“Huh?”
“I bought some things at the last stop,” Saeko explained. “I haven’t seen you eat anything in a
while. You must be starving.”
“I guess I should be, but… not really. I can’t even think about food right now. I’m—.”
“Eat,” Saeko ordered. “Come on. It won’t do Haruto any good if you collapse from hunger as soon
as we get there. Besides… We’re gonna be on this train for a minute. You might as well do
something other than sit and worry.”
Haruka looked around at the train car, which was rather empty aside from her group. Amasawa was
going over notes she had collected about the case, under the watchful eye of Seonhee. “How far,
exactly, does Geomijul’s surveillance network extend?” Amasawa asked. “How many agents do
you have? Is your group behind any cold case murders?”
“I could tell you all of those things, but then I’d have to kill you,” Seonhee joked.
“Damn…” Amasawa cursed. “That’s the oldest one in the book. How did I not see it coming?”
Across the aisle, Kaito and Nanba were engaged in a rather intense arm wrestling match. Kaito,
who didn’t seem to be breaking much of a sweat, suddenly slammed Nanba’s arm onto the table,
winning the match. “Agh! Fuck…” Nanba groaned.
“Who’s next?” Kaito said cockily, a grin creeping up his face.
Separate from everyone else, Higashi was… reading, rather unexpectedly. Hmm… he might be the
quietest yakuza I’ve ever met… Haruka thought to herself. She returned her attention to the bento in
front of her, then, sighing, opened it and recited a quick prayer before beginning to eat. “Thanks,
Sa-chan,” she muttered, her mouth slightly full.
“Everything’s going to be fine,” Saeko assured her. “I promise.”
Haruka nodded and swallowed her food. “I know they will be. I’ll make sure of it. I just hope
things won’t be completely chaotic once we get there…”

***
Kiryu grappled one of the homeless men attacking him and Taichi from behind and put him into a
chokehold. Taichi grabbed one of his own attackers and threw him across the room, then ran
towards Kiryu, who let go of the man in his grip and sent him towards Taichi; Taichi then body
slammed the guy and brought him down to the ground, taking him out of the fight. He stood up, but
was attacked from behind by another man, who broke a bottle over his head, stunning him; the man
then pushed him to the ground. “Agh!” Taichi yelled out as he looked up at his assailant. Glaring
defiantly, he locked his legs around his attacker’s ankles and pulled them towards him, causing the
man to fall as well. He then rolled over so he wound up on top of the man and punched him in the
face, knocking him out. He stood up just in time to almost dodge a man with a knife, who cut his
arm, causing him to bleed and ruining his sleeve. “Ah!” he groaned, gripping his arm.
He opened his hand and looked into his palm. The bleeding wasn’t too bad… but his suit, like two
others before it, was ruined. “I’m gonna run out of good suits soon…”
“Welcome to my world,” Kiryu quipped as he switched into his Beast stance and threw a wideranging right hook and an equally wide left hook, both of which sent multiple enemies flying,
followed by a charged haymaker into the leader’s face. He then grabbed a nearby plant and
smashed it over another unfortunate soul’s head. “In my younger days, I’d go through more suits in
a month than most men do in their entire lives. My wardrobe budget was absurd.”
Taichi looked around at all of the unconscious men around them. “You think Akame’s here?”
“She must be,” Kiryu reasoned. “Why else would these men have been so protective of the area?”
“Because it’s the only place they have to go,” a third voice said behind them. Kiryu turned around
and groaned.
Takayuki Yagami had followed them.
“You,” Kiryu growled. “Didn’t I tell you to stay out of our business?”
“Did you say that?” Yagami asked, knowing full well he did. “I must have spaced out when you
said that. I’ve got a bad habit of that, you know.”
“Wait… what do you mean, this is the only place they have to go?” Taichi asked.
“Can’t you see?” Yagami replied. “They’re squatters. According to local ordinances, if they occupy
this building long enough without getting kicked out by the owners, the prefectural government
will consider the place abandoned, and the squatters will become the new owners. They attacked
you because they thought you were here to kick them out.”
Kiryu’s eyes widened, and turned to the homeless leader, who was still on the ground, clutching his
gut in pain. “Is that true?”
The leader nodded. “Yeah. You’re yakuza, ain’t ya? We thought you guys were with the Omi
Alliance, here to take the place back.”
“Ah…” Kiryu stammered. “N-no… we’re not yakuza.”

“Sheesh… that’s embarrassing,” Taichi mumbled, scratching the back of his neck. “We’re really
sorry about that. We’re not here to kick you guys out. We’re really just looking for a friend of ours.
Honest.”
The homeless leader looked back at Kiryu and narrowed his eyes. “Hang on… I know you…” he
said. “Joryu-han?”
“Hmm? Ah, I see…” Kiryu realized. “You must be one of the gentlemen I worked with three years
ago.”
The man smiled and stood up. “Heh, ‘worked with’ makes it sound like I did something. Nah. You
saved my ass.”
Yagami eyed Kiryu. “Is this true?”
Kiryu nodded. “I suppose it is. Three years ago, I worked for the Akame Network. Part of that
meant I did whatever I could to protect Sotenbori’s homeless community from outside threats. I
was a bodyguard for hire, essentially.”
Yagami raised an eyebrow. “Wait… but if you worked for Akame, why are you waltzing around
town like you don’t know where she is?”
“Because I don’t know where she is,” Kiryu sighed. “I haven’t seen her in over three years.”
“And here I thought the Daidoji Faction had her on their payroll…” Yagami groaned. “Guess that
means I’ve been looking for the wrong people.”
“Yup,” Kiryu confirmed, nodding. “Come on, Taichi, let’s go,” he ordered as he walked past
Yagami towards the exit.
“Huh? Hey, hold on a second!” Yagami called out after him. “I might not have found Akame, but
I’ve got a Daidoji Faction agent right in front of me! So tell me what you know about Haruka
Sawamura!”
Kiryu sighed. “You’re chasing all the wrong leads,” he muttered.
“Huh?”
Kiryu turned around to face Yagami. “Listen… I don’t know what this ‘Daidoji Faction’ thing you
keep talking about is,” he lied, “but I’m just as much in the dark about the case against Haruka
Sawamura and your friends as you are. If you really want to help her, I’d start using that lawyer’s
badge of yours, or else find a lawyer who’s a bit smarter than you are.”
“The Daidoji Faction has cameras up in at least two places in Okinawa and Tokyo, spying on
Haruka and her family at Morning Glory,” Yagami countered, letting the knock at his intelligence
slide—for now. “Not only that, but the organization was wiring her money until recently. Don’t
bother trying to lie about that. I was the one that traced the source of the money. My question is,
why? What is your interest in her?”
Kiryu stepped closer to Yagami, towering over him as he stared him down. His expression was
mostly unreadable, save for a slight hint of annoyance at the detective’s incessant questioning.
Yagami, however, didn’t waver. “You’re a little too nosy for your own good,” Kiryu growled.

“So I’ve been told,” Yagami responded. “When people are in trouble, though, I can’t help it. No
matter what it is, no matter how dangerous the circumstance, no matter how big the assholes trying
to stop me… I’m going to see to it that justice is served.”
The stare-down continued for a tense moment longer. “I understand where you’re coming from,”
Kiryu conceded, sighing. “But you can’t be involved. Just… go back to Tokyo. Get a defense ready.
It’s a better use of your time.” He turned to Taichi and nodded. “Let’s go.” He turned around and
again started walking toward the exit.
“You said before that you think we might be on the same side,” Yagami added. “And you know
what? I’m inclined to believe you. If you can’t tell me everything, fine. But give me something. I
want to help.”
“Like I said. If you really want to help, get the resources together for Haruka Sawamura’s defense.”
Kiryu and Taichi exited the building before Yagami could protest any further. “Man… that guy’s an
unstoppable force,” he groaned. He turned to the homeless men behind him. “Sorry for the
disturbance. I’m going now.” He then headed for the exit, but was stopped by the homeless leader.
“Joryu’s a good guy,” he said. “Really. If you’re on the side of justice, then he’s not your enemy.”
“He sure isn’t acting like a friend either, though,” Yagami complained. “But… It's clear pursuing
him is just another dead end, at least for now. Hmm…”
***
Yagami made his way back into Sotenbori and sat in the corner of a Smile Burger that he had sort
of adopted as his base of operations, in the sense that he kept coming back here and nobody had
kicked him out yet despite the fact that he only ever ordered a small soda. He crossed his arms as
he poured over the details of the case, and his face wrinkled in frustration as he realized he was still
no closer to figuring out just what the hell was going on.
Haruka Sawamura was arrested for murdering the Seiryu Clan’s captain. This happened on the
same day she asked Kaito to investigate the Daidoji Faction. At the same time, despite not being
anywhere near the murder scene, myself, Higashi, Sugiura, and Tsukumo were all implicated as coconspirators, as was Ichiban Kasuga, a former Tojo Clan grunt who just served his own stint in
prison for a similar crime. Before taking the bar exam, Yagami recalled researching the Ichiban
Kasuga murder case. It flew a little under the radar, being that it seemed to be a classic and
unsurprising case of yakuza-on-yakuza violence, but as he looked into the details of the case, he
realized that almost nothing about it made any sense, just as Haruka Sawamura’s supposed murder
of a yakuza boss itself makes very little sense.
But he knew from experience that sometimes, the police weren’t interested in justice, and the
Tokyo PD in particular has made more than one arrest in the past for the sake of closing a case
rather than to see justice done. All one had to do to verify this was ask Shinpei Okubo, who was
wrongly accused of two murders, or Akihiro Ehara, who nearly got away with one he did commit,
in both cases because prosecutors in Tokyo drew their conclusions before all of the evidence was
available to them.
Yagami’s initial thought was that the Daidoji Faction, which from everything he gathered was a
secret government organization dedicated to safeguarding the nation’s secrets, was pulling the

strings behind the scenes. Perhaps Haruka had learned something she shouldn’t have, and the
Daidoji were behind her arrest.
But if Joryu is to be believed, the Daidoji Faction’s interest in Haruka is altruistic, and is actually
wholly unrelated to the Seiryu Clan murder, Yagami thought. Of course, he still didn’t know yet
whether or not Joryu was somebody he could trust. With that being said… Kaito did say he thinks
Joryu and Kasuga are working together. I might need to track down Kasuga and Sugiura and figure
out what the deal is with that.
Sighing, he stood up and exited the restaurant. There had to be something here he was missing.
Something that—
“Ah!” he yelled out as he, in his carelessness, bumped into a group of men walking past the
building. “Shit, sorry,” he apologized.
The men turned to glare at Yagami. In the middle stood a large man in a white suit with a leopard
print shirt and black hair, parted to one side. “You really should watch where you’re going,” he
growled.
“Yeah, that was my bad,” Yagami apologized again. This guy looks like yakuza, he thought,
internally groaning at the prospect of a shakedown attempt. “Well, I really need to go.” He turned
to walk away.
“Tch. Moron…” the large man grumbled. One of the other men in his group said something to him
in Chinese, but the large man shook his head. “Let him go,” he responded in Japanese. “We have
more important business to attend to. A scout spotted that idiot Ichiban Kasuga in town.”
Yagami froze. Did he just say…
“Come on. Let’s go,” the large man ordered his followers. His followers nodded and continued
walking, but the man raised an eyebrow at Yagami, who hadn’t yet left. “What are you still doing
here? Shouldn’t you be going?”
Without turning around, Yagami nodded. “Y-yeah. Yeah, I think I should go.”
The large man smirked. “Actually… hold on a second.”
“Dammit…” Yagami cursed under his breath as the man approached him.
“Now… maybe I’m just imagining things,” he said, motioning for his entourage to surround
Yagami, “but it really seems like you heard something that piqued your interest. There something
you wanna tell me?”
Yagami turned to face him and shook his head. “I think it is your imagination. I’ll be on my way
now.”
“Yeah, I don’t think so. Tell me… Is Kasuga a friend of yours?” Yagami reached into his pocket
and showed the man his lawyer badge. “Oh? What’s this?”
“I’m a lawyer,” Yagami answered. “Ichiban Kasuga was the defendant in a murder case that I
studied when I was trying to pass the bar. I recognized the name when you said it, but I don’t know
the guy personally. So relax, okay?”

The man chuckled. “Is that all? Well, alright then. I suppose that’s fine. I have more important
things to be dealing with, anyway.” He turned around and walked away from Yagami. “Boys…
make sure the ace attorney over here doesn’t follow me,” he ordered as he left.
Yagami glared at the man as he watched him go, then turned his attention to his entourage, who
simply blocked the way forward. “Well, I guess I’ll be going now,” he said as he turned around.
“Like there isn’t more than one way around… Morons.” He turned the corner and kept walking as
he tried to find another way onto the street. Alright… new lead. Let’s do this. He stopped in his
tracks when he realized the man’s entourage was following him, and sighed. “Agh… we’re really
doing this?”
He turned around to face them. They seemed to be gearing up for a fight. Rolling his eyes, Yagami
settled into his Crane stance.
MYSTERIOUS MEN
Yagami wasted no time and ran at the group, attacking them with a rush combo which consisted of
a low right kick, a mid left kick, a backwards right kick, a spinning right roundhouse kick, and
finishing with a double roundhouse kick which knocked two of the men onto the floor. He backed
up and ran at one of the men on the floor and jumped into the air, side flipped, and stomped on his
face, taking him out of the fight.
One of the men threw a punch at him as he stood back up, which he quickly dodged and retaliated
with a high kick to his face. He then brought his foot back down and slammed his opponent onto
the ground with such great force that he bounced off of the asphalt. Switching to his Tiger stance,
Yagami took this opportunity to juggle him in the air with multiple open palm strikes and a back
fist, and then used a wheel kick to slam his opponent to the ground once again, knocking him out.
Another man came at Yagami with a knife. Switching to his Snake style—a defensive Wing Chunbased style that he had used against Joryu earlier to little effect—he grabbed his attacker’s arm and
smacked the knife out of his hand, disarming him. This frightened the man slightly, and Yagami
threw a punch at him that did not land, but made the man flinch anyway. He followed it up with a
roundhouse kick, which stopped just short of actually hitting the man’s skull. Unable to take the
pressure, the man simply fainted.
Yagami dealt with the rest of them in short order, and the fight ended with all of them on the
ground before him, unable to fight any longer. “What a waste,” he muttered as he relaxed. “Now…
to figure out where the big guy went…”
Finally, it felt like this case was actually going somewhere.

Chapter 40: Castles
Haruka stepped off the train at Shin-Osaka station, and her allies followed. Here she was, once
again, in Osaka. “It seems like every time I come here, the circumstance is more and more dire,”
she sighed.
“Hey, imagine how I feel,” Kaito laughed. “The last time I was here, I almost got skinned alive by
the Omi Alliance. At least those guys are gone, now.”
Saeko looked out at the station and sighed. “I wouldn’t be so sure about that…” she said, pointing
to a man standing on the station platform, who was quite plainly yakuza just from the way he
dressed and carried himself. “That guy was at the Great Dissolution, I think. I recognize his stupid
outfit.”
He was a slim man of average height with tan skin, a black undercut, parted to the left and slicked
back, and a goatee. He wore a black pinstriped suit with a black dress shirt, adorned with a gold
and white floral patten, and a gold chain. His eyes were hidden by a pair of aviators, but he seemed
to stir when Haruka got off the train. He waved for her, grinning. “Yo! Over here!” he called out.
Haruka did not want to approach this man. Instead, she pulled out her phone and called Ebina. He
picked up in two rings. “Haruka,” he greeted. “I take it you made it to Osaka?”
“Yeah… can you tell us where Akame is now?”
“There should be a man waiting for you. Yakuza-looking type. He works for Akame. Approach
him.”
Haruka sighed. “Fine.” She hung up the phone and pocketed it. “That’s our guy,” she said.
“Of course it is,” Saeko groaned as the party approached him.
“Haruka Sawamura, I presume,” he greeted, bowing slightly. “Yuki Tsuruno, ex-Watase Family.”
Yuki Tsuruno
Ex-Omi Alliance, Watase Family Captain
“You were at the Dissolution,” Saeko said. “You were one of Watase’s bodyguards.”
Tsuruno raised an eyebrow. “Eh? Have we met? Hang on… You were part of Ichiban Kasuga’s
group. You fought alongside the Arakawa Family.” He turned to Nanba. “You, too, right?”
“Guilty as charged,” Nanba chuckled.
“So then where’s Kasuga?” Tsuruno asked.
“Somewhere in Sotenbori,” Haruka explained. “That’s actually part of why we’re here. The other
part… is my son. He’s been taken by some very dangerous people, and we think they might be here
in Osaka.”
“That’s awful…” Tsuruno muttered. “Well, don’t worry, Haruka. Akame can help you.”

“So you do know her. Great. Can you show us the way?”
Tsuruno grinned and gave her a thumbs up. “Sure can! Come on, she’s expecting you.” He led them
out of the station and towards a duo of SUVs parked on the street. “Come on, get in.”
Haruka, Saeko, Seonhee, and Amasawa got in one, while Kaito, Nanba, and Higashi got in the
other. “Yo, Haruka-chan,” Kaito called out as he got into the back of the SUV. “You’ve got your
own convoy. You’re really not beating the yakuza allegations,” he joked, grinning. He laughed
when Haruka sighed.
Tsuruno got into the driver’s seat of Haruka’s car and started it. “Been hearing all about you on the
news,” he explained as he pulled onto the street. “Thought it was insane. Kazuma Kiryu’s daughter,
a murderer? Not a chance.”
“You knew Uncle Kaz?” Haruka asked.
Tsuruno, realizing he had said a bit too much, frowned. “Ah… yeah. Back in 2012,” he lied,
remembering that Watase had met him there in Fukuoka. “I was a part of Watase’s entourage in
Fukuoka when he and Kiryu-han crossed paths. Of course, he was usin’ a fake name at the time.
Taichi Suzuki, I think it was.”
“I see,” Haruka responded.
“Anyway, imagine my surprise when Akame tells me I’ve gotta pick you up from the station,”
Tsuruno continued. “Her contacts in Yokohama called ahead.”
“So how did you start working for Akame?” Amasawa asked. “As I understand it, the Watase
Family was absorbed into Dojima Security after the Great Dissolution.”
Tsuruno nodded. “Smart kid. Yeah, a lot of us did end up following the boss when he and Daigo
Dojima went into business together. Me… I had actually grown to dislike what the yakuza had
become, and felt like I needed to get away from it all. So, with the boss’s blessing, me and a few
other boys ended up joining the Akame Network. After the security business ended up going bellyup, even more joined up. Basically, Akame’s got the backing of the whole Watase Family now.”
The cars pulled into a small airfield on the outskirts of Osaka and came to a stop. “We keep the
peace in Sotenbori,” he explained. “And Akame oversees everything from her headquarters.”
Haruka glanced out the window. “Where are we?” she asked.
“Go-Ryu Airfield. One of the last assets of the Omi Alliance still in operation.”
“Huh. I always wondered where the yakuza got all of their helicopters from,” Saeko chuckled as
the group stepped out of the vehicles.
“And why are we at an airfield?” Haruka questioned, to which Tsuruno grinned and pointed to a
black helicopter which sat on a nearby helipad.
“How do you think we’re getting to Akame?”
“So, she’s at The Castle then?” Kaito asked. “I dunno if we should take the kid with us.” This
earned him a glare from Amasawa.

“The Castle is… a bit different now than it was before the Watase Family took over,” Tsuruno
explained. He gave a thumbs up to the pilot, who started the rotors as the group stepped inside and
sat down. “Watch your head. With the Omi Alliance gone, the place needed new leadership, and
Akame stepped in. Oh, it’s still got gambling, cage matches, cabaret, but with that pervert from the
Kijin Clan gone, a lot of the place’s… seedier aspects went away. It’s effectively a casino boat in
international waters now. Heh, we even had the American President show up there once!”
“Have you ever ridden in a helicopter before, Haruka?” Saeko asked, to which Haruka nodded.
“I’ve been in… a few,” she responded, thinking back to her various trips in helicopters, usually to
the tops of skyscrapers in Tokyo. Once the ground was clear, the helicopter took off, and turned
towards the sea. A different, gold-painted helicopter flew past them as they ascended, heading in
the same direction.
“Wonder where they’re heading,” Seonhee thought aloud.
In the other helicopter, Ichiban Kasuga and his party rode with Kazuma Kiryu in the direction of
The Castle. The helicopter was owned by an American oil baron that Sugiura once knew.
“How did you meet this guy, Sugiura-san?” Kasuga asked, raising his voice over the noise of the
helicopter rotors.
“Guy approached me once in Kamurocho!” Sugiura replied. “He saw me beat up some Arakawa
Family jagoffs that were harassing me, asked if I wanted to make some money! …Oh, hey, sorry,
no offense!”
Kasuga laughed. “None taken! You’re right! Some of the new guys were real assholes!”
“Hey, is that it down there?” Adachi asked, pointing to a large container ship on the water. The
lights coming off of it were almost blinding.
“That’s the place!” Kiryu confirmed as he put on a pair of sunglasses. “The fact that it’s still in
operation means there’s a pretty good chance Akame is running the show!”
As the helicopter started to descend, Sugiura pulled his hood up and covered his face in a white
jester mask, causing everyone in the helicopter to give him an inquisitive look. “Oh, so when
Kiryu-san wants to hide his identity, it’s normal, but when I do it it’s weird?”
The group’s helicopter landed on a landing pad on the ship’s aft, and when it was safe, the group
stepped out. “So… this is The Castle?” Taichi asked. A yakuza-looking guy wearing an earpiece
approached the group. Kiryu noticed that he wore a Watase Family crest on his lapel.
“Alright you guys, clear the landing pad, we got another group coming in right after you,” he
ordered. He then pressed a finger to his earpiece. “Yeah, give me a second, let me clear the LZ.” He
looked back up at Kasuga’s group. “Move it.”
“We just got off the helicopter,” Kasuga complained. “At least let us get our bearings.”
“Uh, by any chance, is Akame here?” Kiryu asked.
“Who’s asking?”
“Tell her Joryu is here to see her.”

“Okay, give me a minute.” He switched his radio to a different channel and pressed his finger to his
earpiece again. “Boss. Are you expecting any visitors? …What’s the name? …Okay. Got it.” He
glared at Kiryu. “Sorry, Akame’s only expecting one group of visitors, and your name ain’t on the
list.”
“You didn’t even give her my name!” Kiryu complained.
“Doesn’t matter. She ain’t expecting you.”
“Well who is she expecting?”
“Can’t tell you that. Don’t you know how this works, man? Now clear the LZ so the next group can
land.”
Kiryu scoffed. “Fine. At least we know she’s here. Come on, let’s head inside.”
“And no funny business from you, got it?” the man said as Kiryu, Kasuga, and their party walked
past him and towards the large double doors into the Castle. The helicopter they arrived on took off
once again and flew away. “Okay, you’re clear to land, what’s your ETA?” the man said into his
earpiece as the doors slowly began to open, generating an unnatural amount of wind which took the
group, save Kiryu and Sugiura, off-guard.
When they were finally able to look back up, they were astounded at what they saw. “Whoa…”
Taichi said, in awe at the display.
A city-like “street” stretched across the ship, with numerous lavishly-dressed people in masks
walking across and up and down this street. Casinos, cabaret clubs, and even stores lined the street,
with many people entering and exiting each of these locations. Limousines sat on the edges of the
street, providing transport for people who didn’t feel like walking. Taichi’s eyes gravitated towards
a brothel, where numerous sex workers stood in the windows wearing nothing but low-cut
nightgowns, beckoning horny men with a lot of money to spend inside. Kiryu growled and pushed
Taichi along. “Yeah, I don’t think so,” he said.
“I wasn’t gonna go in there,” Taichi denied, rather unconvincingly. He looked up the rest of the
street. Perhaps most striking about it all was the fact that the place was so well-lit; the grandiosity
of the light fixtures rivaled even that of the already grandiose Sotenbori Street back in Osaka. A
rotor could be heard overhead and Taichi looked up, watching as a black helicopter flew overhead.
It descended as it approached the helipad the group just left. “That’s a lot of air traffic,” he said in
amazement.
“I’m not surprised,” Kiryu responded. “The last time I was here, the Japanese public was on the
verge of discovering this place.” Looking into a window, he saw a man in rags cheering at a
roulette table. “It looks like more than just the elites come here now.”
“But… how can a place like this exist?” Kasuga asked. “This place looks illegal as shit, and it
doesn’t exactly do much to hide itself.”
“International waters,” Kiryu answered. “This all might be illegal in Japan, but maritime law says
nothing about any of this. In America, casino boats are rather popular in coastal states with strict
gambling laws for exactly that reason.”
“Crazy…”

The group ascended a grand staircase at the end of the street, which led to a viewing platform
overseeing a large fighting ring. Looking down into it, the group saw numerous fallen individuals
laying on the ground in pain. Standing over them triumphantly was a slender man in his late
twenties or early thirties with long black hair, wearing a black tracksuit. “And that’s game, set, and
match, folks!” the announcer yelled, to the cheers of the many wealthy spectators. “Our last man
standing is: the MAD DRAGON OF KAMUROCHO!!!”
“Man, that actually looks kind of fun,” Kasuga chuckled.
“Yeah, I’ll pass,” Adachi groaned. “I’m getting too old for that shit. In my younger days, though,
I’d have whooped some ass.”
“You whoop ass now, man,” Kasuga countered.
“Yeah. Against street thugs and wannabe yakuza. That ring down there… it’s a whole different ball
game.”
“Hey, Sugiura, remember when we used to fight down there?” Kiryu asked, to which Sugiura
nodded.
“Yeah. Kaito and Higashi, too. Man, that was a blast.”
Kasuga grinned and looked back down into the ring. “I’ll tell you what, Kiryu-san. If you decide to
head back in there, count me in.”
“Heh,” Kiryu chuckled. “Perhaps I’ll take you up on that. Later, though.” He looked up at another
spectator box which sat high above the ring. “Akame’s probably up there. Come on. This way.” The
group approached another set of stairs which led up to Akame’s box, but they were blocked by two
more security officers, each wearing Omi Alliance crests.
“Whoa, hold up there, tough guy, not another step,” the one on the left said.
“VIP access only,” the other added. “Can I get yer names?”
“Joryu,” Kiryu answered.
“Not on the list. Beat it.”
Kasuga glared at the men and tried to push past them, but they shoved him back. “Hey, what the
hell?!”
“Are ya deaf, or just slow? I said ‘get lost’, pal!”
Kasuga growled at him and clenched his fist, but Kiryu put a hand on his shoulder. “Huh?”
“Don’t cause a scene, Kasuga,” Kiryu said in a low voice. “Come on.” He dragged Kasuga away,
back towards the entrance, and the rest of the party followed.
“What gives, Kiryu-san?” Kasuga asked. “We need to get up there, don’t we?”
“Yeah. But there are other ways up there that don’t involve making an ass of yourself. Come on.”
Kiryu led the group to an elevator, and they stepped inside. “Let’s see if we can find somebody I

know. There has to be somebody here with access to Akame.” He hit a button that led to the
coliseum reception area, and the doors closed.
Just as the elevator descended, Haruka Sawamura and her party started to ascend the stairs, led by
Tsuruno; the elevator was already gone by the time they made it to the top. “Wow…” Saeko said as
she took in the sights. “This place is insane.”
“It sort of reminds me of Purgatory,” Haruka muttered in amazement. “Only… bigger… and
brighter.” She stopped at the edge of the spectators’ area and looked down into the arena below,
where a fight clearly just happened. The winner was nowhere to be found, but all of the losers were
still around, groaning in pain as they stood up.
“Looks like we just missed the fun,” Nanba chuckled.
“Do you wanna go in?” Haruka asked.
“Me? Hell no! I’ll die!”
Haruka failed to suppress a small laugh. “Doesn’t sound all that fun now, does it?”
“Oh, man, it was a blast,” Kaito said. “Higashi, remember how fun this was? Gettin’ in there,
scrapping it out, you, me, and Sugiura whooping ass and getting paid?”
“Yeah… how come you never invited Yagami, by the way?” Higashi asked.
“Ah… he wouldn’t have approved.”
The group approached a set of stairs leading to the overhead VIP spectator’s box. Tsuruno greeted
the bouncers. “Hey. Is Akame in?”
“Who wants to know?” one asked.
Tsuruno chuckled. “Tch. It ain’t enough that I’m escortin’ them?”
“Aw, you know how it is, Tsu. Gotta keep the riff raff out,” the man responded, shrugging his
shoulders. “Shoulda seen the jagoffs we just had to turn away. Some east coast yakuza-lookin’
pricks lookin’ to start somethin’. I’m just bein’ careful.”
“Whatever, man. Tell her Haruka Sawamura’s here to see here.”
The bouncer nodded and pressed a finger to her earpiece. “‘Ey, boss. Sawamura’s here to see ya.”
He waited for a response, then looked up at Haruka. “Alright, you can head in.”
Haruka nodded. “Thank you.” The party ascended the stairs, leaving the bouncers alone.
“Yo, aniki. That’s Tojo Clan royalty up there,” one said.
“Seriously?” the other asked.
“Swear to god, man, swear to god. Fourth Chairman’s daughter. Can you believe that shit? Man,
Watase always spoke so highly of that Kiryu guy… Even though he was from the Tojo Clan, I wish
I could have met him.”

“Yeah? Well he’s dead. So keep dreamin’, lover-boy…”
Tsuruno led Haruka and her party up several sets of stairs, which would eventually take them into
the VIP spectator box. Finally, they came to an unassuming door with a small keypad. Tsuruno
typed a code into the keypad, which buzzed, and opened the door. Holding it open for Haruka’s
party, he said, “She’s waiting right inside. Go on.”
Haruka nodded and walked inside. “Thank you, Tsuruno-san.” Once the party had fully entered,
Tsuruno closed the door behind them. The hallway was dark except for a bluish light coming from
a slightly open door at the end. Haruka could hear pop music coming from the room on the other
side. It sounded somewhat familiar. “Hang on… is that…?”
As they got closer, they realized that Haruka’s own voice was coming from the room.
“This silly dream
This ray of hope
Fading faster than scribbles on the pavement—
Should I just give in?”
“That’s your song, ain’t it?” Kaito asked. This earned him more than a few looks from the party.
“N-not that I would know," he clarified nervously. "I don’t listen to that crap.”
“Is this what you want?
Are you good enough?
It’s all I see when I look in the mirror.
I can’t escape
My own reflection.”
The music got louder as the party approached the door, and they realized a second voice could be
heard singing along.
“When my tears won’t dry
Wanna just not even try
I’ll find the strength inside.”
Apprehensively, Haruka pushed the door open, and stepped inside. She gasped.
The wall was lined with surveillance video of various locations in Osaka, with Haruka’s Princess
League debut being played on the largest monitor. In front of the monitors stood a young woman
with red dyed hair in a red jacket and black sweatpants, singing along.
“Hope is all it takes to remake
Your dreams into reality.

So dooooon’t let it sliiiip away.”
The woman turned to face them, grinning. She hopped up and down twice to the beat of the
trumpets, a fist in the air, and continued as she danced around the party, much to their confusion.
“Are you ready? Go!
It’s your time to show
That you’re so much more than they could know.
Hold your head up high
Spread your wings and fly
Just a bit of hope and you’ll be shining.
It’s all up to me,
Just you wait and see,
This star is gonna shine so bright it hurts
And one day you will see
That I can be
So much more than what you see right now!”
The woman smiled at them and ceased singing, though she allowed the song to continue playing in
the background. “Whaddya think? Do I still got it, or what?” She marched to her desk, a hop in her
step, and grabbed a water bottle to quench the thirst she had worked up. “Ah,” she sighed when she
was done. “Haruka Sawamura, right? I’ve been expecting you.”
Haruka’s mouth was still slightly agape at the display, but she nodded anyway. “Yeah. And you
must be…”
Akame
Sotenbori’s Jack-of-All-Trades
***
Things had finally calmed down at the old Omi Alliance Headquarters after the previous intrusion.
Several of the homeless had gathered around a trash bin fire for warmth, seeking refuge from the
cold December air and trying to forget the fight they’d just had with Joryu and his sidekick.
Unfortunately, their night was not about to get better.
The large man that Takayuki Yagami had encountered earlier in the night entered the building,
surveying the damage. “Wow… a few years of misuse really does a number on a place, doesn’t it?
Watanabe!” he called out. Chihiro Watanabe followed him in, with a few other men and a drugged

and out-of-it Haruto Sawamura in tow, slung over one of their shoulders. “We’re setting up shop
here. Alert the rest.”
Chihiro raised an eyebrow at the location. All of these homeless… “You said this place was
abandoned,” she said quietly.
“It is abandoned!” another man laughed. He was bald with a thin mustache over his upper lip and
wore a printed orange shirt. “These bums ain’t people. They’re leeches. You don’t consider ratinfested apartments to be occupied, do you?”
“Leeches? Tch. Takes one to know one, Zheng,” Chihiro mumbled.
The bald man, Zheng, glared at her. “The fuck was that?!”
The large man held a hand up, shutting them both up. “Quiet, the both of you.” Turning his
attention to the homeless, he spoke authoritatively, “Alright, listen up. This is your eviction notice.
This place is now under the ownership of the Saio Triad. Get out of here in the next five minutes, or
we’ll force you all to leave.”
The homeless all looked at each other. The leader approached the large triad, unafraid. “Last I
checked, this place was abandoned,” he said calmly. “Local laws say that we own the place now. So
I’m afraid it is us who will be asking you to leave.”
The large triad smirked, then reached into his suit jacket and retrieved a handgun, causing the
homeless leader to flinch, taking a step back in concern. “You were saying,” he growled.
The homeless leader, though frightened, stood his ground. “We- we’re not leaving. There are a lot
more of us than there are of you. We’re prepared to protect our home if necessary!”
The large triad raised the gun and pointed it at the homeless leader’s forehead. “Wrong answer,” he
said in a low, threatening voice.
Chihiro’s eyes widened. “No!” she exclaimed, stepping in front of the gun.
The triad raised an eyebrow. “Eh? What’s the matter? You’re not going soft on me, are ya?”
The homeless leader’s eyes widened in recognition, having gotten a closer look at Chihiro’s face.
“Hang on…. Chi-chan? Is that you? W-why’re you working with these guys?!”
Chihiro let out a soft gasp and averted her eyes from his in shame, causing the large triad to laugh.
“Hehe… That’s right. You were a member of this… community, not long ago, weren’t you? Now it
all makes sense…”
Chihiro looked down at the floor. “You don’t have to kill him…” she mumbled.
He shrugged. “You know what? You’re right. I don’t.” This caused Chihiro to raise her head in
surprise, but the triad simply grinned. “Because you’re going to do it for me… right?”
“H-huh?!”
He handed her the gun. “Go ahead. Prove your commitment to the cause.”

Chihiro stared at the gun in her hand, which started to shake. Her heart rate increased. Her breath
became unsteady. She had held—and fired—a gun before, as a Daidoji Faction agent. But she never
shot to kill, and she therefore had never killed another human before. It was the one line she was
unwilling to cross.
But this was about more than just her. Once the yakuza was destroyed, once and for all, and the
Saio Triad united under Haruto Sawamura, with her to guide him, no Chinese person in Japan
would ever again be forced to suffer the loss that she suffered. Without the yakuza, the Little Asia
fire would never have happened.
Without the yakuza, there would have been no Yuta Usami. There would be no Kazuma Kiryu.
There wouldn’t have been a Masumi Arakawa. Her Chinese mother, her Japanese father, and all of
the other people she knew in her past life would still be alive today if it were not for the yakuza.
If she was to usher in a new era for Japan’s underworld… She needed to have no lines at all. She
pointed the gun at the homeless leader, who stared defiantly at her.
“You would kill the man who raised you?” he asked, causing her to again avert her eyes in shame.
“You didn’t raise me,” she tried to justify. “I was already a woman when I joined your ranks, and
you used me for protection. Don’t pretend it was anything more than that. All I was to you… was a
tool.”
“That’s exactly what you are to these men,” he countered. “So if that’s what you truly think… then
it must seem like nothing’s changed at all.” He sighed. “I never had a daughter. Not a biological
one, anyhow.”
“Shut up…”
“I always thought of you as one, though.”
“Stop talking…”
“But… I suppose… If this is how things are… Then I still don’t have one. Never did. And now… I
never will.”
“Shut up!” Chihiro begged, tears forming in her eyes. “Please… just stop.”
The man didn’t back down. He didn’t beg for his life. He simply stared at her, a resigned look in his
eyes. “You may as well shoot me, because I don’t want to live in a world where this is who you
are.”
Chihiro’s finger wrapped around the trigger. She started to pull it… but did not complete the action.
She couldn’t do this.
“I’m not shooting him,” she said to her boss, her voice hoarse as she took her finger off of the
trigger.
The large man rolled his eyes. “Yes you are,” he said simply as he gripped the gun and forced her
finger back onto the trigger. “Fucking kill him already!”
“N-no! Stop!”

A deafening gunshot rang out, a blinding flare engulfed the muzzle, and a bullet shot through the
homeless leader’s head, killing him instantly. His body fell to the floor, his extremities briefly
convulsing before going limp. A pool of blood formed underneath the exit wound. The homeless
nearby panicked and started to rush for the exits.
“No!” Chihiro wailed as she dropped the gun in shock at what she had just done. She fell to her
knees at the man’s body, tears streaming down her cheeks. Her vision blurred. Her hands shook
violently. She felt like she was going to vomit. Feeling something wet on her nose, she instinctively
wiped it off and glanced at her palm.
It was blood.
His blood.
She had just killed a man. A man who trusted her.
Murderer. The word rang in her head repeatedly, taunting her. She started to hyperventilate as the
realization set in. Murderer. Her heartbeat was so loud in her own ears that she almost didn’t hear
her master’s cruel laughter from her side. She slowly looked up at him. “Wh… why?” she asked in
barely a whisper, unable to speak any louder.
He simply smirked. “Hmph. Don’t worry,” he said, his smirk slowly growing into a grin. “It gets
easier. A lot easier. Now then… do you see what defiance gets you?”
If she had any doubts about what she was doing, they were gone now. She was in too deep. Slowly,
she nodded. “Y-yes, Lao Ma…” she muttered.
“Good,” he laughed. “Now stand up. We have work to do.”
Akira Mabuchi
Saio Triad

Chapter 41: Addiction
Haruka looked around in awe at her surroundings. Akame’s quarters made the most oppressive
police states look like libertarian paradises. She had cameras trained on every point of interest in
Sotenbori. Sotenbori Street, Ashitaba Park, Club Four Shine, and more were under constant
audiovisual surveillance. “This is… horrifying,” she muttered.
“Impressive, huh?” Akame chuckled. “Yup, this is the result of years of hard work, building this
network from the ground up.”
Seonhee crossed her arms. “Meh. I’ve seen better.”
“Oh, don’t be a sore loser,” Saeko muttered.
“Yo, check it,” Kaito said as he tapped Higashi with his elbow and pointed to one screen in
particular. “There’s Tak.” Sure enough, Takayuki Yagami stood amidst several unconscious bodies,
which caused Kaito to laugh. “Looks like he just got into a scrap with some local thugs.”
“I’ve had eyes on him for a minute,” Akame admitted. “He’s very interested in speaking with me, it
seems.”
“No offense, but I don’t think he’ll appreciate you spying on him,” Kaito replied, a hint of
amusement in his voice.
“I keep an eye on all outsiders,” Akame said. “It’s the only way to keep people safe.”
“It’s wrong,” Haruka retorted, shaking her head. “It’s an invasion of these peoples’ privacies.”
“Call it what you want. It’s probably what’s going to save your son,” Akame shot back.
“Huh? You’ve seen Haruto?!”
“I didn’t say that,” Akame responded.
“Huh? But I thought—“
“No surveillance system is without its blind spots,” Seonhee explained, a knowing look in her eye.
“Isn’t that right, Akame?”
Akame nodded. “You know your stuff, Seonhee.”
“Oh? You know of me?”
“Ebina told me your names ahead of time,” Akame explained. “So I did some research. You’re
Seonhee, formerly of the Jingweon Mafia, currently the leader of its successor organization, the
Geomijul.” She turned to Kaito and Higashi. “You two tough guys are Masaharu Kaito and Toru
Higashi, two ex-yakuza soldiers from the Tojo Clan’s Matsugane Family. Kaito got expelled in
2017, and Higashi left that line of work entirely after the Great Dissolution in 2019. Kaito, you
work for Takayuki Yagami of Yagami Detective Agency. You stay despite the crappy pay because
Yagami’s your best friend. Higashi, you manage a humble arcade on Park Boulevard in

Kamurocho, and you’ve just opened a second branch in Yokohama, where you’re known to do
business both with Yagami and with Yokohama 99, another detective agency with close ties to
Yagami Detective Agency.”
“Shit, you’re good,” Kaito said, shocked.
Turning to Saeko and Nanba, she continued, “You two are Yu Nanba and Saeko Mukoda, from
Yokohama. Nanba, you’re a former homeless man and nurse, whose brother, a journalist, went
missing after investigating Seonhee’s organization. Mukoda, you are a hostess and businesswoman
who took sole ownership of a cabaret club, a bar, and a soapland owned by Isai Nonomiya after his
suicide. You sold the soapland, and under your leadership the other two businesses saw
skyrocketing profits, thanks to investments from the sale. Both of you are comrades of Ichiban
Kasuga, another ex-Tojo Clan yakuza from the Arakawa Family, though neither of you have any
explicit criminal ties yourselves.”
Turning to Amasawa, she paused for a moment, before saying, “I have no idea who you are.”
This caused Amasawa to grin. “Kyoko Amasawa, of Yokohama 99. I’m a recent graduate from
Seiryo High School in Ijincho. I’ve got no underworld ties to speak of, which would be why you’ve
never heard of me. But one day, I’ll be a master detective, just like Yagami. So get my name
memorized… because one day, you might just need my help.”
Akame laughed. “Hah! Noted. And as for you,” she said, approaching Haruka. “Haruka Sawamura.
The daughter of Kazuma Kiryu, the Dragon of Dojima, the Fourth Chairman of the Tojo Clan. Heh.
Your exploits were known to me even before this. I was a pretty big fan, you know. From an early
age, and mostly through no fault of your own, you found yourself thrust into the criminal
underworld at nearly every turn, be it because of something you had, someone you knew, or even
just because of who you were. And now… it’s all happening again.”
“You did get one thing wrong,” Saeko interrupted, a serious look on her face.
“Oh? Did I?” Akame asked, turning to her. “Enlighten me.”
“Nonomiya didn’t kill himself,” Saeko corrected. “He was murdered by Akira Mabuchi. It’s a
crime that he’s never faced justice for. And now he’s threatening my friend’s family,” she added,
gesturing to Haruka. “So if you’re done being a smartass… we’re here for business.”
“Sa-chan…” Haruka muttered.
Akame smirked. “Of course. But just so you know… I take my work very seriously.” She placed
two photographs on her desk. One was of Mabuchi. The other was of Chihiro Watanabe. “These are
the guys you’re lookin’ for, yeah?”
“That’s what Sawashiro told us,” Nanba affirmed. “You said that you saw them, but not Harutokun. What’s that mean?”
Akame sighed. “Truth is… Watanabe? She’s a former employee. I used her for freelance work
after…” she trailed off, glancing at Haruka. “…my last guy quit.”
“Joryu, you mean,” Kaito said.
“Yeah. Joryu.”

“He’s in Sotenbori, you know. Tak saw him.”
“Really?” Akame asked, avoiding eye contact. “I wasn’t aware.”
“Bullshit,” Kaito accused. “You’re hiding something.”
“Kaito-san!” Haruka admonished.
Kaito shook his head. “Nah. I’m not letting this go. Tak said he saw him prancing around the city
streets. You’re telling me that not one of your cameras captured him?”
“I didn’t say that,” Akame replied. “Just that I hadn’t seen him. Do you think I have my eyes on
every camera at all times?”
“Why are you lying to us?” Kaito asked. “Is there something you don’t want us finding out?
Something about his real identity, maybe?”
“What are you implying?” Akame asked.
“See, based on what I learned about the guy, Haruka’s got a theory about who he really is.” He
nodded at Haruka, prodding her for her theory.
“…I know that Kazuma Kiryu is alive,” Haruka said after remaining silent for just a moment. “Is
Joryu him?”
Akame looked at Haruka, her expression nigh unreadable. “…Joryu never told me his real name.
Nor did his employers. I have nothing more to say about that.”
“Sounds like a bunch of legalese to me,” Nanba scoffed. “Why don’t you be straight-up with us?”
“It’s okay, Nanba-san,” Haruka said. “You too, Kaito-san.”
“But—!” Kaito began, before cutting himself off. He growled and glared at Akame. “Ngh… You’re
really, really lucky she doesn’t want to push the issue. The reason we’re here is so we can learn
more about Haruto Sawamura, the Saio Triad, and Goro Majima. So I’m gonna let this go, for now.
But don’t think this conversation is over. Haruka-chan sacrificed her freedom for me. I’m gonna do
everything I can to make sure she gets every bit of the truth.”
“And I’m sure one day you’ll get it all for her,” Akame said, nodding. “But the present situation
comes first, as you said. Now then… about Mabuchi and Chihiro… as I said, Chihiro used to work
for me. She wasn’t going by her surname at the time. She took that name up after leaving my
network. While she was working for me, she became… intimately aware with the functioning of
my network.”
“So she knows where all of your blind spots are,” Amasawa deduced. “It sounds like we’re dealing
with a mastermind here.”
“I first realized something was wrong around six months ago, when triads first arrived in
Sotenbori,” Akame explained. “There’d be attacks on the streets that I couldn’t see coming.
Movements in my blind spots that I was unaware of. So… I think she’s been feeding them
information for at least that long. Then, one day, while I was on the street… somebody shot at me.”
Haruka gasped. “Somebody tried to kill you?!”

Akame shook her head. “No. I was standing perfectly still, and yet, the bullet only grazed my
cheek, and hit a window behind me. It couldn’t have been an accident.”
“Wait… you think they missed on purpose?”
Akame nodded. “Yeah. The shooter made sure I could see them, too, on a rooftop across the river.
They were trying to send a message. ‘GTFO before you get BTFO’d,’ is what I think they were
trying to say.”
“GT-what now?” Nanba asked.
“It means they wanted her to leave,” Haruka said, interpreting the chat room lingo. “Or else… the
next bullet wouldn’t miss.”
“Exactly,” Akame replied. “Now, I’m not one to cower before terrorist threats, but getting my head
blown off is something I’d like to avoid. So I made plans to relocate my operations to the lovely
place right here. But… I wanted to know who was messin’ with me. So I left some of my more
useless equipment at my old place, and monitored it remotely. Wouldn’t ya know it… a month later,
the place got raided. Akira Mabuchi and a few of his goons trashed my setup. My cameras showed
that Chihiro was the one that let them in. I’ve been living like a fuckin’ recluse since then on this
boat, under the Watase Family’s protection, and I gotta say… I’m sick of it.”
“That kind of betrayal can’t have been easy to accept,” Higashi said. As an ex-yakuza, he knew all
about loyalty, and the penalties for disloyalty.
“You’re right. It wasn’t. And now that I’ve learned she’s taken Haruka’s child…” Akame trailed
off, her smile faltering. She sighed, and looked over at her. “I’m sorry, Haruka. This is… my fault. I
trusted the wrong people, and other people are gettin’ hurt because of it.”
Haruka shook her head. “It’s not your fault all of this is happening. The person you put your trust in
betrayed that trust. That’s not your fault at all.”
“How evil do you gotta be to hurt a defenseless child like that?” Kaito growled. “Just thinkin’
about it makes my fuckin’ blood boil.”
“Uh, aniki…” Higashi began, but Kaito already knew what he was gonna say.
“Third years ain’t defenseless. Especially not the ones Tak and I threw down with. Besides, we
went easy on ‘em, all things considered. Haruto can’t defend himself, he’s never hurt another living
soul… And some evil motherfuckers want to hurt him anyway.”
“Chihiro isn’t evil,” Akame denied. “And I don’t think she plans to harm Haruto. I might have
misjudged her loyalty to me… but I didn’t misjudge her character. Haruto isn’t in danger as long as
she’s got him.”
“How can you be so sure?” Saeko asked.
“…Sometimes… good people do bad things,” Akame answered. “Because… they feel like they
have to. Or because they’re angry. At the world, or… whoever. Sometimes… people get pushed to
their limit… and bad shit happens.”
Haruka thought back to what Kiryu had told her so many years ago.

“I was young. Very young,” he explained. “I was still green, working my way up in the Dojima
Family… although, back then I wasn’t in their good graces. I had been on the run from them, too
deep in a conspiracy I had no business being involved in. But… somebody needed my help.”
Haruka smiled. “Wow. Even back then, you couldn’t help getting involved when people were in
trouble.”
“Heh,” Kiryu chuckled. “I can’t stand by when people need my help, no. But… back then I had yet
to understand what it meant to be a yakuza. Honestly, I hadn’t even earned the dragon on my back.
So when I finally came face-to-face with the man responsible for everything…” Kiryu fell silent.
“Did you…?” Haruka asked slowly.
“I would have,” Kiryu answered. “Had it not been for Nishiki.”
“Nishikiyama?” Haruka asked, confused.
“Yeah. He was my sworn brother,” Kiryu said, letting out a rare smile. “I’ve told you that, right?”
Haruka nodded. “Mhm. You said that you grew up at Sunflower together. You, him… and mom.”
“Yeah. He was the one who stopped me from ending the man’s life,” Kiryu explained. “I’d have
done it if he hadn’t been there. I’d have crossed a line you can’t come back from.”
Back in the present, Haruka nodded. “I understand where you’re coming from, Akame-san… but
until Haruto is safe in my arms, I cannot simply accept that everything will be okay.”
“Well, I’m going to do what I can,” Akame assured her. “But… you gotta do something for me in
return.”
“‘Scuse me?!” Kaito asked, getting angrier by the second. “A kid’s life is in danger, this isn’t the
time for quid pro—!” Haruka held a hand in front of him, cutting him off. “Ah! Uh…”
“That’s the second time she’s been able to shut you up, aniki,” Higashi chuckled.
“What can I say… she commands respect,” Kaito sighed. “If she weren’t so damn sweet, she’d
actually make for a pretty good yakuza.”
“What is it you need from us, Akame?” Haruka asked.
“My place ain’t in this stuffy castle surrounded by all of these rich assholes and ex-yakuza,” Akame
explained. “It’s on the streets, with the people. But if I’m gonna get back out there… I need
protection.”
“Well, we kicked all kinds of ass on the way here,” Saeko reasoned. “That should be proof enough
that we can get the job done, right?”
Akame smirked. “I was hopin’ to see an example of that for myself,” she muttered as she glanced
out her window and into the coliseum below.
“Wait… you can’t be serious,” Nanba said nervously. “Us? Against those monsters?!”

“Monsters, eh…?” Haruka muttered as she looked at the combatants in the arena below them. Just
as the thought entered her mind, she imagined them as such. Scarred yakuza, party foulers, men
dressed as garbage bags, chefs using their cooking implements as weapons… when she imagined
them like this, as if they were enemies in a video game, fighting didn’t seem so difficult. “I’ll do
it,” she said, looking back at Akame.
Nanba’s eyes widened behind his glasses. “Huh?! Haruka-chan, think about this!”
“Well, if she’s in, I’m sure as hell in,” Kaito laughed, cracking his knuckles. Higashi stood by him
as well and nodded.
“You can’t be serious…” Saeko sighed. “Well… I guess it can’t be helped, then. I’m in, too.”
Seonhee chuckled. “Sounds like fun. Count me in.”
Amasawa laughed and glanced at Nanba. “Well, Nanba-san? Are you sitting in the spectator box
with me?”
Nanba groaned and shook his head. “Agh! Fine… I’m in, too. Man, I hope whoever we’re going up
against isn’t that tough…”
***
In the coliseum lobby area, Kiryu and Kasuga were not having an easy time finding somebody who
could get them to Akame. No matter who they asked, nobody had any connections, or was willing
to share them. “Shit… what now, Kiryu-san?” Kasuga asked.
“Hmm… there’s only one other way I can think of that would get Akame’s attention…” Kiryu said
as his eyes moved to the reception desk.
“Oh, you’re out of your damn mind,” Adachi groaned. “I am NOT going in there with those
gorillas!”
“Gorillas? No, no gorillas,” Kiryu denied, taking his words a bit too literally. “Tigers and bears, on
the other hand…”
“W-what the hell?!” Adachi exclaimed.
“Hey, it’s cool,” Kasuga assuaged his fears, grinning. “Kiryu-san and I can take the coliseum
ourselves. You guys can sit back and watch.”
“Are you sure, Kasuga?” Kiryu asked. “I have no problems heading in there alone.”
“No way! A chance to fight side by side with you? I’m not letting that pass me up.”
Taichi grinned. “Heh. Do they have popcorn here?” he asked.
“I believe I did see a concession stand upstairs,” Joongi confirmed. “It would be nice to sit back
and enjoy the show, for once.”
“Mm, no butter, though. I need to watch my cholesterol,” Adachi sighed as the party started to
make their way upstairs.

Kiryu nodded, and looked towards the reception desk. “I move a bit faster than you might be used
to, Kasuga,” he warned. “Are you ready for this?”
“Hell yeah,” Kasuga said, his voice a low growl as he grinned in anticipation. “Let’s see what two
dragons can do!”
***
Taichi led Adachi, Zhao, Joongi Han, and Sugiura to their seats, a massive bucket of popcorn in his
arms, and sat down. “This is gonna rule,” he chuckled.
“Quite,” a teenaged girl sitting next to him said. “I’ve been waiting for an opportunity to analyze
my friends’ fighting prowess.”
Taichi raised an eyebrow at her. “Huh? You’ve got friends in there? No offense, but… aren’t you a
bit young for this?”
The girl flashed an annoyed look at him. “I’m 19.”
“…Drinking age is 20, that’s all I’m saying.”
“In any case, the party I’m with is poised to clean house.”
“You wanna make a bet?” Taichi asked, grinning. “Fifty Gs says my group whoops your group’s
ass, uh…”
“Amasawa,” the girl said, answering his yet-unspoken question. “And you’re on. ¥50,000 to the
winner.”
“Heh. Easy money. Which group is yours, anyway?”
Two brackets were running concurrently; one was on the larger ground floor cage, and the other
was on the suspended cage hanging above. Amasawa pointed to the lower of the two coliseum’s
cages. “That’s my party, right there.”
Taichi narrowed his eyes at the combatants that were entering the lower cage. “Huh, pretty strangelooking group,” he muttered. “Real gorilla right there, but as for the rest… They don’t seem so
tough. There’s a lotta women in that cage, though... Uncle Kaz’s gonna have problems with that,”
he muttered as he glanced up at the suspended cage, where Kiryu and Kasuga were getting ready to
fight their enemies. “Wait…” he glanced back down at the lower cage. From this distance, he
couldn’t quite make out their faces, but the leader’s attire was definitely familiar to him. “That’s…”
“Haruka Sawamura,” Amasawa confirmed smugly, causing Taichi to gasp and his eyes to widen.
“You might’ve heard of her. She just broke out of prison. Your group has a tough fight on their
hands.”
Nearby, Sugiura crossed his arms. “Oh, brother…” he muttered, his voice muffled slightly by his
jester mask.
“Haruka?!” Taichi exclaimed in a hushed tone. “What’s she…?!” His eyes darted to Haruka’s group
on the lower floor, and then to Kiryu and Kasuga on the upper. If both of them won the fights ahead
of them… they’d be destined to meet in the final match. “Oh. Oh, crap!”

“That’s not good…” Adachi groaned.
“Should we… intervene?” Joongi asked.
Zhao shook his head. “What can we do? The fights have already begun…”
“Nervous?” Amasawa taunted obliviously. “You should be. They’re a lot tougher than they look.
When they meet your fighters… this entire coliseum is in for a show.”

Chapter 42: Mass Destruction
Kiryu and Kasuga stepped forward into the ring, ready to duke it out with their first opponents.
Kiryu being Kiryu, he couldn’t help but get a little competitive about it. “Let’s see if you can keep
up, Kasuga,” he said, smirking as he cracked his knuckles.
Kasuga grinned at this challenge. “I might not be on your level yet, but there’s time for that to
change still. Now let’s kick some ass, okay, Kiryu-san?!”
“Heh. You got it.”
Their first opponents were a pair of fighters from America; two retired boxers who grew bored with
the UFC and sought excitement in underground fighting. They weren’t as fast as they used to be,
but they supposedly could still hit as hard.
ICHIBAN KASUGA, The Hero of Yokohama & JORYU, The Man Who Erased His Name
VERSUS
EARL FAIRWEATHER & RYAN MACDONALD
UFC Heavyweight Champions
Kiryu and Kasuga ran at their opponents and each threw their own punches; Kiryu landed a solid
first hit, while Kasuga’s opponent dodged the attack and retaliated with a swift right hook.
Undeterred, Kasuga readied a tenacious fist, winding his arm up and slamming it into the boxer’s
face, doing quite a bit of damage to it.
As they fought, Kiryu found himself analyzing Kasuga’s moves, being able for once to do so not as
an opponent, but as an ally. Kasuga it seemed, like Kiryu, had two basic fighting styles he tended to
gravitate towards; his first was a pragmatic street fighting-influenced hand-to-hand style he called
“Freelancer”, which, while clearly cobbled together with no real formal training, still seemed to hit
pretty hard, although it wasn’t terribly versatile. It reminded Kiryu of a less-refined version of his
own Brawler style from back in the day, although Kasuga had quite a few unique moves to go with
it. He threw a ruffian’s kick at Fairweather, then followed this up with a wide right hook, a left
hook, and an uppercut, which launched Fairweather in the air. Kiryu took this opportunity to use a
wheel kick to slam him back into the ground.
MacDonald retaliated against the attack on his partner with a swift strike against Kiryu’s back,
stunning him. Kasuga grabbed MacDonald to get him away from Kiryu and slammed him into the
cage walls. MacDonald slid down the wall as he tried to regain his footing, but Kasuga knee’d him
in the face, knocking him out.
Upon recovering, Kiryu attacked Fairweather with a left jab, a right hook, a left gut punch, and a
right cross, finishing with an uppercut and a roundhouse kick, and finally his iconic high kick,
knocking Fairweather out of the fight as well. The crowd cheered once it became clear that the duo
had won.
“Good work, Kasuga,” Kiryu praised his companion.

“Ah, shit, Kiryu-san, you’re gonna make me blush!” Kasuga chuckled.
“I’m serious. You really can fight, when you decide to go all out.” A question appeared on Kiryu’s
face as he realized that Kasuga was often holding back whenever he fought, a concept that was
foreign to him. “Say, Kasuga… why don’t you always go all out?”
“Heh. I’m just doing what a hero would do. It gives the other guy a chance to fight back, y’know?
A fight isn’t very fun if it’s a one-hit KO.” Kasuga chuckled as EMTs arrived to drag their former
opponents out of the ring. “I mean… Of course, I gotta step my game up when I’m with you,
Kiryu-san, but most of the time, I want my opponents to have a fighting chance. Hey… you should
give it a try sometime!”
Kiryu raised an eyebrow, betraying the confusion hidden behind his sunglasses. “What?”
“You know… the whole hero thing!” Kasuga laughed. “It’s a lot of fun!”
Kiryu scoffed and shook his head. “Hmph. If I ever see the world the way you do, kill me.”
“Heh… that’s fine. I think you’re cool the way you are, anik— uh… K-Kiryu-san.”
“Hm? What was that?”
“N-nothing. Let’s just get ready for our next fight…”
From the stands, Taichi groaned as Kasuga and Kiryu moved to the next seed, then glanced down at
the lower cage to see how Haruka’s fight was going. Unsurprisingly to anyone paying attention
thus far, her party of misfits had beaten the goons that were thrown at them in the last round with
ease. Haruka refused to relax, however, knowing that the next bout would be more difficult.
“What do you think they’re throwing at us next?” Nanba asked as he stretched. “Ah, shit, my
back…”
“No idea,” Haruka muttered. “But we should be prepared for anything.”
“Ladies and gentlemen, put your hands together for… The Dragon of Dojima, the Fourth Chairman
of the Tojo Clan… KAZUMA KIRYU!!!!”
The crowd cheered, and Haruka’s eyes widened. “What?!”
Rolling eyes fall…
Into the ring stepped a man in a slate gray suit over a red dress shirt.
Ruling dies out…
His jet black hair was slicked back in a classic yakuza perm, and he smirked as he cracked his
knuckles.
Rolling eyes… fall?
Haruka stared at her opponent, then raised an eyebrow and tilted her head. “Um… Uncle Kaz…
you’ve… put on some weight.”

Indeed, “Kiryu” was a bit chubbier than she remembered. His face did not match Kiryu’s at all. He
didn’t even seem to recognize her. “Heh… so you’re my challenger, huh?” he chuckled. “This will
be a piece of cake.”
“Uncle Kaz does… not sound like that,” Haruka muttered, shaking her head. “Figures a place like
this would have imposters.”
“Kiryu” scoffed. “Imposter? Please. You’d have to have a death wish to impersonate the one, the
only, Dragon of Dojima!” He held his hands out, and the crowd cheered him on as he egged them
on. “What’s a little girl like you doing challenging me, anyway? Don’t you know how many battles
I’ve won? I killed Akira Nishikiyama, Patriarch of the Nishikiyama Family!” The crowd cheered.
“Ryuji Goda, of the Omi Alliance!” More cheers. “Yoshitake Mine… all of these and more fell
before me, begging for mercy. So if you want to die… then step up!”
“This guy’s the worst LARPer I’ve ever seen,” Seonhee laughed. “What do you say we put him in
his place?”
“Gladly,” Haruka replied in a low growl, and got into a combat stance. “Kiryu” yelled out and ran
at her, though she didn’t flinch. He tried to hit her with a roundhouse kick, but she quickly ducked
under it and darted forwards, skillfully sliding across the ground right underneath his foot as he
completed his kick.
“KAZUMA KIRYU”
Verified, Subscribed to Chatter Premium
Haruka quickly pivoted on her toe and stood up, then tossed her head slightly back to get her hair
out of her eyes. “Bring it,” she taunted as the Kiryu imposter regained his balance and growled.
“Tch. You’re cocky, aren’t you?” he asked. “Fine then. I won’t go easy on you!”
Kaito grinned as he and the rest of Haruka’s allies got ready to fight the squad of goons that was
coming out to back Fake Kiryu. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say she was starting to enjoy this,”
he chuckled. “Yo, Higashi. Why don’t you and I handle the goons? Haruka-chan and the others can
take care of the ‘Fourth Chairman’.”
Higashi nodded. “You got it.”
With Kaito and Higashi focused on the randos swarming the party, Haruka, Saeko, Nanba, and
Seonhee were able to focus on Fake Kiryu. “Say… did Kiryu-san ever need goons?” Saeko asked.
“Nope,” Haruka replied flatly. “He’s a one-man army. What would he need goons for?”
“For real… Guy laid an ass-whooping on all seven of us by himself last time,” Nanba said, wincing
slightly when he remembered the pain the Dragon put him through. “He’s not somebody I’d like to
fight again.”
“He never laid hands on me,” Saeko said, perking up. “Except when I came at him while he was
stanced… And he countered me… that hurt like a bitch.”
“You got Tiger Dropped and survived? That’s impressive,” Haruka said.
“There’s a name for it?!” Nanba exclaimed.

“As much as I love reminiscing, can we focus on the fight at hand?” Seonhee admonished the party.
“Reminiscing? You weren’t even there!” Nanba argued.
“No, I got to watch a hunk beat up a bunch of losers from afar,” Seonhee chuckled. “Now… let’s
give it everything we got!”
“…Hunk?” Haruka asked with a tilt of her head, confused and a little disturbed. She shook the
thought away and made the first move, running at Fake Kiryu and hitting him with a right low kick,
a mid left kick, and a double roundhouse kick, which knocked him down. He quickly stood up and
tried to grab Haruka. She was agile enough to roll backwards and dodge it, resulting in a miss and
the end of his turn.
Saeko was up next. She pulled out a bottle of champagne and shook it, popping the top off and
beaning him in the forehead, dealing a surprising amount of damage; the resulting spray of alcohol
drenched him, and he found himself dealing with a cold. She then chucked the empty bottle at his
face, doing even more damage.
Nanba chugged his own bottle of liquor and held a lighter in front of his face, igniting the alcohol
in his breath and spewing the flames out at Fake Kiryu, igniting his clothing. “Ah! Hot! Hot!” he
cried out as he patted his clothes to put the fire out.
At the start of her turn, Seonhee jumped at him, legs first, and gripped his sides with her thighs,
then twisted her legs to send him to the ground. She let go of him at terminal velocity and landed
gracefully on her feet, while Fake Kiryu hit the ground, hard. He groaned in pain as he stood up.
With her turn coming back around, Haruka decided to make use of a tool she’d received at the start
of her journey. She pulled her phone out and tapped the Poundmates app, which seemed to have
gained a lot of new users since she last used it. Frantically, she navigated the app’s menus, looking
for a new profile. She swiped and tapped faster and faster, static electricity sparking from her finger
as she did so, before she finally found the icon of a tough-looking ally… and somebody that Kaito
mentioned to her earlier.
“Please…” she said as she tapped the icon, then held the phone up to the sky. “I NEED YOUR
HELP!” she shouted to the heavens. A beam of light emanated from her phone and shot into the
sky above.
A new ally jumped into action, landing on the battlefield between Haruka and her opponent. He
was a middle-aged man with short black hair and a thin goatee, wearing a brown leather jacket,
black jeans, and a pair of dark brown leather combat boots. “Who’s the bully you want me to take
care of?” he asked as he turned to face Fake Kiryu.
JIN KUWANA
Handyman of Ijincho
“I’ll show you true suffering!” Kuwana yelled out. He threw a right cross, a left back fist, and a
right roundhouse kick at Fake Kiryu, then jumped at him with a running knee attack, dazing the
imposter. When Fake Kiryu regained his senses, he felt cold, and looked around; realizing he was
trapped in a freezer, he panicked, and looked back at Kuwana, who stood by the (imaginary) freezer
door. “Your actions have consequences,” he said in a low growl. “A pity you didn’t realize… until
it was too late.” He then stepped out of the freezer and shut the door, trapping Fake Kiryu.

As with before, Haruka came out of the fantasy having done a great deal of damage to her enemy,
and his cold had worsened. This became apparent when his turn came around and he coughed
violently, dealing extra damage before he could move. He was beginning to grow tired of this. He
yelled out, and a fiery red Heat aura started to radiate from his body. “No more fucking around!” he
exclaimed.
“Oh, shit, he’s pissed now!” Nanba said.
“Yeah… look at that aura,” Haruka responded, worried. “We don’t know what he’s gonna do next.”
“Uh… what?” Nanba asked.
“His… aura?” Saeko said, similarly confused.
“You know, his… You guys can’t see it, can you?” Haruka said before letting out a resigned sigh.
“Okay… Never mind…” Fake Kiryu made his move, running at Haruka and drop kicking her in the
chest, sending her soaring backwards. “Ah!” she exclaimed. Time seemed to slow down as she hit
the ground, and the arena around her suddenly faded away, the cold and empty void of death taking
its place.
She laid on the ground, barely able to move as her heartbeat slowed… It felt like it was only
beating once per second, driven by an imaginary countdown to zero. “Damn it…” she muttered to
herself as she waited for death to consume her. She had come so far, only to be defeated by a faker
usurping her father’s name. Was this really how her story ended?
No… it couldn’t be. This wasn’t how things were supposed to go. Slowly, her fingers twitched. Her
pulse started to quicken. Her eyes shot open, and she glared up at the arena’s ceiling. “No… I won’t
be stopped here!” she exclaimed dramatically as she stood up, rejuvenated. She was bruised, but
she refused to be beaten.
Nanba rolled his eyes. “Drama queen,” he muttered.
“Haven’t had enough?” the imposter chuckled as his red heat aura reappeared, signaling to Haruka
that his attacks would still be of increased power going forward. “It doesn’t matter. I’ll finish you
off soon enough!”
It was Saeko’s turn again. “Hope you’re ready!” she growled at her opponent as she approached
him with a powder puff in her hand. She grabbed him with her empty hand, shoved the powder puff
into his face, and flipped him over onto his back. Nanba took this opportunity to run at him and
slam his umbrella over his body, dealing critical damage. Fake Kiryu stood up after this attack.
On her turn, Seonhee pulled a crossbow out—where she got it, Haruka wasn’t sure—and shot Fake
Kiryu in the face. “I’m… so glad you’re on my side…” Haruka muttered.
“Most people would be,” Seonhee said, smirking.
After Nanba spread birdseed over the arena and directed a flock of pigeons to attack, it was
Haruka’s turn once again. She needed to end this fight, soon, because it looked like the imposter
was getting more pissed by the second. She approached him and raised her hand up high. “Ora
doushita?” she asked calmly as she threw her hand down and bitch-slapped him as hard as she
could, sending him tumbling to the ground so hard that he actually bounced off of it. It did a lot of

damage, but it wasn’t enough, and he stood back up a moment later. She figured that maybe one
more go around would be enough.
Growling, the imposter hit Haruka with a right hook, a left uppercut, and a roundhouse kick. Saeko
used her turn to simply knee him in the groin, while Seonhee chucked a flashbang grenade at him.
Nanba again chugged liquor and spat fire, but this time, Haruka noticed that he took extra damage
from the flames… almost as if he had some sort of elemental weakness to fire. “That’s proof that
you’re a fraud,” she taunted. “Real dragons are weak to ice, not fire.”
“Do you hear yourself, right now?” Nanba groaned.
“If only there was some way we could capitalize on his weaknesses…” Haruka muttered to herself,
ignoring Nanba as she put a finger to her chin, lost in thought.
Kaito punched the last of Fake Kiryu’s goons into unconsciousness, and he and Higashi rejoined
the rest of the party. “Look, frankly, I don’t know what the hell you’re going on about, but the
dude’s clearly dazed from that attack. Why don’t we all just wail on him while he’s out of it and be
done with this?”
Haruka’s eyes widened, and she smiled. “An all-out attack, just like in Persona! Good thinking,
Kaito-san!”
“Uh… like in what, now?”
Haruka gained a new ability right then and there, and she would be remiss not to use it. Any time a
group of enemies—or, in the case, the last remaining enemy—was knocked down, be it from
critical damage or an elemental weakness, she would be able to use this ability, which relied on the
strength of her friends.
TAG TEAM: ESSENCE OF MASS DESTRUCTION
“Let’s get them, guys!” Haruka commanded, pointing at her enemy. Following her lead, the party
ran at Fake Kiryu, ready to kick some ass. Haruka started the attack by kicking him in the face a
few times, using moves she had seen Shun Akiyama use. She then kicked him in the chest and sent
him stumbling backwards into Saeko, who swung at him with her handbag, then delivered a sharp
kick to his ass, sending him into Nanba. Nanba sprinkled a handful of birdseed over the area, and a
flock of pigeons swarmed Fake Kiryu and picked him up by his suit, flying him over the arena and
dropping him in front of Seonhee, who stomped on his face with her heels; this was something that
some men dreamed of, but Fake Kiryu was not among them.
Concussed, he stood up, then gasped; Kaito was soaring towards him feet-first with his famed
Kaito Rocket dropkick. Fake Kiryu lost several teeth when Kaito’s shoes made contact with his
face, and he reeled backwards, straight into Higashi’s tanto, which buried itself deep in his gut.
Smirking, Higashi lifted his knife, causing the man immense pain, and yanked the blade out, then
roundhouse kicked him, sending him backwards.
Bruised and bleeding, Fake Kiryu thought the worst was over, until he glanced up; Haruka and the
others were running at him again, preparing for a final attack.
“This is our ALL-OUT ATTACK!” she exclaimed as she jumped in the air and performed a front
flip kick. As she did so, her wrist tattoo glowed, and an apparition of a Chinese dragon emerged
from it, roaring and flying straight towards Fake Kiryu. The dragon collided with him, sending him

to the ground for good, and then soared into the sky and exploded into a ball of flames. A phoenix
emerged from within the flames, and with a caw, flapped its wings and spread its energy over
Haruka and her party, healing them completely, before fading away as Haruka’s vision returned to
the realm of reality, the arena fading back into view around her.
The imposter was defeated; Fake Kiryu lay unconscious on the ground before them. The crowd was
in shock. The legendary dragon, or the one they’d been led to believe was him anyway, had been
felled. “I can not believe this, folks!” the announcer exclaimed. “The legendary Dragon of
Dojima… has been defeated!” The crowd erupted into cheers.
From the stands, Taichi put his hands over his face. “Aw, man… This is really bad…”
“Hanawa’s gonna throw a fit for sure,” Adachi chuckled. “Unless, of course, Haruka-chan gets
knocked out of the tournament before she and Kiryu meet.”
This gave Taichi an idea. “Sugiura-san… Can you get in there before the next match?”
Sugiura shook his head. “Kaito and Higashi are down there. They know me, even with the mask.”
“You’re not with us, though,” Taichi replied. “You’re just a fighter in the coliseum, who happens to
be their next opponent. They might suspect something’s up if they see you… but they won’t be able
to figure out what that something is.”
Sugiura shrugged. “Fair enough. Let’s see if I can get in there…”
***
Kiryu and Kasuga’s next fight was against eight people, not that their numbers really did much.
This time, Kasuga used his other fighting style, which he dubbed “Hero”. It reminded Kiryu of
Goro Majima’s Slugger style, which he had seen him use in more than a few fights back in 2005.
They defeated their opponents with relative ease, thanks in part to the crowd management skills
that Kasuga possessed in his secondary fighting style, and the crowd again cheered for them as they
stood over their defeated enemies.
“Man… they’re really digging us, Kiryu-san!” Kasuga laughed, grinning. “We should do this more
often!”
“Hmm. Don’t forget what we’re here for.”
Kasuga nodded. “Of course. The good news is, we’ve made it to the semi-finals… There’s one guy
left, and then whoever’s winning the other bracket is our next opponent after that.”
Kiryu hummed. “Whoever it is, they must be strong… I’m getting sort of excited thinking about
it…”
***
After a quick break, Haruka’s party returned to the ring to face their next opponent. “These are the
semi-finals,” Haruka explained. “We just have to beat whoever’s in here, and then there’s one
opponent left after that, and then we’ll have proven to Akame that she can count on us. Then, it’s
back to Sotenbori… and hopefully, closer to Haruto.”

“Heh, we all deserve a vacation after this,” Kaito chuckled. “I was thinkin’ of takin’ Mikiko and
Jun to Hawaii. You all should come, too.”
“If we can afford to…” Saeko mumbled.
“Ladies and gentlemen…” the announcer began as their next opponent entered the octagon. “This
mysterious stranger volunteered to go up against the team that’s been kicking ass all night… and
frankly, we all love to see a good ass-kicking, so we let him in. Put your hands together for…
JESTER!!!” The crowd cheered as a large spotlight lit up, shining directly on Jester, an athleticlooking man in a black denim jacket over a white hoodie wearing a white jester mask. Kaito and
Higashi gasped.
“What the hell…?” Kaito asked.
Jester simply held his hand up and gave the men a small wave. “Hey, guys,” he greeted.
“Kaito-san… do you know this guy?” Haruka asked.
“That’s Fumiya Sugiura, a friend of mine and Tak’s,” Kaito explained. “Sugiura, the hell are you
doing in The Castle?!”
“I… got bored.”
“Like hell you did! You’re supposed to be looking into the Daidoji Faction! That’s what Tak asked
you to do, right?”
“...yeah. No leads.”
“He’s lying,” Higashi grumbled. “Didn’t Yagami say that he saw Sugiura hanging out with Ichiban
Kasuga?”
Kaito nodded. “Yeah… That means Kasuga’s here too, ain’t he?”
Sugiura did not verbally answer. Instead, he got into a fighting stance - one that Haruka had once
seen Kan Ogita use against Shun Akiyama, interestingly - and prepared himself for battle. Haruka
nodded, and got ready for a fight herself. “Who cares why he’s here? He’s just in our way.”
“You got that right,” Kaito growled. “Yo, Sugiura… nothing personal, but we have a tournament to
win, so… We gotta beat your ass now. Sorry, man.”
Sugiura chuckled. “Not so fast… The tournament organizers thought it’d be more interesting if
they upped the stakes. This fight’s one-on-one.”
“That’s fine,” Kaito replied. “I can whoop your ass by myself.”
“Yeah… you probably could. That’s why I’m going up against her.” He pointed at Haruka, causing
her to let out a soft gasp. “Haruka Sawamura… I’ve seen your moves. You’re pretty good. But if
you can’t get by without the help of your allies… How can you be expected to protect the ones you
love if something happens when they’re not around?”
Haruka’s eyes narrowed at him. “How indeed. Fine then. I accept your challenge, Sugiura-san.”
“Haruka, you don’t have to--!” Seonhee started.

“I do,” Haruka replied, cutting her off. “If defeating him is the only way forward… then it’s what
I’ll do. Sugiura-san… there’s a lot at stake here. I can’t afford to fail now. So if you think you can
stop me… then step up!”

Chapter 43: Faster Than Lightning
Chapter Notes

Apologies for the delay, I was overseas for most of August and spent the last couple of weeks
catching up on work, and going back through earlier chapters correcting some mistakes - like
one embarrassingly recent typo where Akame claimed that Ichiban belonged to the Matsugane
Family. Whoops!
I've also been writing a bunch of new substory chapters that I personally think are really fun.
See if you can guess what they're about based on some of the titles below!
-Midnight Mystery at Seiryo High
-Ono Michio: The Next Generation
-The Immortal Dragon
-The Dream Reunion

“Let’s get this party started!” the announcer exclaimed as the fight began. Sugiura was enveloped
by a white flash of light, as was Haruka, and they both took their battle stances.
FUMIYA SUGIURA
Yokohama 99
Haruka was by herself for the first time since her journey began, but she refused to be intimidated.
If it was a fight this Sugiura guy wanted, it was a fight he was going to get. She made the first
move, approaching him and throwing a basic rush combo at him consisting of a right low kick, a
mid left kick, and a double roundhouse kick.
Sugiura simply shrugged the attacks off as his turn came around. He pulled a Red Bull energy drink
out of his pocket, lifted his mask, and chugged the drink, then crushed the can and threw it away
before slotting his mask back onto his face. “Oh yeah, I’m really feeling it now!” he exclaimed.
The caffeine, taurine, and B vitamins pumped him up, allowing him to move twice a turn. He used
his next move to hit Haruka with a lightning fast combo consisting of a hopping right high inward
crescent kick, a right rising kick, and a 180 degree somersault kick.
Haruka’s turn was up. She hit him with a backflip double kick, knocking him down. She then used
this opportunity to make an extra attack, and kicked him across the floor.
Sugiura’s next turn began with him standing up and running at Haruka. He shoved her, dealing no
damage, and Haruka wondered what the point of the attack was… until she felt her pockets and
noticed that they were a bit lighter. “Huh?” she gasped. Chuckling, Sugiura held up her phone.
“Lose something?” he taunted as he pocketed her phone, leaving her unable to call for help using
Poundmates for the duration of the fight. He used his second move to hit her with a spinning right
heel kick and a hand standing roundhouse kick.

“Ah!” she grunted as she stumbled backwards. None of his attacks were hitting particularly hard,
though. “You’re holding back,” she observed.
“Honestly, I’m just trying to win,” Sugiura chuckled. “It’d be a bit fucked up if I went all out here.”
“Well you better start.”
“Huh?”
“You’re making a mistake by underestimating me, Sugiura-san,” Haruka warned. She went on the
offensive, running at him and jumping into the air, hoping to hit him with a running kick. Sugiura
dodged the attack and caused Haruka to kick the wall instead; what he didn’t anticipate, however,
was that Haruka would kick herself off of the wall itself and use this as the jumpoff for another
attack, backflipping towards Sugiura and hitting him with a double downward kick.
“Yeah, come on, Haruka!” Kaito cheered from the back of the cage. “Beat his ass!”
“Isn’t that your friend?” Saeko asked, an eyebrow raised.
“Ah, friends need to be humbled, sometimes,” Kaito chuckled. “I’ve kicked Tak’s ass a few times,
Tak has kicked my ass, we’ve both kicked Higashi’s ass. What’s an ass-kicking among friends?”
Smirking, he leaned in, and his tone dropped to an almost conspiratorial whisper. “Say… you’ve
still got shit you need to settle with Ichiban Kasuga, right? Next time we see him… let’s kick his
ass!”
“I’m good, thanks… Hmm… Actually…”
Haruka’s attention was turned from her party’s conversation back to Sugiura when he taunted her
with a rather obnoxious dance he’d seen on the internet. “Come get me!” he called out.
She knew, however, that he was trying to throw her off, and refused to allow herself to be enraged
by his display of jackassery. “…That’s not funny,” she muttered. Miss!
Sugiura used his second turn to run at her and reverse roundhouse kick her. She was able to guard
against the attack, halving the damage the attack would have done, and retaliated with a knockback
technique that she had seen Kiryu use, dealing a small amount of damage to Sugiura. His Red Bull
wore off that turn, and he returned to only being able to move once a turn. “Ah, man… I think I’m
crashing,” he groaned.
“I’m up!” Haruka exclaimed as her turn came back around. She got on the floor, swept his ankles
with her own, causing his feet to leave the ground, then quickly jumped up and kicked his face,
keeping him in the air a moment longer. If she was a little faster, and wasn’t taking her sweet time
making each move, she could have followed up with further attacks to juggle Sugiura, but alas, she
was not her father, she was not a fighter, and thus her life was turn-based.
Sugiura regained his footing and attacked with a right push kick and a left roundhouse kick. Haruka
retaliated with a roundhouse kick of her own, which connected a little too hard with his face and
shattered his mask, sending bits of plastic flying across the arena. “Ah!” Sugiura yelled out as the
shredded plastic cut his face, leaving him bleeding. “Shit… you’re stronger than you look. A lot
stronger,” he groaned behind his half mask.
“Give up, yet?” Haruka asked.

“I can’t do that. You can’t be allowed to pass.”
“Why not?”
Sugiura discarded the other half of his mask and crossed his arms. “You shouldn’t even be here to
begin with. Go back to Okinawa, Haruka.”
“Huh? Wait… how do you know so much about me?”
“You’re here with Ichiban after all, aren’t you?” Saeko asked.
Haruka narrowed her eyes at Sugiura. “And Joryu.”
“Never heard of him,” Sugiura replied. “Like I said… I’m just trying to win.”
In the stands, Amasawa raised an eyebrow. “Wait… that’s Sugiura-sensei,” she muttered. “That’s
who was behind the mask this whole time?!”
Taichi’s eyes widened. “Y-you know him?”
“He’s my boss,” Amasawa explained as she slowly turned to glare at Taichi. “I’m an intern at
Yokohama 99, in Ijincho. His detective agency. He’s supposed to be in Okinawa. And if he was
with you, that must mean…”
“Ah! W-we don’t know him!” Taichi lied.
Amasawa looked back down into the cage, then up at the smaller cage. “Yagami told Kaito-san that
Sugiura had made contact with Ichiban Kasuga. That’s him, then. The Seiryu Clan asked Haruka to
find him and bring him to Kamurocho. So… who’s the man he’s fighting with?”
Suddenly, Taichi stood up and tapped Adachi’s shoulder. “We need to go, Adachi-san,” he said
urgently.
“Right,” Adachi nodded as he stood up. Joongi Han and Zhao followed.
“Hey!” Amasawa called after them. She stood up and followed. “Get back here!”
Taichi, Adachi, Zhao, and Joongi pushed their way through the crowd as they tried to put some
distance between themselves and Amasawa. “Is she still following us? Goddamn nosy kid,” Adachi
grumbled.
“Wait up!” Amasawa called after them.
Noticing the commotion, the yakuza that Kiryu’s group had encountered earlier rolled his eyes and
stepped in front of Taichi and the others, joined by several others. “Hey. Didn’t I tell you assholes
not to cause any problems?”
“She’s following us, man, we’re just trying to—.” Taichi began, only to be silenced by Adachi.
“Huh?”
“You head back to the lobby and warn Kiryu and Kasuga at the end of their next match,” Adachi
ordered as he pulled out his baton and got ready for a fight. “We’ll hold these guys off.”

Taichi nodded. “Thanks, Adachi-san.” He ran past the yakuza. Amasawa tried to follow him, but
couldn’t make her way past the fight.
“I’d stay back if I were you, kid,” Adachi chuckled. “This is about to get real ugly.”
EX-OMI ALLIANCE GOONS
Adachi, Joongi, and Zhao stood up against several ex-Omi Alliance goons. Their fight took place
simultaneously to the second half of Haruka’s fight with Sugiura, down in the arena. Haruka, being
the fastest of the four, moved first, hitting Sugiura with a double roundhouse kick. On the outside,
Joongi Han was next. He whipped out a karambit knife and hit one of the yakuza with a right hook,
then brought his fist back the other way, slashing the yakuza with the blade in the process. Zhao ran
at that same yakuza with his broadsword and performed a series of flips, bringing the blade down
nigh-impossibly fast and slashing him once more, taking him out of the fight.
“I’m up!” Adachi yelled as he grappled another yakuza and turned him around, shoving him to the
ground and cuffing his wrists, leaving him unable to act and also taking him out of the fight.
Sugiura’s turn was up next. He hit Haruka with a left Thai roundhouse kick, though she could see
the attack coming and was able to guard against it perfectly, taking minimal damage. Back on the
outside, one of the yakuza—who had been partying before the fight and was still quite drunk—
shook and popped a champagne bottle and let the resulting foam spray all over Adachi, giving him
a cold. Another yakuza wielding a steel pipe in a fashion not unlike a certain Dojima Family
lieutenant from the 1980s approached Zhao and swung upwards, briefly sending him into the air.
The third remaining yakuza kicked Zhao as soon as he hit the ground, dealing extra damage.
“Ngh… I feel like I’m not getting anywhere,” Haruka grumbled, frustrated with how long her fight
was taking. “He’s too fast for me.”
“Man, you were raised by the Tojo Clan’s most legendary yakuza!” Kaito exclaimed. “Sugiura’s
not that tough. Open a can of whoopass on him!“
“I’m not like him. I can barely fight without help…”
“I know that ain’t true!” Kaito retorted, shaking his head. “I’ve fought by your side long enough to
know that you’re a lot stronger than you think you are. Hell, you went up against Sawashiro
without even hesitating.”
“But…”
“He’s right, Haruka,” Nanba chimed in. “Right now, that guy’s standing between you and Haruto.
You gotta fight with everything you have if you want to get through this!”
“Everything I have…?”
“There’s a dragon in there somewhere,” Seonhee added. “You just have to unleash it.”
Pushing her sleeve up, Haruka looked down at the tattoo on her wrist. It seemed to almost glow
with an ethereal energy. “Unleash the dragon…” As she glared at Sugiura, her resolve
strengthened.
Saeko smiled softly. “Give him hell, Haruka.”

Haruka nodded. “Yeah. Sugiura-san… It’s time to end this fight.” She was having a revelation. By
expending all of her energy, she’d be able to move as fast as Kiryu could have, and for a short time
break the conventions of the almost turn-based style in which she’d been fighting thus far. This
state wouldn’t last long… but she didn’t need long. She signaled this change by roundhouse
kicking the air, and everyone around her seemed to freeze as she moved like a dragon.
She ran up to him and hit him faster than he could react. She first hit him with a series of left and
right hooks, then roundhouse kicked his face with such intensity that time seemed to slow down;
she followed this up with a sideways push kick of similar intensity; Sugiura fell over, and Haruka
finished the job with a heavy stomp into his chest, taking all of his breath away. The battle lost, he
stared up at her in shock. She simply smiled at him as the crowd cheered, although it was quite
clear that she was out of breath, practically panting from the over exertion.
“HA-RU-KA! HA-RU-KA! HA-RU-KA!”
Adachi finished beating down the last of his group’s enemies and looked into the cage, gasping.
“Holy shit… she won.”
“There was never any doubt in my mind,” Joongi chuckled. “She’s always been strong-willed.
Even the real Joongi Han thought so. But I suppose that’s a story for another day.”
Zhao frowned. “Still… Kiryu-san’s about to have a rude awakening.”
The chants continued, and Haruka let out a breathless chuckle. “Hah… I… I told you not to
underestimate me… Sugiura-san,” she said as she removed her foot and held her hand out. “Now…
Why don’t you tell me what you know about Joryu?”
Sugiura seemed at a loss for words for a moment. That moment passed, however, and he smirked as
he grabbed her hand and allowed her to pull him to his feet. “Tch. You’re pretty determined, I’ll
give you that much. Keep going like this… and you’ll find the answers you seek sooner than you
think.”
“Huh? What does that mean?”
“I’ll let you figure that out for yourself.” Sugiura glanced at Kaito and Higashi and gave them a
small wave, then turned and walked towards the arena’s exit.
“Well that was… cryptic,” Saeko muttered.
***
Kiryu and Kasuga ran at their opponent, a legendary arena fighter named Tatsuya Ukyo, who once
conquered the Kamurocho and Sotenbori underground fight scenes. Known as the Mad Dragon of
Kamurocho, he was proving to be a challenging fight—at least for Kasuga, who took more hits
than he’d have liked during the fight. Both tried to kick him, though he blocked them from both
sides with crossed arms, then threw a roundhouse kick at Kasuga. That kick, it seemed, was one too
many, as it knocked him out cold.
“Kasuga!” Kiryu yelled out as Kasuga hit the ground. “Ngh… Come at me!” He yelled again and
ran at Tatsuya, attacking him with a flying knee kick which made direct contact with his face. He
didn’t give him time to react and threw a roundhouse kick at him. Tatsuya ran at Kiryu to try and
retaliate, but Kiryu countered with a Komaki Tiger Drop, knocking Tatsuya to the ground. “Nice

try, kid,” he said derisively. “But you’re not even in the same league as me. Now then…” Kiryu
turned to look at Kasuga’s body, and approached him and knelt by him.
“Ugh…” Kasuga groaned.
“Kasuga… are you okay?” Kiryu asked.
“Heh… you’re worried about me, Kiryu-san? I’d be flattered if I wasn’t so embarrassed.”
“You took quite a hit back there. Maybe you should rest.”
“Yeah… I think you’re right…” Kasuga let out a frustrated groan. “Ugh… So much for backing
you up.”
“Kasuga, I couldn’t have gotten as far as I did without you,” Kiryu assured him. “But I’ll win the
next fight, and get us that audience with Akame. You just meet back up with your friends and let
them know I’m on my way back out.”
“Will do… Kiryu-san…” Kasuga mumbled as two EMTs arrived and placed him on a stretcher.
They wheeled him to a separate cage, which descended to the lobby, where Taichi was waiting. His
eyes widened when he saw Kasuga’s condition.
“A-ah! Kasuga! Are you okay?!” he asked.
“I’ll live,” Kasuga grumbled. “Just took one hit too many, that’s all.”
“Where’s Uncle Kaz?”
“He’s moving on to the next fight. Why?”
“Ah… this is bad…”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Taichi-san, is everything okay?”
Taichi frowned, and shook his head. “Kasuga… Haruka’s here. She’s in The Castle.”
“Huh? Seriously?!”
“Yeah. And… I think she’s his next opponent.“
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “Oh… oh, shit…”
***
“Ladies and gentlemen… We now present to you… our final matchup of the evening!” The crowd
roared, and the Sawamura Party was feeling more confident than ever. Haruka was even beginning
to like the attention.
“You look pumped,” Nanba chuckled as he itched his nose with his index finger.
“Yeah. A far cry from the woman I met in Koreatown,” Seonhee added. “You’re ready to win this. I
can tell.”

“I hear our next opponent is a one-man army,” Haruka said. “So as confident as I am, we can’t get
cocky.”
“I wonder who it is?” Saeko asked with a tilt of her head.
Kazuma Kiryu approached the arena’s entrance, cracking his knuckles. He was trying to decide
what the best way to enter would be. He needed to get Akame’s attention, after all. “Hm… I need
something simple, but dramatic.”
A yakuza standing by the gate nodded at Kiryu as he approached. “Your next opponent's pretty
tough,” he warned. “A lot tougher than they look.”
Kiryu smirked. “Good. I was worried this would be boring.”
“People are saying they’re like a dragon.”
“Oh really? Heh. We’ll see. Open the gate.”
On the outside, Haruka’s party braced themselves as the large gate behind which their final
opponent stood started to rise. “Get ready, guys,” she said.
The gate rose slowly and dramatically, to reveal their opponent, who stood with his back faced to
them so that they couldn’t see his face, nor he theirs. He wore gray slacks and a black shirt, and had
graying black hair. Although they couldn’t see his face… something about the way he carried
himself seemed familiar to Haruka.
“So, you’re the last one standing in my way,” the man said in a low voice. “They’re telling me
you’re strong. That you’ve overcome great adversity to get here. Well… I’m sorry to tell you… but
your journey ends here. Because I intend to win this fight. Decisively.”
“We’ve heard it all before,” Nanba dismissed. “Our leader hasn’t backed down from a challenge
yet. You’re not so tough!”
“Is that so?” The man chuckled. “Heh. I’m glad. Because to be honest… a fight isn’t a fight if it
isn't a challenge. Even so… I will emerge victorious. So if you want to die…” he began his famous
catch phrase as he turned to face his opponents, his eyes obscured by a pair of sunglasses. “Then…
h-huh?!” he let out gasp as he stared at his opponents.
Haruka Sawamura stood on the other end of the arena, too far to make out his face… and yet, far
closer than he’d been to her in six years.
“What…?” he said in a low gasp. “H-how?”
“Hey, wait…” Kaito said, raising his scarred eyebrow. “He looks… familiar.”
Haruka tilted her head at her opponent, who simply stood there in shock. “Hm? Hey, mister… Do I
know you?” She started to step closer—and in response, he stepped back. Was it fear? It seemed to
be, but…
Taichi and most of the others had been ejected from The Castle for causing problems. However, in
the stands, an injured Kasuga and Sugiura, as well as Amasawa, watched the exchange. Kasuga had
his arms crossed and a serious look on his face. “Come on, Kiryu-san…“ he muttered to himself.
“The jig is up. Just… hug her, or something.”

“So… that’s Kazuma Kiryu, isn’t it?” Amasawa asked, turning to Sugiura. He nodded.
“Yeah. Yeah, it is,” he admitted.
Haruka again took a step towards her opponent, who again took a step backwards. “What are you
doing?” she asked. “Who… are you?” The man turned his back to her. “Huh? Hey, what’s the big
idea? Are you afraid to face me?”
The man let out a shuddering sigh. It almost sounded… like a sob. Then, he took a step forward,
away from her, and back into the hall from which he came. He walked away from her without a
further answer, leaving the crowd in shock.
“I… don’t believe what I’m seeing, folks!” the announcer said, in shock himself. “It appears… that
one of our finalists has forfeited, making Haruka Sawamura and her team our winner!”
The crowd cheered for Haruka, but unlike before, she wasn’t feeling the love. Instead, she felt
confused… and sad.
“Who…?” she muttered.
In her box, Akame watched the entire scene unfold, a lit cigarette between her fingers and a sad
look in her eyes. “Joryu…” she muttered, disappointed.

Chapter 44: Four Conflicted Souls
“You saw who?!” Hanawa exclaimed.
Kiryu sat on a park bench in Sotenbori, smoking a cigarette and speaking with Hanawa over the
phone. “Haruka was at The Castle,” he muttered. “She entered the same tournament I did.”
“Kiryu… did she see your face?”
Kiryu shook his head, not that Hanawa could see. “No. At least… I don’t think so. I left—fled,
more like—before she could get a good look. The question is… why? Why is she in Osaka?”
“For the same reason you are, I presume,” Hanawa sighed. “She must have figured out somehow
about Mabuchi and Watanabe, and came here to get Haruto back.”
“She’s putting herself at risk unnecessarily.”
“Remind you of somebody you know?”
“Very funny.”
“At least something is tonight. Kiryu, she can not see you again.”
Kiryu nodded. “I know. But I can’t very well leave Sotenbori while Haruto’s in danger.”
Hanawa groaned. “Agh… I know. Shit. Shit, shit, shit! …You’re sure she didn’t see your face?”
Kiryu nodded again. “Positive. Although… She's not stupid. She might figure it out anyway, if she
hasn’t already.”
“This isn’t good…”
“…I know. I’ll keep you updated.” He ended the call and looked up at Kasuga and Taichi, who
stood nearby, their arms crossed. He sighed, and looked away from them. “This is really bad…”
“Hey, I know you don’t really want my advice, but here it is anyway,” Kasuga said. “Haruka-chan
already knows something’s up. She has to. She’s going to figure out who that was in the arena
eventually. And even if she doesn’t… odds are she knows, or at least believes, that you’re alive.”
Taichi nodded. “Uncle Kaz… she’s always believed that you survived, even if she didn’t say so
herself. So she’s more likely than not already figured out who ‘Joryu’ is.”
“On top of that, she’s partied up with my friends,” Kasuga continued. “And they know your face.
How could they not?”
“Seonhee’s on the Daidoji’s payroll,” Kiryu reasoned. “She’d have prevented Haruka from finding
out.”
“If Seonhee were that concerned about the money, she wouldn’t have even let Haruka leave
Ijincho,” Kasuga retorted.

“No… Haruka’s strong-willed. She’s stronger than me, in some respects. Seonhee couldn’t stop her
from doing much.”
“God dammit, you’re missing the point,” Kasuga grumbled. “Your secret is out! Haruka either
knows you’re alive, or is inches away from figuring it out. So why don’t you close the gap, huh?
What the hell are you so afraid of, Kiryu-san?” he exclaimed.
Kiryu looked up at him, glaring. “Hm?”
“Man up, you coward- oh shit.” Kasuga flinched and shrank as Kiryu stood up and got entirely too
close to Kasuga, a rather frightening look in his eyes.
“I didn’t quite catch that,” Kiryu said in a low growl. “Mind repeating yourself?”
“Y-you can’t bully your way to being right,” Kasuga replied, standing his ground even though he
quite frankly was terrified that Kiryu was about to beat the shit out of him. “All I’m saying is… this
Daidoji Faction experiment? It’s coming to an end. The writing is on the wall, man.”
Kiryu glared at Kasuga a moment longer, before relaxing and backing up from him. “Perhaps
you’re right,” he sighed.
“Look, Kiryu-san… it’s time to start thinking about what comes next for you. You gotta—.” The
conversation was cut short by Kasuga’s ringtone. “Huh? Who’s calling me now?” He pulled his
phone out of his pocket and gasped. “Huh?! O-oh, shit…”
Mukoda Saeko
***
“Pick up, Ichiban, you piece of shit…” Saeko grumbled.
She, Haruka, and the rest of the party stood outside Akame’s office. After having fought Sugiura,
and the strange behavior of their final opponent, she decided to call Kasuga, who Sugiura had last
been seen with. The phone rang several times, before finally going to voicemail.
“Yo, it’s Kasuga. Leave a message.”
This was followed by a beep, and Saeko ended the call. “Asshole!” she exclaimed.
“It’s okay, Sa-chan,” Haruka said. “I have a feeling we’ll be seeing him soon.” And then he and Sachan can make up, and I’ll be alone again.
“Hey, Haruka-chan… you alright?” Kaito asked, placing a hand on Haruka’s shoulder.
She smiled and nodded, though there was a sad look in her eyes behind the smile. “Yeah. We won
the tournament, didn’t we?”
“You know that ain’t what I met. And you,” Kaito growled, turning to Amasawa. “What did
Sugiura have to say for himself?”
Amasawa frowned and thought back to what Sugiura told her just before she regrouped with
Haruka.

“Listen, Amasawa… Haruka can’t know who that was in the arena,” he said.
“What? Why not?”
Sugiura sighed. “Because if she comes face to face with Kiryu-san again… the consequences for
both of them could be dire.”
“Huh? What do you mean?”
“Just trust me… okay? We’re working on a solution. But it requires that Haruka stays in the dark a
little while longer.”
In the present, Amasawa shook her head. “He said… He’s following the Saio Triad’s movements.
Him and Kasuga both are.”
Saeko got a sad look in her eyes and looked down at the ground. “Ngh… Ichiban… What are you
hiding?”
Haruka shook her head. “You’ll be able to ask him soon enough. Come on.” She opened the door
and entered the room, where Akame was waiting. She had a troubled look on her face. “Akamesan. Is everything okay?”
Akame nodded. “Yeah. Just can’t wait to get back to Osaka. Congratulations, by the way.”
“Sure is too bad that the last opponent chickened out,” Nanba scoffed. “The nerve of that guy!”
“Hey, a win is a win,” Akame assured them. “And a promise is a promise. I’ll do everything I can
to help you. We just need to head into Sotenbori so I can get my information network reestablished.”
“Aren’t you worried about the triads trying to take you out?” Higashi asked.
“With you guys around, I don’t have to worry. Finish up anything you guys need to do here, and
then we’re flying back to Osaka.”
Tsuruno entered the room, flanked by two ex-Omi Alliance yakuza. “Boss, the chopper is all set for
you. Just say the word, and we’re heading back to Sotenbori. And don’t worry. My boys will keep
The Castle running smoothly in your stead, so whenever you wanna come back, the place will be in
good shape.”
Akame nodded. “Thank you, Tsuruno.“ She turned to Haruka. “Well, Haruka. Are you ready?”
“Mm,” Haruka affirmed, nodding. “Let’s get out of here.”
***
MANHUNT CONTINUES IN SHINJUKU
Shun Akiyama sat at his desk in Sky Finance Sotenbori, reading the newspaper with a furrowed
brow. A mugshot photograph of Haruka Sawamura covered much of the front page, which detailed
the ongoing police search after she and three of her alleged accomplices escaped from prison.
Turning the page, he read a separate story about an increased triad presence in Tokyo, concentrated

heavily in Kamurocho, as well as a story about a press conference made by a newly promoted
Tokyo MPD Commissioner by the name of Akio Yamamoto, who led Organized Crime.
“‘The Tokyo MPD is doing everything in its power to make sure the citizens of Kamurocho are
safer than ever’,” he read aloud before scoffing. “What a load of bull.” He took a drag from his
cigarette and put the paper down. “Oh, Haruka-chan… what have you gotten yourself into?”
“Is she someone you're familiar with?” a voice asked from the doorway. Akiyama glanced upwards
to see a middle-aged man with messy black hair leaning against the doorframe.
“Ah, sorry, I didn’t see you there,” Akiyama said, chuckling as he put his cigarette out. “To whom
do I owe the pleasure?”
“Takayuki Yagami,” the man replied, stepping into the office and looking around. “Nice place you
got here. But considering what you do, and what you’re worth, I was expecting something a bit
fancier.”
Akiyama frowned. “I’m a man with simple tastes,” he replied. “Sorry, do we know each other?”
Yagami shook his head. “Nah, surprisingly, we’ve never met. I grew up on the streets in
Kamurocho, you see. I’ve heard stories all about you, Akiyama-san. See, I’m a detective, and I was
hoping you could help me with a case I’m working on.”
Akiyama sighed and rolled his eyes. “Your buddies with Public Security were in here yesterday,
and I’m gonna tell you the same thing I told them. I don’t know where Haruka Sawamura is, and I
don’t know anything about the crimes they’re accusing her of, except that the charges are bogus.”
“Oh, sorry, I’m not with the police,” Yagami clarified. “I’m a private detective. Actually, if you
read that newspaper, you’ll see that I’m one of the individuals they wanna take in for questioning
up in Tokyo.”
Akiyama glanced back down at the paper. Sure enough, Yagami’s name was listed. “So you are. So
why shouldn’t I go to the police?”
“You just said yourself you don’t buy the charges.”
“So I did. Truth is… Haruka-chan’s a friend. I know she isn’t capable of what they’re saying she
did.”
Yagami nodded. “I know. That’s why I’m trying to get to the bottom of it all.”
“Well, like I said… I don’t know anything.”
“Think you could identify a face for me?” Yagami approached Akiyama’s desk and placed his
phone atop the newspaper, with a photo already opened. “That guy’s related, somehow. He’s
yakuza, or so he claims. Based on his accent, I think he’s from Yokohama or Tokyo. Maybe even
Kamurocho. It’s a long shot… but I’m wondering if you’ve seen him before.”
Akiyama sighed again. “I already told you, I don’t…” he said, trailing off as he looked at the photo.
“Wait…”
The haircut was unfamiliar, as was his dress sense… but that face, that glare… It was unmistakable.
He could never forget it, no matter how much time has passed. Akiyama’s eyes widened, and his

breath hitched, a sharp but quiet gasp escaping his lips.
“Where… did you get this picture?”
Yagami smiled. “Tell me who he is… and I’ll tell you where he is.”
***
“Ngh…”
Haruto’s eyes fluttered open, finally waking from his slumber, though he was still tired. Really
tired. His vision was blurry, so as he slowly came to, he didn’t quite know where he was—but it
wasn’t home.
He jolted fully awake when the realization hit him. I remember falling asleep in my room, and
then… He looked around. Though the sleep in his eyes remained, he was able to get a clearer view
of his surroundings. He appeared to be in the backseat of a car. Where am I? he wondered.
He sat up and glanced out the window. The car seemed to be parked in a field somewhere. In the
distance, two men were digging a hole. Standing next to the car, a woman watched, her arms
crossed and a cigarette in her hand.
He wasn’t sure what was going on, but he knew it wasn’t good.
He was scared. He didn’t know where he was. He didn’t know who these people were. He didn’t
know where his family was. He didn’t—
“Hey, the hole’s ready,” one of the men called out. “Get the stiff over here.”
The woman sighed and took another drag from her cigarette. “Come get it yourself,” she
responded, looking away.
“Eh? What’re you so sad about? You’re the one that blew his fucking brains out.”
“You’ll be next if you don’t shut your goddamn mouth, Zheng.”
“Alright, alright, shit, don’t get your panties in a twist… Hey, Li, help me get the body outta the
trunk. Mabuchi ain’t gonna wait for us forever.”
I don’t like this, Haruto thought. This reminded him of his nightmares, with the silver-haired man.
Whenever that happened, mom was always there to comfort him.
***
“It’s okay, Haruto,” Haruka said as she cradled him, late one night. “You don’t need to be scared. It
was just a bad dream. Everything is going to be okay.”
There had been a few nights like this, especially since dad passed away. Things were changing
rapidly in Haruto’s life, and not for the better. He sniffled as he tried to calm himself. “T-the silverhaired man was there again.”
“I see…” Haruka muttered. “Well… what about your grandfather?”

“Huh?”
Haruto glanced at a photo hanging above a small shrine nearby. The man in the photo was tall, and
strong, with slicked back black hair and a gray suit over a maroon button up shirt. A photo of
Haruto’s father hung next to it. “When you were a baby… Kazuma Kiryu, your grandfather, did
everything he could to protect you during a time when I couldn’t.”
“Oh… you mean… after your accident?”
Haruka nodded. “That’s right. When I was recovering, he was there. And so was your father.”
“But… they’re not here anymore,” Haruto muttered sadly.
“But they’re always watching over you,” Haruka replied, a kind smile on her face. “In spirit… and
in your dreams. As long as you have their protection, no harm will ever come to you.”
“Okay… but what about right here? What if something happens, and I’m not dreaming.”
Haruka frowned. “Mm… Haruto… there is something you should know, actually…” She looked
again at the photos of Kiryu and Yuta. “Your grandfather, and your father… both of them did come
from scary worlds. They had a lot of people who wanted to hurt them. And although they were
brave men… I know that a part of them was scared, too.
“When I was nine years old, I found myself wandering Tokyo, all by myself, running from some of
those people.” She remembered when Kiryu found her in Bacchus—though she spared her child the
gory details of that encounter. It wasn’t important anyway. “Your grandfather… he did everything
he could to protect me. We got separated, more than once… and he found me.” She returned to
smiling at Haruto. “And you know what? If you’re ever in a similar situation… I’ll do the same. I’ll
find you. I’ll protect you. I promise, Haruto… you’ll never be in danger. Not really. Because I’m
here, and I will be for a long time.” She chuckled. “I had you young, so… a very, very long time.
All I need from you… is to be brave. Can you do that for me, Haruto?”
***
As the memory faded away, Haruto’s fear started to dissipate. Be brave, he told himself. He was
going to be okay. Mom was coming. All he had to do… was be brave. He looked up at the window,
where the strange woman with the cigarette stood. She hadn’t noticed that he had woken up. He
turned his head to the other door. Nobody was there.
Be brave, he told himself as he moved to the handle…
Chihiro took another drag from her cigarette as Zheng and Li approached. “What?” she asked with
considerable bite, blowing smoke into Zheng’s face.
“Hole’s ready. Open the trunk, we gotta get the body.”
Chihiro sighed and nodded. She tapped a button on a key fob in her hand and the vehicle let out a
long beep as the trunk swung open. The two men moved around to the back of the car, where a
large, black trash bag lay. Blood had seeped through the bag and onto the lining of the trunk. “Ah,
shit… We’re gonna need to get this cleaned,” Zheng muttered. “But hey, say what ya will about
Toyotas… they got the mileage, AND they got the trunk space. We could fit a whole other stiff in
here! They should put THAT in their ads, huh?”

“Just bring the body to the hole,” Chihiro said dismissively. “Those drugs are gonna wear off any
minute. I don’t want Haruto to see this.”
“Hey, uh… where is the kid?” Li asked.
Chihiro raised an eyebrow. “What do you mean? He’s right…” she trailed off as she glanced into
the car. Widening her eyes, she dropped her cigarette and gasped. “Huh?!”
“He’s gone!”
“Shit!” Chihiro cursed as she opened the back door and searched the car. “How the f…” She
glanced up at the door on the other side of the car.
It was slightly ajar.
“Oh, fuck, he could be anywhere by now!” Li exclaimed. “Oh, the boss ain’t gonna like this…”
“The boss isn’t gonna know,” Chihiro said suddenly. “This stays between us. We’re going to find
Haruto before our boat leaves for Kowloon. Got it?”
“Huh? But-”
Chihiro retrieved her gun from a pocket in her blazer and pointed it at Zheng and Li. “I’m serious. I
will kill both of you if either of you think about telling Mabuchi.”
Zheng put his hands up, trying to calm the situation. “Whoa. Hey. Relax. Okay, we’ll… we’ll find
the kid. Just put the fuckin’ gun down, okay? Hey, don’t you got some Daidoji shit you can use to
track him down?”
Chihiro threw her hands up in frustration. “I had to flee Okinawa in a hurry. I couldn’t get any
trackers or anything. Besides, even if I did, do you really think the Daidoji wouldn’t be using them
to track us? We’re on our own with this one.”
“Shit, okay… fuck!” Zheng searched for a solution. “Okay, we’ll take the body outta the trunk and
bury it. Then we’ll search on foot. You take the car, head back to the main road. He’s tiny, he can’t
have gotten far. We’ll meet back in Sotenbori in 24 hours.”
Chihiro nodded and pocketed her gun as she moved to start the car, while Zheng and Li pulled the
body out.
Meanwhile, not terribly far away, but far enough that he couldn’t be immediately seen, Haruto
trekked towards the city lights in the distance. He had no idea where he was, but he needed to get to
civilization as fast as his little legs could take him. You can do it, he told himself.
You can do this.
Hang in there.

Chapter 45: Outlaw's Lullaby
Haruka Sawamura’s party walked with Akame and Tsuruno down Sotenbori Street, taking in the
sights but never letting their guard down, knowing the Saio Triad was in town. Haruka was deep in
thought about her last opponent in The Castle’s arena.
Haruka again took a step towards her opponent, who again took a step backwards. “What are you
doing?” she asked. “Who… are you?” The man turned his back to her. “Huh? Hey, what’s the big
idea? Are you afraid to face me?”
All she had to go off of was his nose and chin, as he wore a pair of dark aviator sunglasses which
hid his eyes, and the graying bowl cut hairstyle was not one she recognized… His lower face, on
the other hand…
“You okay?” Nanba asked.
“Huh? Oh, yeah… It’s just…”
“That last opponent, right? I’ve been racking my brain about it, too. The whole thing bugs me.”
Haruka nodded. “I think… maybe it was him.”
“Huh? Wait… you mean Kiryu-san?”
“Mhmm. If he really is alive… why wouldn’t he be here?”
“Why are we talking in what-ifs?” Kaito asked. “You know he’s still kicking.”
“I don’t know… I just feel like if I tell myself ‘You’re going to see him again’… I’ll be setting
myself up for heartbreak.”
Saeko glanced at Seonhee, who had told her the exact same thing all the way back in Ijincho.
“There’s nothing wrong with having hope though, Haruka,” she countered. “Because what I’m
hearing right now is you’re going to turn away what’s right in front of you because you’re afraid of
disappointment. Don’t think like that. It isn’t healthy.”
“Hm… you’re right.”
Kaito glanced at Amasawa. “You’ve been awful quiet since we left The Castle. Something up,
kid?”
Amasawa shook her head. “N-no.”
“Hmph…”
~My Hero~
As the group walked past several businesses on their way down south, Saeko’s eyes nearly bulged
out of her skull when she read the sign on one of the doors. “I-is that Four Shine?!” she asked,
amazed. “Ooh, can we go in? Can we, can we?”

“Sheesh, what are you so excited about?” Nanba laughed. “It’s just a cabaret club.”
“‘Just a cabaret club’?! Club Four Shine is one of the most legendary cabarets in all of Japan!”
Saeko explained, sounding almost offended. “It’s the business’s most famous rags-to-riches story!
The owner, Yuki-sama—.”
“Wait, Yuki- sama?” Haruka asked, amused. “You must respect her a great deal.”
“Why wouldn’t I? She’s an inspiration to hostesses everywhere! I’ve read her book cover to cover
at least six times.”
“Huh… is she really good looking?” Nanba asked.
Saeko glared at him. “What?”
“I mean, if she’s so legendary…”
“Okay, we’re not going in there for that,” Saeko shot back. “I want to meet my hero, and you’re
seriously looking forward to ogling the girls like a horny teenager?”
Haruka put a finger to her chin and thought about it. “I could do a bit of ogling,” she joked,
smirking.
“Oh, come on, not you too!”
Seonhee laughed with a bit of a suggestive lilt to her voice. “Women like to ogle too.”
“Well, nobody’s ogling,” Kaito said with a hint of sadness in his voice. “Says here they’re closed
for renovations.”
“Aw…” Nanba groaned sadly.
“There goes our evening,” Haruka laughed.
“We could come back after the holidays,” Seonhee suggested.
“…You guys are pathetic,” Saeko said derisively.
Finally, they arrived at the old warehouse that Akame once called home. She opened the door for
them, and they stepped inside the empty building. “Yup… home sweet home,” she chuckled.
Glancing at the building the warehouse was attached to, Haruka tilted her head and said “Wait a
second… this building…”
“Hmm? Someplace you know?” Nanba asked.
“This is, or, was, Dyna Chair. My old agency. Hmm. I wonder how they’re all doing, now… ”
“It’s… probably best you don’t know,” Akame sighed. “Let’s just say the media was not kind to
them.”
“Mm… That’s my fault, I suppose.”

“Come on, don’t blame yourself for that, Haruka-chan,” Nanba sighed, crossing his arms. “It won’t
do you any good.”
“My mind doesn’t linger on it. Not always, anyways,” Haruka admitted. “Still… what I did on that
stage probably hurt a lot of people. …Say, Akame? Do you know what happened to T-Set after I
left Osaka?”
“Afraid not,” Akame sighed. “They dropped off the map after that concert. But that one isn’t
entirely your fault. Word got out that their management company was an Omi Alliance front. It was
bound to happen with or without your actions.”
“I wonder, though, if anyone would have even investigated, had I not said what I said in Tokyo.”
“It’s useless to think about things like that, Haruka.”
“Maybe so…”
“Anyway… I’ve got some equipment on its way,” Akame noted. “Mind if I borrow your two
yakuza buddies to help set it all up?”
Haruka nodded, and looked at Kaito and Higashi. “Can you do whatever Akame needs?”
“You got it,” Higashi replied, giving her a thumbs up.
“I’ll help, too,” Amasawa added. “I’m kind of interested to see it all come together.”
“Why don’t you guys hit the town while I get set up?” Akame suggested. “Take a load off before
shit hits the fan.”
Seonhee nodded. “I think that’s a good idea.”
Haruka frowned. “But…”
“It won’t help Haruto any if you kill yourself with worry,” Saeko reminded her, echoing what she
said on the train from Yokohama. “Besides… if we hit the town, we might find something out.”
Haruka contemplated the idea. Finally, she relented. “Fine… It’s better than standing around. Let’s
see what’s happening around town.” She turned to face the street, ready for whatever Sotenbori had
to throw at her this time.
***
Deciding that the party needed supplies, she decided to take them to Poppo, the closest one being in
Ashitaba Park.
“Huh? How long has this park been here?” Saeko asked, much to Haruka’s confusion.
“Hmm? Uh, what do you mean? It’s always been here,” she replied. “At least, it was here ten years
ago. I don’t remember ever coming here when I was a kid, though, so maybe it was built between
2006 and 2012.”
Saeko shook her head. “We were here three years ago for the Great Dissolution. This park was not
here.”

Noticing a sign commemorating the park’s construction, Nanba pointed it out and said “Well, it
says here this park first opened in 1985.”
This confused Saeko even more. “Huh? So it was here in the 80s, then it disappeared by 2006, then
it was here in 2012, and then it disappeared again before 2019?”
“I think it’s more likely you just missed it,” Seonhee sighed, bored with the conversation.
The party’s almost Seinfeldian conversation was interrupted by the audible sigh of a young woman
nearby. “Oh… what am I going to do…?”
“Hm?” Haruka turned to stare at the woman, who sat alone on a nearby bench. She was young and
beautiful, and had chin-length brown hair with bangs parted to the left. Her beauty was marred by
dark circles underneath her eyes and a very tired look on her face.
“I’m just… so tired…” the woman muttered.
~Substory 07: Outlaw's Lullaby~
“Hey… is everything alright?” Haruka asked as she approached the bench and sat down next to the
woman.
Looking up at her, the woman replied, “No… but, it will be… I think…”
“Is there anything I can do to help, miss…?”
“Saya,” the woman answered. “And you are?”
“Mizuki,” Haruka answered, giving the woman a fake name due to her current status as a wanted
criminal. “Mizuki Suzuki.”
“Well, Suzuki-san… the truth is… I’m a single mother,” Saya explained. “I have been for some
time now… and I love my little Susumu-chan to bits and pieces, but…”
“It’s exhausting,” Haruka finished for her, nodding with a knowing look in her eye. “I know. I’ve
actually been a single mother for almost two years now.”
Just the fact that Haruka knew what she was going through seemed to put Saya at ease. “Yes… you
get it, don’t you? Sometimes I just wish I could have even a day off. Oh, does that make me a bad
mama?”
“Of course not. You need your rest as much as anyone.”
“I don’t want to go anywhere fancy, I just… wish I could sit down for more than a few minutes,
and read a book, or watch TV… anything, really.”
“Well, I’ll tell you what,” Haruka said, standing up and smiling. “Why don’t I watch over your
baby for a bit, and you can get some shut-eye?”
“Huh? You would be willing to do that?” Saya asked, her eyes lighting up. “I mean, I don’t want to
impose… This isn’t something a lot of people are willing to put themselves through.”

“It’s not a big deal,” Haruka chuckled. “My brothers and sisters help me with my child. You
deserve help with yours.”
“Thank you so much, Suzuki-san.” Saya stood up and bowed, then gestured to an apartment behind
them. “My Susumu-chan is just in there. Why don’t we go get you introduced?”
Haruka followed Saya into the apartment and up the stairs, and eventually they arrived in a room
that was quite clearly a nursery. The walls were decorated with colorful wallpaper featuring images
of clouds, bunnies, ducklings, rainbows, and such. A diaper changing station sat against one wall; a
crib sat against another; and in the center of the room sat a rocking bassinet, turned away from the
entrance. Haruka smiled upon seeing it. “Is that him?”
Saya nodded. “Yup… that’s my Susumu-chan,” she sighed lovingly.
Taking her boots off and leaving them at the entrance, Haruka entered the nursery and walked
toward the bassinet. “Hey, little guy,” she cooed as she approached and walked around to the other
side. “Let’s get a good look at…” she trailed off as she finally made it to the other side and got a
good look at the ‘little guy’. Her eyes widened, and she took a step back in shock once she
processed what she was looking at. “H-huh?!”
Looking into the bassinet, she could see quite plainly that it was no baby at all lying in there.
Rather, it was a fully grown man, possibly in his fifties or even sixties lying in the bassinet, clad in
nothing but a diaper, leaving very little to the imagination. “Baba!” the man called out, clapping his
hands and shaking his feet in excitement at the new participant.
“Oh, he’s fussy, isn’t he?” Saya cooed as she approached the man. “Susumu-chan, where is your
binkie?” Looking around, she found a pacifier sitting near him, and grabbed it, putting it in his
mouth. He calmed instantly as he suckled on it. “There… Mm, he seems hungry.”
“Hungry?”
“Yes, and unfortunately, just any old formula won’t do. He prefers breast milk.”
“B-breast milk?!”
“Yup!” Saya slowly looked down at Haruka’s chest, smiled, then looked back up at her face. “Well,
you’re not quite as big as me, but… you’ll do. Well, Mizuki? Why don’t you introduce yourself?”
“What… the… hell?!” Haruka exclaimed.
“Hey! No cursing around the baby!”
“The baby?! Ma’am, that is a fully-grown…” Haruka stopped herself and pinched her nose bridge.
“Miss… respectfully… I think I need to go and… bleach my eyeballs.” Wanting to take part no
further, she started to leave the room, grabbing her boots on her way out.
“Wait!” Saya called out for her, following her. “Please, I’m so overworked!”
“No! If this is for you, that’s fine,” Haruka lectured. “But don’t drag people off the street to help
you with your fetishes!”
“You volunteered!”

“To help with your baby, not… this!”
“Hey,” the ‘baby’ said in a deep baritone as he got out of the bassinet and glared at Haruka. “Do not
disrespect mama like that,” he ordered. “You’ve got no right to yell at her like that!”
Pinching her nose bridge once again, Haruka took a deep breath. “I’m leaving,” she said calmly,
turning to the door again.
“Yeah, I don’t think so,” the ‘baby’ said. “Apologize to her. Now.”
“I think she owes me an apology.”
“Is that so? Hey, boys! Get in here.”
Suddenly, several yakuza-looking men, all also donning diapers, marched into the room,
surrounding Haruka. “What…?” she muttered under her breath in an exasperated tone. “Please…
one is enough…”
“Show this brat that the Gondawara Family won’t stand for this disrespect!” the man, apparently a
yakuza named Gondawara, ordered.
“You got it, boss!” one of the yakuza exclaimed.
A look of what could only be described as complete despair came across Haruka’s face as she
realized she would have to fight these men in diapers. Grimacing, she slowly turned to stare at
Gondawara. “Please don’t make me do this,” she muttered. “My day is bad enough already.”
“Heh. It’s about to get a lot worse!” Gondawara threatened.
Putting her fists up as Saeko, Nanba, and Seonhee entered the room to back her up, Haruka shook
her head and sighed. “Yeah, it is… I can’t believe it’s come to this…”
“Gondawara Family… show her we mean business. A baby’s gots to do what a baby’s gots to do!”

Chapter 46: Backscratcher of Coins
Haruka’s opponents, the diaper-clad Susumu Gondawarda and his three yakuza lackeys wielding
blades, stood against her, Saeko, Nanba, and Seonhee. To her horror, the men did not transform;
while she normally would have welcomed that development, in this case it meant that she was not
hallucinating this encounter, and the diaper-clad yakuza were, unfortunately, very real.
SUSUMU GONDAWARA
Gondawara Family Patriarch
“Why is my life so weird now?” Haruka asked nobody in particular as she shook her head,
flabbergasted by the circumstances. She moved first, hitting the yakuza next to her with a double
roundhouse kick and a flip kick.
Nanba was next, but instead of going on the offense, he decided to try a different tactic, getting on
his knees and giving Gondawara a pitiful look. He begged for mercy, or even just some scraps to
take. Taking pity on the poor man, Gondawara pulled out a platinum plate and handed it to Nanba,
shooting him away afterwards. He passed the plate to Haruka, smirking as he said “There. Some
spending cash for you.”
Saeko came third. She immediately feigned fear and fell to the ground, trembling in a similar
gambit to Nanba. “Please, I’m so sorry!” she wailed, an act she’d perfected from years of insincere
interactions with clients at Club Silky Queen. Gondawara and his associates took pity on her and let
their guard down, lowering their defense and their attack.
Seonhee took advantage of this by approaching one of the blade-wielding yakuza and pulling a
handgun out of her coat pocket. She fired three warning shots at the man’s feet, causing him to
scramble backwards to avoid the shots. She then flipped the gun around and pistol whipped him
with the handle, knocking him out cold.
Gondawara’s turn was up, and he made it count; he fell onto the ground and started crying like,
well, a baby. His screeches were ear-splitting, unnerving each of his opponents, lowering their
attack power, and even causing Haruka to succumb to fear, an impressive feat considering she had
resisted all efforts by much more dangerous people than this to intimidate her so far. “Please…
stop!” she begged as she took a step back.
One of the yakuza approached her and slashed at her with his knife, inflicting bleeding. She briefly
froze from the pain and fell to the ground, stunned. He took advantage of this by taking another
turn, stomping at Haruka while she was down. The other yakuza tried to do the same with Seonhee,
but she dodge rolled backwards, causing the attack to miss. “Try harder!” she taunted.
Haruka stood up as her turn was next, but due to the fear effect, she was unable to act in time.
“Just… stay away from me!” she exclaimed as her turn was skipped. She also took additional
damage due to bleeding, and Nanba went next, tossing a handful of birdseed at his opponents and
directing his flock to attack. A second yakuza was knocked out by this attack, leaving only
Gondawara and one other lackey.
Saeko’s turn came back around in short order. She approached Haruka and did the best thing she
could for her in her time of need; she grabbed her by the shoulder and glared at her. “Get a hold of

yourself!” she exclaimed as she bitch-slapped her, hard. This act of friendly fire dealt some
damage, but more importantly cured both of Haruka’s status effects. What are friends for, after all?
“Thank you,” Haruka thanked as she came to her senses.
Seonhee went for a basic attack, slicing Gondawara with her claws. With his turn having come
back around, Gondawara swung at the party with a wide right hook and a wide left hook, and then
charged forward, knocking Haruka and Nanba down, but not out; though with all of the damage she
took earlier in the fight, she knew she couldn’t take many more hits.
Fortunately, when the last yakuza came at her with his knife, she was able to block the attack,
taking minimal damage. She was up next and opted to finish him off with Essence of Roadside
Weapon; the best action for her, situationally, was to grab him and a bottle of baby powder, which
she promptly shook into his eyes, blinding him and causing him to keel over from the pain.
With only Gondawara left, Nanba ran at him and smacked him hard with his umbrella, dealing
critical attack damage and stunning him. “He’s down!” he exclaimed. “Should we hit him with an
all-out attack?” Haruka nodded her head.
TAG TEAM: ESSENCE OF MASS DESTRUCTION
“Let’s do this!” Nanba exclaimed as the party lined up next to him. Haruka started the attack by
kicking Gondawara in the face a few times. She then kicked him in the chest and sent him
stumbling backwards into Saeko, who swung at him with her handbag, then delivered a sharp kick
to his ass, sending him into Nanba. Nanba sprinkled a handful of birdseed over the area, and a flock
of pigeons swarmed Gondawara and picked him up by his shoulders, flying him into the air and
dropping him in front of Seonhee, who stomped on his face with her heels.
Bruised and bleeding, Gondawara thought the worst was over, until he glanced up; Haruka and the
others were running at him again, preparing for a final attack.
“Hope you’re ready!” she exclaimed as she jumped in the air and performed a front flip kick. As
she did so, her wrist tattoo glowed, and an apparition of an azure dragon emerged from it, roaring
and flying straight towards the man baby. The dragon collided with him, sending him to the ground
for good, and then soared into the sky and exploded into a ball of flames. A phoenix emerged from
within the flames, and with a caw, flapped its wings and spread its energy over Haruka and her
party, healing them completely, before fading away as Haruka’s vision returned to the realm of
reality, the room fading back into view around her.
Gondawara knelt before Haruka, his hand over his chest and his breath heavy. “Hah… not bad,
kid…” he managed to gasp out. “You’re tougher than you look. Or maybe I’m just getting too
old…”
“I don’t mean to kink shame,” Haruka sighed as she relaxed her stance. “What you do in here is
your business. And only your business. So please… don’t send your… um… ‘mama’ out to solicit
women off the street.”
“Huh? Say what? I did no such thing,” Gondawara denied as he stood up. “I learned a long time
ago that my interests aren’t everyone’s interests. When I look for new participants, I do so myself,
and in places where this kinda thing is more accepted. And I certainly wouldn’t send Saya-chan out
to find people on my behalf.”

Haruka raised an eyebrow and tilted her head. “Is that so? But… she pulled me off the street.”
Confused, Gondawara turned to Saya. “Saya-chan, is this true?”
Saya looked down at her feet and sighed. “Yes… the truth is… I tried to recruit her, and I wasn’t
transparent about my intentions.”
“Now why would you go and do a thing like that?”
Realizing something, Haruka glanced at Saya, then back at Gondawara. “She said she was
overworked,” Haruka explained. “She said she hasn’t gotten a night’s rest in weeks.”
Gondawara’s eyes widened. “Huh? Say it ain’t so, Saya-chan!”
Sighing, Saya nodded and said “It’s the truth. Susumu… I do this because I love it, and… I love
you. But… you and your friends are running me ragged! This is all very hard work. I thought if I
had a second person to help me, I could rest a bit. But I don’t know how to ask for help, or… huh?”
Gondawara had approached Saya, a sad look in his eyes. “Saya-chan… why didn’t you say
something sooner? The last thing I wanna do is treat you like a workhorse… some baby I turned
out to be.”
“I- I didn’t want you to think I was trying to leave,” Saya replied. “You mean the world to me.”
“And you mean the world to me. But this… thing we got going on… it’s only fun if everyone else
is enjoying it, too. And if you’re working yourself to the bone to make it work, that’s not a hobby.
That’s a job.”
“S-Susumu-chan… but… what can I do?”
“I’ll tell ya what ya can do. You deserve a break.”
“Huh?”
Suddenly, Gondawara turned to his subordinates, grinning. “Boys. Pack your bags. The Gondawara
Family… is going on vacation!”
“That’s a fantastic idea, boss!” one of the yakuza cheered.
“S-Susumu-chan!” Saya exclaimed. “Do you really mean it?”
“Yeah,” Gondawara responded, nodding. “You deserve to relax for once. And I wanna relax by
your side.”
“But where’re we gonna go?” a yakuza asked.
“Dumb question,” Gondawara laughed. “Hawaii, of course. Saya-chan was always saying she
wanted to get out there one of these days. Everyone, get your passports in order. We’ll leave after
New Years.”
The Gondawara Family celebrated as they made plans for a year-long Hawaiian vacation. Deciding
her part in this was done, Haruka turned and attempted to make a silent exit, but Gondawara had
other plans.

“Hey, kid,” he called out. “You might’ve saved my marriage today. What’s your name? Your real
name. I wanna thank you properly.”
“…Haruka.”
“Y’know, Haruka, the way you fight… your stance… it reminds me of someone I met before.”
Haruka’s eyes widened, and she turned to face him. “Is that so?”
“Yeah. This yakuza in a gray suit,” Gondawara recounted, causing her to gasp. “He’s the one that
taught me to think of others when it comes to all of this. Without him… I’d just be another baby
without a shoulder to cry on. After I came to my senses, I disbanded my family and started over,
with people who actually wanted to be there with me, like Saya-chan and these boys over here.
He… helped me get my life in order. I wanted to thank him, but… I never saw him again. I never
even learned his name. Maybe I’m… reading too much into this, but… you remind me of him. Do
you know him?”
“I did…” Haruka affirmed. “Kazuma Kiryu is the man you met, I think. He’s the man who adopted
me.”
“Kiryu-san, eh? Could you pass along a message? Tell him… the Gondawara Family is in his
debt.”
Smiling, Haruka nodded. “I’ll be sure to let him know.”
“We’re in your debt, too,” he added. “If you ever need something, give me a call. I’m on
Poundmates.”
“I… probably won’t,” Haruka said rather bluntly. “Still, this experience has been… enlightening.
Good luck to the both of you.” She turned back to the door and placed her hand on the knob.
“You know, Haruka,” Saya said with a slightly suggestive tone, “we’re always looking for a third.”
Haruka froze. “L-let’s get out of here, fast,” she said to her companions, shuddering before opening
the door and leaving. As she walked down the stairs, she could faintly hear laughter coming from
Saya and Gondawara. “I’m glad those two are going to be alright,” she said to her party, “but me,
personally? I hope I never see another diaper again.”
~Substory End~
Once the group reached street level, her phone rang. “Hm?” She pulled it out of her jacket pocket
to see that Amasawa was calling via video. “Ah, Akame must be ready for us.” She answered the
call, and an image of Amasawa came on screen. She looked rather frightened. “Amasawa, is
everything set up? Hm? Are you okay?”
Amasawa glanced at somebody off-screen. “Y-yeah, I am, but…”
“Did something happen?”
“Y-… you should see for yourself…” Amasawa turned her phone to face away from her, and
Haruka could only gasp at what she saw.
Kaito and Higashi had been beaten.

“Kaito-san!” Haruka exclaimed. “Higashi!”
There they lay, bruised and bloodied, at Akame’s feet, who looked down at them with her arms
crossed and a concerned look on her face. “Ngh… sorry, Haruka-chan…” Kaito groaned. “He
caught us by surprise… some bodyguards we are…”
“Who did?!” Seonhee demanded. “Who did this?!”
“Yo, kid, gimme the phone,” a male voice offscreen said rather casually. “I wanna talk ta her.”
Amasawa’s phone was grabbed, and the camera feed jumbled before finally settling on a familiar,
pale face. His hair was shaggier, as was his beard, but it did little to hide his identity—the eyepatch
was a dead giveaway. “Yo,” he greeted. “Haruka-chan.”
“Majima-san…” Haruka gasped.
“What did you do to our friends, you one-eyed creep?!” Nanba demanded.
Majima looked offended. “Now that was rude, wasn’t it? They started it, just for the record,” he
claimed. “I made myself known, and they jumped me! Not my fault they couldn’t handle the
consequences! Besides… I went easy on ‘em. They’re okay. Nothin’s broken, ‘cept their pride.
“So, Haruka-chan… I hear yer in Sotenbori,” he continued. “What’s more, I hear ya need my help.
Or… maybe ya got a bone ta pick with me, and I don’t blame ya if that’s the case. Maybe it’s a
little bit of both.” Majima sighed and looked around the room. “Or maybe ya just have questions.
About the security company… about the Seiryu Clan… about Yuta.”
Haruka’s eyes widened. “Yuta…?”
“That Ebina with the Seiryu probably told ya that I know more than I let on about the whole
shebang in Tokyo. Thing is… he ain’t wrong. He does too, but unlike him… I’ve decided it’s high
time I atone.”
“Atone…?”
“Ah, but this is a terrible conversation to have over the phone,” Majima chuckled, a bit of glee
evident in his tired voice. “Let’s meet up, and I can tell ya everything.”
“Haruka-chan… don’t listen to this guy…” Kaito groaned from the corner of the room. “He’s a
fuckin’ psycho!”
“Oh yeah… I imagine you’ll wanna make sure yer friends are okay, first,” Majima continued.
“That’s cool. I can wait. Come check on ‘em, make sure their boo-boos get fixed. I’ll waitin’ for ya
elsewhere.”
Haruka narrowed her eyes. “Where?”
“Oh, someplace that… means somethin’ to us both.” Majima frowned as an almost nostalgic look
found itself in his eye. “I’m gonna visit an old friend… someone you knew, too. Let’s visit her
together. I’ll be seein’ ya real soon, Haruka-chan.”
The call ended abruptly after this, leaving the party stunned. This was followed very shortly by a
text message from Amasawa. “He left,” it read.

“Holy shit…” Nanba muttered.
“Well, Haruka… are you ready for this?” Saeko asked. “Because… somehow, I don’t think you’re
backing down now.”
Her suspicion was correct.

Chapter 47: Mad Dog
“Ngh…” Kaito groaned as he laid shirtless and in pain on Akame’s couch, his head in Haruka’s lap
as she dealt with some wounds on his face. She had already dressed several wounds on his scarred
torso, though as he explained to a very worried Haruka, the scars stemmed from a fight with Jun's
father earlier in the year, not from the fight he'd just had with Goro Majima, who seemed to have
gone rather easy on him judging by the lack of stab wounds anywhere on his body.
“Hold still, Kaito-san…” she growled, becoming annoyed with how fidgety he was.
“That stings, Haruka-chan,” he complained.
"Would you like it to get infected?"
"Gah... can't you at least be a little gentler?!"
“Don’t be such a baby, aniki,” Higashi chuckled as Saeko treated him. “Ow!” he winced as she
pressed a cotton swab drenched in alcohol on a scrap just underneath his eye.
“Hey, aren’t you guys supposed to be a little more pain tolerant?” Saeko asked. She glanced up at
Nanba, who was overseeing the care.
“Doesn’t matter how many fights you get in,” he chuckled. “Getting your shit rocked still hurts like
hell. So how did that happen, anyway? Three against one and he still whooped you like that?” he
looked over at Tsuruno, who was similarly bruised but standing.
“He’s a lot tougher than he looks,” Tsuruno sighed.
Kaito nodded. “Yeah. We were helpin’ Akame set up, when the Mad Dog of Shimano himself just
strolls in like he owns the place. Says he wants to talk to Haruka.”
“Mm… he said you started it,” Haruka responded.
“Bullshit! We asked him just what it is he wanted with you, and just what the fuck his deal was!
And we told him that whatever he wanted with you, he’d have to go through us first.”
“Hmm… That sounds to me like you started it…”
“Come on…”
“Hey, just be glad you didn’t end up in the hospital again,” Higashi pointed out.
“Yeah, I guess… the nurses here are way better looking,” Kaito chuckled, causing Haruka to scoff
and push his head off of her lap. “What? What’d I say? What, you don't like compliments?”
“So, Haruka,” Saeko said, changing the subject as Higashi sat up, his treatment complete. “What
are we gonna do?”
Haruka tilted her head. “What do you mean?”
“I mean… about Majima. Are you gonna go after him?”

Haruka crossed her arms and sighed. “I have to. If he knows anything about what happened to
Yuta, I have to know.”
“Not to mention, it’d be good to have him on our side if we’re going up against the Saio Triad,”
Akame pointed out as she lit a cigarette. She took a puff, then added “If we can get Taiga Saejima
and Daigo Dojima on board too, things would be a lot easier.”
“So, I got a question,” Kaito added, putting his shirt back on and fastening the buttons one by one.
“Let’s say… Majima not only knows about what happened to Yuta… but he was directly involved.”
“Meaning?” Haruka asked.
“I mean… You know… What if what happened was his fault?”
“That doesn’t make any sense,” Nanba denied, shaking his head. “He was his underling at a
legitimate security company. Why would Majima have killed him?”
“I’m not saying he did it on purpose,” Kaito clarified. “I’m not even saying he killed him at all. I’m
just sayin’… he was supposed to protect him.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Saeko asked.
Kaito sighed. “Look, when you join the yakuza, you’re tellin’ the world you’re ready to die for
your patriarch. But that’s just the part they romanticize in movies and shit. It’s actually an
exchange. You’re willing to die for your patriarch, and in return, your patriarch is supposed to do
everything in his power to make sure you’re never in that position to begin with. At least… that’s
how it’s meant to be, if your family actually has any honor. Otherwise, you’re not a family. You’re
a private army.
“I admit, I have no idea what the culture was like at the security company,” he continued. “But
everyone who worked for that company was a yakuza at one point or another, and Goro Majima
was in the yakuza for a really long time. He walked the extreme path, he knows how things are
supposed to be, and even though he has a reputation for being completely batshit, by all accounts,
he still had a consistent code that he operated by. If Yuta worked under Majima, then Majima had a
responsibility to protect him. No matter how you shake it… he failed to do so. If he’s got any honor
as an ex-yakuza, he holds himself directly culpable for that failure.”
Seonhee nodded, and turned to Haruka. “I suppose the question, then, is how you feel,” she said.
“Do you hold Majima responsible? And if so… what do you intend to do when you see him?”
“It depends on the degree to which he’s responsible, I suppose,” Haruka mused. “I’ve often told
myself… that if I ever discovered who was behind Yuta’s death… I’d kill them. That's... what I
wanted to do to Ebina, back at the Tojo Clan's headquarters. Whether or not I’m actually capable of
doing so, I’m honestly not sure. In any case, I don’t think Majima-san is going to be the one that
makes me test that. There was a time when Uncle Kaz entrusted Goro Majima with his life.
Majima’s motives might often be in question, and, I’ll admit, there are times where I’ve wondered
if Uncle Kaz might’ve been making a mistake in trusting him. But my doubts about him have
always proven to be misguided. Majima-san has been consistent in his allegiances.”
“So… you’re saying you trust him too, then,” Kaito sighed.

Haruka nodded. “I do. That’s not to say that I think he’s completely blameless, but… He’s not evil.
He’s always been there for Uncle Kaz when he needed him.”
Akame crossed her arms and looked over at her newly set up surveillance monitors against the
wall. “I don’t see him anywhere in Sotenbori anymore…”
“Do you monitor any cemeteries?” Haruka asked.
“No. That feels disrespectful.”
“Then Majima wouldn’t be on your cameras.” Standing up, Haruka made her way to the door.
“Huh? Where are you going?” Kaito asked.
Haruka paused, and looked back at him. “What do you mean? I’m going to go see Majima.”
“I don’t suppose there’s anyway we can talk you down, huh?” Haruka shook her head, which
caused Kaito to chuckle and stand. “Alright, then. Lead the way.”
“If it’s alright with you, aniki, I’m going to hang back,” Higashi said. “I’m not comfortable leaving
Akame and Amasawa alone, all things considered.”
Seonhee nodded. “I agree. For as long as we’re in Osaka, at least two of us should always stay
behind to keep these two safe. Besides, we shouldn’t be traveling in large groups anyway. More
than four people will draw attention.”
“That makes sense,” Haruka responded. “Okay, then. Sa-chan, Nanba-san, Kaito-san. You’re with
me. Higashi-san, Seonhee, you two stay with Akame.”
Tsuruno nodded. “I’ll call some of the boys over here, too.”
“If I wanted to be surrounded by yakuza bodyguards, I’d have stayed on that boat,” Akame
groaned.
“Sorry, Akame, but it’s just not safe to leave you alone right now.”
“Yeah, yeah, whatever…”
With that settled, Haruka nodded at her companions. “Alright… let’s do this.” She, Saeko, Nanba,
and Kaito stepped out of the warehouse and back onto the streets of Sotenbori, unaware that they
were being watched from a nearby rooftop.
“Hmph…” the man let out a low growl as he monitored the party. He shifted in his wheelchair and
sighed. “Haruka Sawamura… you’ve come far. A lot farther than I think anyone would’ve ever
guessed. Heh. You really do have a lot in common with him. I can’t wait to meet you.”
***
~Like A Gorilla~
“Say, Kaito-san,” Saeko said as the group walked down the road. “You were a yakuza for a long
time, right?”

“Hm?” Kaito thought about it. “Yeah, I guess. Twenty years, just about. Maybe a bit longer. I swore
up when I was a teenager. But that’s all behind me, now.”
“Well, I only ask because… I mean, I didn’t mean to stare, but…”
“But what? Spit it out!”
“Well… when Haruka was dressing your wounds, I noticed you had no tattoos.”
“Yeah, I did notice that,” Haruka affirmed. “Lots of scars, but no tattoos.”
Nanba raised an eyebrow and stared at Kaito. “Gotta admit, it’s a bit strange that the only one here
with any ink is the ex-idol.”
Kaito shrugged. “Eh. That kinda look never really appealed to me. Just wasn’t my thing.”
“That’s rare in the yakuza world, no?” Saeko asked.
“Not these days. I mean, even back then it wasn’t THAT uncommon. Half the guys in the family
were bare. Hell, even Captain Hamura didn’t have anything.” Suddenly, he started to laugh.
“Heh… hehe! Hey, you wanna know what his reason was? Get this; the day of his appointment, he
learned his favorite bathhouse had a strict no-tattoos policy. He no-showed and never scheduled a
follow-up.”
“So much for principle…” Saeko sighed.
“You know, I always thought those designs were kinda cool,” Nanba admitted. “Like, the meaning
behind them and everything. Ichiban told me one about the dragon fish he has on his back, how he
didn’t feel right getting a straight-up dragon and all since he hadn’t earned it. The koi transforming
into a dragon is supposed to symbolize his drive to climb to the top from rock bottom. If you ask
me, I’d say he’s living up to it.”
“Huh… You know, I never really even thought about what kind I’d want,” Kaito mused. “Say,
Haruka-chan? What do you think would suit me best?”
Haruka placed a finger to her chin as she thought about it. “Hmm… A gorilla,” she said after only a
moment of thought.
“A… a gorilla?!” He glared at her. “Seriously?! THAT’S how you see me?!”
Saeko grinned. “Ooh, I can totally see that!” she laughed. “Just picture it, Kaito-san at the top of a
skyscraper, getting ready to beat down the bad guy… They glare at each other, hatred burning in
their eyes… He tears his shirt off, and what’s splayed across his muscular back? Silverback Gorilla.
Heh. I’d pay good money to see that.”
“Man…” Kaito sighed.
“Hehe… we’re only joking, Kaito-san,” Haruka assured him with a cutesy chuckle.
“Huh? …I wasn’t,” Saeko said, confused.
As that conversation ended, Haruka led the group to a cab. “Say, Haruka-chan…” Kaito said with a
raised eyebrow. “Where are we going, anyway?”

“Majima-san said he was visiting an old friend,” Haruka explained. “Somebody that was important
to the both of us. There’s only one person that fits that description. Well… only one person besides
Uncle Kaz, that is.”
“Were Majima and the Fourth Chairman really close like that?”
“It’s… complicated.”
“So who is he talking about?” Nanba asked.
The cab driver rolled his window down and leaned his head out. “Hey, lady,” he greeted with a
thick Kansai accent. “There somewhere ya need ta be?”
“Do you know where Ikuno Garden is?”
“‘Course ah do. Hop in.” He clicked a button on his dashboard and the passenger doors opened.
This confused Kaito more. “Ikuno Garden? That some kinda park?”
Haruka shook her head. “It’s a cemetery. One I… should have visited ten years ago. But a lot
happened in the intervening years, and I just… never got around to it.”
“Hang on… just who is it Majima wants you to see?”
***
Park Mirei
1 January 1974 ~ 20 December 2012
Haruka and her party stood at a rather unassuming grave in an unimportant spot in the sprawling
Ikuno Garden cemetery. The tombstone, unlike many around it, did not have the traditional
Buddhist decorations, and instead a small vase sat in front with a collection of red flowers. Haruka
examined the flowers, which appeared to be fresh, to her mild surprise. “Hm… Sorry for not
visiting sooner,” she apologized. “Although… it seems your other visitor’s already been by…”
“So, uh… was this someone close to you?” Kaito asked, a worried look on his face.
“Not as close as she or I would have liked, looking back…” Haruka muttered. “Park-san was my
manager at Dyna Chair. She wasn’t the friendliest woman in the world. Some of her business
tactics were objectionable. She’s the reason I was separated from Uncle Kaz to begin with. And she
lived vicariously through me, pushing me to pursue a dream I didn’t truly want because she
couldn’t fulfill her own. I suppose, all things considered… I should have hated her. But… I can’t
bring myself to even say I disliked her.”
“How come?” Saeko asked.
“I grew up motherless,” Haruka explained. “First, at Sunflower, and then, after Yumi passed, I had
Uncle Kaz as my only guardian… It never bothered me. All I needed was Uncle Kaz, and my
brothers and sisters at Morning Glory. But just as I had no mother, Park-san had no daughter. When
I was alone with her, I saw another side to her that I think few ever saw. I think she sort of saw me
as the daughter she never had. Perhaps, to that end… I saw her as the mother I never had. Maybe if
she hadn’t been murdered, that’s how things would have been.”

“Murdered?” Nanba asked.
“Yeah. The news said it was a suicide, but in truth.., She was the first of several who I was too
weak to protect.” Haruka stood up and looked up to the sky. “Park-san… Uncle Kaz… Yuta-kun…
They’re the reason that I wanted to become stronger. When I first came to Ijincho, that was the
promise I made. I felt that if I became stronger, I would never lose anybody else again. But now…
I’m about to lose Haruto, too.”
“Don’t say that,” Saeko urged, placing a hand on Haruka’s shoulder. “We’re going to save him. You
can bet on that.”
“Besides…” another voice said from behind the group, “…what could ya have done for any of
these people?” Haruka’s eyes widened, and she turned to face Goro Majima, who approached the
group, a somber look on his face.
“Majima-san…” Haruka muttered.
Just as she had seen on the video call, his black hair, normally styled with an undercut, was longer
and shaggier than when she last saw him. His goatee was unkempt. It looked like he hadn’t slept in
days. His outfit, however, was a bit more usual, at least for Majima; he wore a yellow boa-print
snakeskin blazer over a gold chain with no undershirt, revealing a small bit of his toned body, with
his irezumi, which stretched to his chest, poking out from underneath. He also wore black leather
pants and black snakeskin steel-toed shoes, and his hands were adorned with black leather gloves.
Completing his mad dog look was an eyepatch over his left eye with a silver snake design in the
center.
Majima looked at Park’s grave and sighed. “Park was killed when ya weren’t around, or so I hear.
Kiryu-chan… well, he’d die for ya all over again if it came down to it. And Yuta… hmph. Why
would ya blame yerself for that when ya could blame me?” Majima looked up at Haruka's
companions, who stepped toward him, glares on their faces. “Hey, do me a favor? Don’t make a
scene. Not yet.”
Haruka tilted her head. “And since when do you not want to make a scene?”
He pointed to another grave several rows down, where a middle aged woman with chin-length
brown hair was laying down flowers. “Just… be quiet for a sec, will ya?”
The woman recited a short prayer before turning to her husband, who approached with a smile on
his face. “Somebody you knew, Makoto?” he asked the woman, Makoto, who nodded.
“Yeah. He was one of the men who saved my life, all of those years ago,” she explained as she
glanced back at the tombstone. “Every time we come back to Japan, I make sure to visit.”
Lee Wen Hai
“Hm…” she sighed. “If only the other one would turn up again… I’ve never been able to thank him
properly, to his face.”
“It’s been thirty five years since that incident, and sixteen since you last saw him,” the man sighed.
“He’s probably not around anymore.”

“Perhaps he’s even buried here…” Makoto mused. “What a sad thought. Hm… well… I suppose
we should be going.”
“Yes, of course.”
The couple made their way to the cemetery’s exit. Majiima and Haruka’s party watched as they left,
though most of them had no idea who the woman was or why Majima didn’t seem to want to be
seen by her.
“Was that somebody you knew?” Haruka asked.
“Nah. It’s not important.” Majima watched as the couple left, and once they were gone, he turned
his head back to Park’s tombstone. “I’ve got enough regrets to last two lifetimes, Haruka-chan.
Maybe one day we can sit down and I’ll tell you all about them. You, me, and Kiryu-chan… we’ll
get lunch when this is all over, and I can tell you the majestic tale of a mad dog.”
“Uncle Kaz is dead, Majima-san.”
“Hah! Sure, whatever ya say,” he laughed, a bit of psychotic glee and false Kansai returning to his
voice. “I know you don't believe that, but I suppose it isn't important right now. So, Haruka-chan…
I hear ya kicked all kinds of ass to get here. I gotta say… I’m impressed. Six years ago ya said ya
didn’t want anything to do with this life.”
“Circumstances changed, Majima-san,” Haruka replied in a low voice. “You know I’m not here for
a friendly chat, right? I need information.”
“‘Course ya do,” Majima chuckled, though he had a rather frightening look in his eye as he did so.
“You wanna know about Yuta, and what REALLY happened in Tokyo two years ago… right? Well,
I’m sure you know… there was always something your Uncle Kaz had to do for me before I did
anything for him.”
Showdown…
Haruka slowly turned to glare at Majima, an equally frightening look in her eyes.
It falls down…
“Heh… he used to give me that exact same look…” Majima chuckled darkly as he started to make
his way to a clearing in the cemetery.
“I don't have time for this, Majima-san,” Haruka grumbled.
“He’d say that, too. Of course… it didn’t help him any.”
“You’re not serious, are you?” Kaito asked, cracking his knuckles. “If you even think about laying a
hand on Haruka-chan—.” He didn’t get to finish his thought before an attack was made… but to
his, and indeed everyone’s shock, it was Haruka who made the first move. She ran at Majima and
threw a roundhouse kick his way. He knew it was coming, however, and grabbed her ankle, holding
her in place.
“Ah!” Haruka gasped, causing Majima to grin.

“Ehehehe…” he laughed in an unhinged manner not dissimilar to a hyena. “You didn’t even
hesitate! That’s what I wanna see!” He let go of her and jumped backwards, landing in a combatready stance. She did the same, glaring at him with eyes so familiar to him.
“Haruka, are you insane?!” Nanba scolded. “You can’t seriously be thinking of going up against
this maniac, can you?!”
“It’s the only language he speaks,” Haruka explained in a low growl. She ran at him and threw
another kick, which he dodged.
“You got spirit, kid!” he laughed as he ducked under her kick. He reached into his blazer and pulled
out his demonfire dagger, unsheathing it and swinging at Haruka. “But spirit is only half of a
fight!” Nanba ran forward and blocked the hit with his umbrella, swinging upwards and tossing the
blade from his hand. It landed several feet away, momentarily distracting Majima. When he looked
back up, he found himself facing a dropkick from Kaito. He sidestepped this, causing Kaito to land
painfully on the ground. Saeko swung her handbag at him but Majima simply grabbed her wrist and
shoved her backwards. “Oh yeah, and by the way… my fists are equal opportunity.”
The party regrouped at Haruka’s side, now fully ready for a fight. “Damn it, Haruka-chan, you
really are crazy,” Kaito grumbled as he took up his Bruiser stance. “But, shit, we’re right next to
you, so fuck it, I guess that means we’re crazy too.”
“You sure you wanna do this?” Saeko asked. “He’s not going to go down easy. What if you get
hurt, or worse?”
“Goro Majima only helps those who can prove their worth,” Haruka said. “For Uncle Kaz, and now
for us… that means defeating him in combat.”
“Now yer gettin’ it!” Majima cackled as he picked his blade back up and struck a terrifying pose.
“Goddamn, the fire in your eyes… I love it! You look JUST like him! Let’s see if your walk’s as
good as your talk, though!”
Showdown!
“I’m ready for you, Majima-san,” Haruka exclaimed. “I won’t hold back, so you better not either!”
It falls down!
“Fine by me,” Majima warned. “Just be careful what you wish for! Now then… let’s do this…
HARUKA-CHAAAAN~!” He ran at the party and jumped up in the air, blade in hand. For our
heroes, time seemed to slow down as he prepared to strike, a psychotic grin adorning his face.
GORO MAJIMA
Former Tojo Clan, Majima Family Patriarch

Chapter 48: Receive and Deceive You
Goro Majima landed in the middle of the party with his dagger out and transformed, as did Haruka
and her allies, and their battle began in earnest.
“You’ve gone and lost your fuckin’ mind, now, Haruka-chan,” Kaito grumbled.
“There won’t be any hard feelings if anybody decides to abandon ship now,” Haruka said to her
companions, though she refused to break her stare down with Majima. “This isn’t what any of you
signed up for.”
“We signed up to help you, Haruka,” Saeko countered, shaking her head. “That includes this.”
Nanba laughed. “Yeah. Besides, this ain’t our first rodeo. We did this once with Ichiban. We know
the score.”
“Agh, and it’s not like I’m gonna turn down an opportunity for a rematch,” Kaito admitted. “It’s not
every day you get to throw hands with a yakuza legend. Hell, ‘Joryu’ owes me a rematch, too.
Can’t believe I fought the Fourth Chairman and didn’t even know it…”
“Yeah, you’re on your own for that one…” Saeko responded.
Haruka chuckled. “Hmph. Alright, then. Let’s hit him with everything we have!”
Majima was the fastest of everyone on the field, and so he went first. For his first action, he tossed
his dagger aside, opting to begin the fight unarmed. “Wouldn’t want this ending too quickly,” he
said with an unhinged cackle. A blue Heat aura emanated from his body as he put his fists up. He
targeted Nanba first, hitting him with a left hook, a left back fist, and a right elbow strike. “Shit,
even unarmed, this guy hits hard,” Nanba groaned as he stumbled backwards. “Be careful,
everyone!”
Haruka moved next. She appropriated a dance move taught to her by one of the multiple instructors
Park had hired, then promptly fired, during her time at Dyna Chair. Beginning with a ballet spin,
she tossed her elbow out mid-spin, hitting Majima’s face several times before leaping into the air
and using a wheel kick to smack his skull overhead. This sent him to the ground with enough force
to cause him to bounce. He quickly regained his footing just in time for Saeko’s attack. She
grabbed her opponent and slammed a large powderpuff into his face. Coughing, Majima glared at
her, but couldn’t retaliate before Nanba followed up with a smack from his umbrella, sending the
Mad Dog backwards a little.
Kaito swapped into his Tank style—“You’re fucked, now!”—and then held his stance, steeling
himself for the Mad Dog’s next move. “Come get me, motherfucker!” he taunted, enraging
Majima.
“Ya really know how to piss a guy off,” Majima threatened. “I’ll gut you like a fish!” He ran at
Kaito and, in his rage, was only able to again perform his basic rush combo. Kaito took damage but
did not flinch; instead, he headbutted Majima during his attack, dealing double the damage that was
taken.
“Try harder, asshole,” Kaito taunted again.

Haruka was up next, hitting him with a double roundhouse kick, then taunting him to come at her,
which he did. Having successfully baited him, she countered his incoming attack with a sharp jab
to the gut, mimicking the motions of Kazuma Kiryu’s Tiger Drop, and although she did negate all
damage with the counter, she did not know the proper technique and therefore could not deal nearly
as much damage.
She, in fact, could mimic a wide variety of moves from the Komaki Arts from years of having
casually observed their use whenever Uncle Kaz decided to lay a beat down on the neighborhood
punks, but without the proper teachings, most of them were functionally useless. If she wanted any
of them to be useful, she’d need to find a teacher with a lot of experience who could help her…
Saeko approached Majima and knee’d him in the groin, dealing significantly more damage than
Haruka had just done. Nanba chugged a bottle of liquor and then breathed onto an open flame from
his lighter, igniting the man’s clothing, though not for long as he was able to quickly pat it out.
With a ruffian’s kick, Kaito was able to do a bit more damage before Majima’s next move.
“Oh, so the kiddie gloves have gotta come off, huh?” Majima chuckled. “Alright. Enough games.
The fight starts now!”
“It hasn’t even started, yet?!” Kaito exclaimed. His answer came in the form of an odd move from
Majima—he changed up his stance, and pulled a baseball bat out of seemingly nowhere. “Huh?
Hey, he’s changin’ styles!”
Majima held the bat over his shoulder and grinned at the party. “Onto the next inning!” A yellow
Heat aura emanated from his pale skin.
“He didn’t do this last time!” Nanba complained.
“He must just be getting warmed up,” Saeko realized. “I think it’s only going to get harder from
here. Watch yourselves!”
Using his newly acquired tool, Majima ran at Haruka and started spinning the implement, hitting
her several times and knocking her down, while also demonstrating that he was not afraid to strike
her despite his allegiance to Kiryu—as he said before, his hands were equal opportunity. She
regained her footing and glared at him. “Take this!” she exclaimed as she threw a high kick at him,
sending him into the air, then roundhouse kicked him across the field. Saeko ran up to him and
kicked him while he was down, then, when he stood up, smacked him hard with her handbag, while
Nanba was content with letting his flock do the fighting for him; he spread birdseed everywhere
and in came the flock, swarming Majima and doing significant damage to him.
Kaito switched back into his Bruiser style—“It’s time for an ass-whooping!”—which gave him
access to a variety of contextual EX Actions. He decided to pick up Majima and hold him in the air,
which allowed Haruka to run up to him and punch his face unobstructed.
Majima landed back on the ground and stood up, then decided to target Kaito. He swung his bat,
hard, sending Kaito to his knees, then placed the end of his bat against Kaito’s mouth and knee’d
the other end, dealing fatal damage and probably loosening a few teeth. Kaito coughed up blood
and collapsed. “Sorry… guys…” he mumbled as he slipped out of consciousness.
“Kaito-san!” Haruka called out. Glaring at Majima, she ran at him and performed a backflip kick,
damaging him significantly.

Saeko ran over to Kaito and knelt next to him. “This is no time to be dead!” she exclaimed as she
examined him. Realizing that only one thing could bring him back to the land of the living, she
closed her eyes and leaned in. “Now… get up.”
ESSENCE OF REMOTIVATION
She pressed her lips against his, delivering a sensual dose of mouth to mouth resuscitation with
tremendous results. Kaito’s eyes shot open, and he immediately stood up, fully rejuvenated. “Now
that’s one hell of a wake-up call!” he exclaimed triumphantly with a grin.
Haruka raised an eyebrow as she watched the resurrection unfold. Hm, if that’s the outcome, maybe
I should take a dive next, she thought to herself.
Nanba seemed to notice her stare and smirked. “Heh. Jealous?”
“Huh? What? N-no.”
“Hehe. Don’t worry. Your secret's safe with me.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about, Nanba-san…”
Nanba turned his attention back to Majima and ran up to him, swinging his umbrella. Majima
blocked the blow with his bat, and the two of them briefly seemed as though they were sword
fighting. “Damn, that eyepatch isn’t for show,” Nanba growled as he beat back a blow from
Majima’s bat. “In another life, this guy was probably king of the pirates!”
“What a ridiculous thing to say…” Saeko scoffed with an eye roll.
Kaito’s turn was next. “Let’s do this!” he yelled out as he jumped at Majima with his Kaito Rocket
dropkick, knocking him over and dealing significant damage. Majima got back up and tossed his
bat in a boomerang like motion at the part, damaging all of them before returning to him—and
honestly, Haruka wasn’t entirely certain if she was imagining that or if that was just something the
Mad Dog was capable of doing. He seemed capable of some out-there techniques, at least.
Regardless, his damage output was only increasing, and though her efforts thus far were
commendable—even Majima was surprised she had lasted this long—they would be all for naught
if she couldn’t finish the job. Haruka approached him and performed an Atlas Hold hand stand and
repeatedly kicked his face while maintaining the handstand perfectly—with one hand, even! Once
the move was finished, she stood back up and smirked at Majima. “I told you not to hold back,” she
taunted.
“You think you’re clever?” Majima asked, before laughing maniacally. “Hahahaha! I invented that
move, you goddamn amateur! Why don’t I show you some real moves?” He then chucked the bat
and changed up his stance, continuing to laugh as he did so. “I’m still only gettin’ warmed up,
Haruka-chaaan~!” A magenta Heat aura radiated from him briefly before dissipating.
“Shit, watch out,” Kaito warned. “He’s changed styles again! Man, I heard this guy was versatile,
but he’s really givin’ Tak a run for his money!”
Majima skipped the turn order in order to strut his stuff, dancing in place like a jackass using
moves that haven’t been in style since the eighties, which really only served to annoy everyone in
attendance. “Okay, it’s official… this guy’s a freak,” Saeko sighed.

Nanba laughed. “Like you didn’t know that the first time we fought him?”
“He wasn’t doing all of this weird shit back then!”
“God, that’s still crazy to think about…” Kaito muttered, shaking his head. “To think that you all
survived a fight against him before. Either Kasuga’s a lot stronger now than he was before he went
to prison, or Majima likes playing with his food.”
“It was… probably a little bit of both,” Saeko admitted. Deciding she needed to attack before
Majima took advantage of her hesitation, she glared at him and ran at him, sliding once she got
close enough and kicking his legs, sending him into the air; at the same time, Haruka, who was
close enough to mount a combo attack, jumped over her head and hit Majima mid-air with a flying
kick. Nanba and Kaito performed a similar combo attack, consisting of Nanba jumping into the air
to hit Majima with his umbrella and Kaito sliding underneath to attack his legs. Kaito then landed
on his feet and hit Majima’s face with a roundhouse kick and a wheel kick.
“You’re quick on your feet,” Majima chuckled as he re-oriented himself, “but I’m quicker!” He
dashed towards Kaito, hit him with a chop, then turned around and hit Haruka with a spinning back
fist; he turned his attention to Nanba and hit him with a 360 kick, and then attacked Saeko with a
back handspring kick; he finished the attack with a yell—“Yahoo!”—and hit all four of them
several times using a breakdancing windmill technique, leaving everybody very low on health.
“N-not good…” Haruka grunted. Realizing her allies needed a boost, she turned to all of them and,
despite her pain, gave them all a cute smile. “You’re my best friends!” she exclaimed in a much
higher register reminiscent of how she used to sound when she was a child. She showered her
friends in love and appreciation, and the overwhelming cuteness of her move gave everybody an
energy boost, restoring their health a great deal.
“Thanks!”
“Thank you…”
“‘Preciate it, Haruka-chan!”
It was Saeko’s turn next. “Hope you’re ready!” she growled as she pulled out a bottle of
champagne. She shook it so that it was nice and unstable, then pointed the end at Majima and
popped the cork, which flew into his face. A jet of alcohol sprayed all over him as well, and for
good measure, she chuckled the bottle itself at his face. It shattered when it made contact, sending
glass everywhere and causing his face to bleed.
Nanba decided to use his ultimate move. Haruka watched in awe as he spun around, then jumped
into the air. He glared at Majima and brought his liquor bottle to his face, chugging its entire
volume; she imagined that a small tarot card bearing an image of the Magician had appeared in
front of his face, and as he lifted his lighter to his face, the card burned away. A cloaked, pumpkinheaded creature holding a lantern and donning a witch’s hat appeared behind him, and with a wave
of his lantern, he lent Nanba his strength and disappeared.
ESSENCE OF PYRO PRISON
Nanba then breathed into the open flame and yelled out as a large vortex of purple fire spouted
from his mouth and encircled Majima, burning him badly. With his attack finished, he landed back
on the ground, a determined glare in his eyes.

In this moment, it became clear to Haruka—this RPG fantasy thing was cool as hell and she never
wanted it to end.
Deciding that he needed to follow Nanba’s attack with an equally powerful attack, Kaito decided to
team up with Haruka for a combo attack; he turned to her and smirked. “Let’s do this, Harukachan,” he said in a low growl as he ran at Majima. Nodding, Haruka followed. Kaito grabbed
Majima and turned him around, holding him still as he struggled to get free, while Haruka jumped
up, stepped onto Kaito’s back with one foot, and with her other kicked the back of Majima’s head,
hard.
TAG TEAM: EX BOMBARDIER BASH
Haruka hopped off of Kaito’s back and landed safely in front of Majima, while Kaito lifted his
opponent into the air and powerbombed him. Both stood over Majima’s broken body, ready for
more.
Majima stood back up and glared at his opponents, though there was a very noticeable degree of
excitement behind the glare.
“Give up, Majima-san?” Haruka asked, out of breath. “Because I have to be honest… this is
exhausting…”
“Hehehe…” Majima cackled. “Not even close. If this is all it takes to take you down, Haruto’s lost
already.”
The invocation of her son’s name ignited another fire in Haruka, and she steadied herself for what
was to come. “I didn’t say I was quitting either.”
“Good! That’s what I like to hear! Unfortunately, all of that was just a preview!” Majima rolled
across the ground and grabbed his dagger, holding it threateningly towards the party. A white Heat
aura radiated from his body as his smirked turned into a full-blown slasher grin. “Get ready for the
real thing!” He then gripped his left sleeve and yanked on it, tearing off his blazer and revealing his
floral-patterned Hannya irezumi, which covered his back, his biceps, and his upper torso. Targeting
Haruka directly, he leapt at her with his blade and performed a right reverse hook kick, a double
right slash, and a low left kick.
“Ngh!” she groaned in pain as she bled. Refusing to let that stop her, she pulled a Staminan Royale
out of her pocket and chugged it, restoring her energy.
Saeko more than made up for the turn Haruka had to forfeit with a critical attack from her handbag,
briefly stunning Majima, although with Haruka bleeding, an all-out attack was not possible. She
didn’t suffer for much longer however as Nanba, using his nursing experience, was able to bandage
her up quite well rather quickly, halting the bleeding. Kaito hit Majima with a ruffian’s kick, and
just like that, the Mad Dog’s turn was back up.
Cackling madly, Majima gripped his knife tightly and spun inhumanly fast, slashing all four of his
opponents repeatedly. He started to glow with a purple Heat aura as he did so, and to Haruka’s
surprise, another Majima appeared—and then another, and then another. She took a step back as
three shadowy clones of Majima stepped forward. One was unarmed, standing in his Thug battle
stance from before; the second twirled a bat around, embracing his inner Slugger; and the third was
also unarmed, but was dancing in place in his Breaker style. In the center of all of them stood the
Mad Dog, still wielding his blade and grinning widely. He threw his head back and cackled

frighteningly at the sky as it began to rain, and each Majima clone ran at one of Haruka’s party
members.
“Shit… brace yourselves!” Kaito yelled out. Thug Majima threw a punch at him, which he dodged
by rolling around. When he stood back up, he was surprised to find himself alone with Majima atop
a skyscraper—it appeared to be the rooftop helipad of the Millennium Tower in Kamurocho. “God
damn it… I’m done playing games!” Gripping his left sleeve, Kaito threw off his shirt, revealing
his scarred, muscular, conspicuously tattoo-free torso, signaling his intent to win this fight and win
it decisively. He got into his Bruiser stance and, unconstrained by the agonizing slowness of
Haruka’s inexperienced battle style, ran at Majima to settle things the old fashioned way—with a
straight up brawl.
He first attacked Majima with a drop kick he dubbed “Kaito Rocket 2.0”, then followed up with a
rush combo consisting of a right hook, a left hook, a right uppercut, and a left kick, finishing with a
right haymaker and a right flip kick, which launched Majima into the air. Switching to his Tank
style, Kaito juggled him with a wide right hook and a wide left hook, before switching back to his
Bruiser style and going through his rush combo one more time, altogether keeping him in the air
for six consecutive punches and kicks.
Upon finally hitting the ground, Majima stood up and threw several punches at Kaito, but he
quickstepped away from all of them and countered the final punch with a quick Bomb Punch,
knocking him to the floor, defeated.
Meanwhile, Slugger Majima had seemingly transported Nanba to Yoshida Batting Center in
Kamurocho, and the two engaged in a pseudo-sword fight. Majima’s bat clashed against Nanba’s
umbrella in this rather intense struggle to gain the upper hand. Nanba finally found his opening
when he held his umbrella sideways to block a hit from Majima’s bat, then pushed up against it,
sending him stumbling backwards. Nanba then yelled out and leapt in the air, and with an
outstretched foot, kicked Majima in the face, sending him to the ground, before dealing the
finishing blow with a swift umbrella to the chest, knocking all of the wind out of him. “Don’t mess
with a guy with nothing to lose,” Nanba taunted as Majima passed out.
Breaker Majima had transported Saeko to Iwao Bridge in Sotenbori. He appeared much younger,
now sporting a shaved face and longer hair tied back into a ponytail. His snake-themed eyepatch
was replaced with an ordinary black one, and he wore a plain black suit over a white shirt buttoned
up to his chest with a gold chain. Unfazed by the sudden change in scenery, Saeko hit him once
with her handbag, and then again with a roundhouse kick, sending him across the bridge. Majima
retaliated with a reverse right roundhouse kick, which Saeko evaded, though he followed the attack
with a charging windmill, which she couldn’t evade in time.
Deciding to use his penchant for moving around her to his advantage, Saeko disengaged and lured
him to the edge of the bridge. Once he leapt at her again, she grabbed him in midair and turned,
releasing him and sending him soaring over the bridge’s railing and into the water. “I’ll let the
homeless fish you out for dinner,” Saeko chuckled as he flailed in the water.
Finally, the real Majima had transported Haruka to a memory recreation of Shangri-La in
Kamurocho. The building crumbled around them, but neither of them signaled any intent to
evacuate until this battle was finished. “I’m impressed, Haruka-chan,” Majima chuckled, his tone a
bit more serious than before. “Ya really have grown into a little bit of a dragon yourself, haven’t
ya? Question is… is this what Kiryu-chan would have wanted?”

“Uncle Kaz isn’t here right now, Majima-san,” Haruka retorted. “He hasn’t been for six years. And
even if he was… Haruto’s life is at stake. So, sorry… but it doesn’t matter what he would have
wanted. I’ll do anything to make sure my child is home safe.”
“Anything at all?” Majima asked, a grin creeping up his face. “Ehehehe… that’s a dangerous road
to go down, Haruka-chan. What if doing what feels right turns into doing what you know is
wrong?”
“A mother without her child is a dangerous woman to cross,” Haruka responded without missing a
beat. “Besides… Right… wrong… it seems nobody has a clue what the difference is in this
country.”
“Really, now?” Majima asked, intrigued by the line of thought she seemed to be going down—and
not just because her words were strikingly similar to his own, not that she could possibly know that.
“Yeah. And I think you and I both know that only one thing really matters, when it comes down to
it. Listen… I know that the Mad Dog act is just that, Majima-san. I know you had people you’d do
anything to protect at one point in time.” Frowning as she thought back to the woman, Makoto,
who Majima seemed to be spying on earlier, she added “Maybe you still do. So tell me… what
would you do in my shoes?”
No time to lose…
Majima frowned, and an even more serious look entered his eye. “What would I do?” he repeated.
So I’ll find my path…
Then, Majima started to grin again.
Before anyone else.
“I’d be doin’ exactly what you’re doin’!” he exclaimed gleefully as he leapt at Haruka, performing
a one-handed cartwheel and slashing at her; she dodged this attack, and he responded with two
more slashes, which also missed. Growling, he tossed his dagger into the air and performed a 360
jump kick, kicking it towards Haruka. She bent over backwards to dodge the dagger, time seeming
to slow down as she did then performed her own kick, catching the handle with her toe and
redirecting it towards Majima. He rolled his eye as he dodged the dagger, which embedded itself in
the ground behind him. “Did ya really think that would—huh?” He was interrupted by a swift high
kick from Haruka, which sent him flying backwards. Haruka rolled towards the dagger and grabbed
it, then ran at Majima as he landed—the memory of Shangri-La faded around them, and his back
hit Park’s tombstone, leaving him with nowhere to run as Haruka thrust the dagger directly at him.
She halted the thrust just in time to avoid hitting him, the point of his own blade resting just inches
away from his one good eye, which widened as he stared it down. “A-ah…” Majima managed to
gasp out, having been genuinely surprised by this turn of events. Mentally, he kicked himself for
underestimating her to the point of completely letting his guard down.
Saeko, Nanba, and Kaito approached Haruka to back her up. “I believe that’s game, set, and
match,” Saeko taunted. All three looked ready for as many more rounds of this as it took. Kaito
even grinned as he put his shirt back on.

“Looks like you’re not the only one who knows their way around a blade, Majima,” Kaito
chuckled.
Majima glanced up at Haruka, who held the blade steady, a determined glare in her eyes. “I believe
you owe us some answers, Majima-san.”

Chapter 49: 1811
“Why ain’t ya finishin’ the job?” Majima asked darkly. Haruka, and her party, still had him on the
ropes, leaning up against Mirei Park’s grave following their lengthy battle. He was essentially
pinned to that point by his own dagger, which Haruka gripped tightly, pointing the tip at his one
good eye.
In response to his question, Haruka raised an eyebrow. “Why would I do that?”
“Ya wanted to find the reason Yuta died, right?” Majima chuckled. “Yer lookin’ at ‘im. Truth is… it
was my fault. The whole thing.” This caused Haruka to gasp softly.
“Wait… are you sayin’ you killed him?” Kaito asked. “There’s no way that’s true. It doesn’t make
any goddamn sense!”
“Tell me what happened, Majima-san,” Haruka demanded, though her tone was less authoritative
and more desperate. “Please… I need to know.”
“Hmph… fine. Although… I’m not sure this is the best place to talk about it…”
As if on cue, the group heard police sirens wailing in the distance. “Shit, somebody called the
cops,” Nanba groaned.
“We should take Majima to Akame’s,” Saeko suggested. “We’ll be able to interrogate him away
from prying eyes there.”
Haruka nodded and grabbed the sheath of Majima’s dagger from the ground, sheathing and
pocketing it. She then held a hand out for Majima, who glanced at it, confused. “Come on, Majimasan. Get up.”
“Huh? Uh, alright…” He gripped her hand and stood up, and the group made their way to the
cemetery’s exit. Unbeknownst to him, or really anyone in the group, they were being watched.
Kiryu, Kasuga, and Taichi stood nearby.
“Shit… she took Majima down?” Kasuga asked. “How the fuck…?”
“He was holding back,” Kiryu chuckled. “Although, maybe not as much as with you.”
“Huh? Hey, what’s that supposed to mean?” Kiryu and Taichi both couldn't hold back their
laughter, causing Kasuga to groan. "Man..."
***
Haruka’s group arrived at Akame’s hideout with Goro Majima in tow. Several more former Omi
Alliance yakuza were now stationed in the alleyway. Higashi and Tsuruno seemed to be midconversation in front of the door. “…so I was thinking of expanding operations here in Osaka,”
Higashi said.
“Uh huh. And ya think I can help with that?”

“Yeah! You know the area! Maybe you know where the kids hang out, someplace that could use a
new arcade.”
“You’re really serious about this, aren’t you…?”
Noticing that Haruka’s party had arrived, Higashi turned to them. “Haruka! Aniki! How did it…?”
He raised an eyebrow upon realizing that Majima was with them. “Oh, hell no. You brought that
psycho here?!”
“Yer too kind,” Majima chuckled. “Relax. I’m unarmed. Haruka-chan here’s got my blade.”
“Can you let us in, Higashi-san?” Haruka asked. “We need to ask Majima a few questions away
from prying eyes.”
Higashi nodded, and he and Tsuruno stepped aside. “You know, in the Tojo Clan, we learned how
to torture information out of people pretty good,” Higashi said threateningly. “Just say the word.”
“Hmph. No, that won’t be necessary.”
“Okay, if you say so…”
“Besides… that’s what Seonhee is for.”
Kaito leaned in to whisper to Saeko. “That’s a… joke, right?”
“Uh, knowing Haruka, probably. But if it isn’t… Well, that is what Seonhee is for.”
“Ah, jeez…”
The group entered the hideout, where Akame, Seonhee, and Amasawa were waiting. Amasawa
gasped upon seeing Majima, but steeled her nerves a moment later. “So… You’ve captured him,”
she deduced.
“Eh, not exactly,” Haruka replied, shaking her head. “He went easy on us.”
“How d’ya figure?” Majima asked.
“If you were fighting at your full capacity, we’d all be dead,” Haruka chuckled.
“Wait… that was you goin’ easy on us?” Kaito asked, before bowing his head in shame. “Man…”
“‘Course I was goin’ easy on ya,” Majima said as if it were the most obvious revelation in the
world. “Why wouldn’t I? Why would I try and hurt the girl Kiryu-chan died for? Or tried to,
anyway.”
Haruka’s smirk softened, becoming a slightly more neutral expression. “Why indeed,” she
muttered. “Sit down, Majima-san.”
Rolling his eye, Majima sat down on Akame’s couch, groaning as he settled in. He spread his legs
and leaned back, clearly making himself comfortable. “Agh, I’m getting too old for this shit…” he
muttered.

“I’m going to be frank with you, Majima-san,” Haruka said as she sat down across from him. “I
don’t believe you’re responsible for Yuta’s death, even if you believe it yourself. But you do know
more than anyone else does. That much, I do believe. So please… tell us everything you know.
Did… did Masataka Ebina kill him?”
Majima didn’t respond immediately. “Nah,” he muttered after a moment. “I mean… not directly.
Tell ya the truth, I think he’s more innocent than I am. Not completely, though.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well… Ebina was the reason we were in Tokyo to begin with. Actually… he’s the one who hired
us.”
***
December 20th, 2020
Isezaki Ijincho, Yokohama
The security company had been called to Yokohama for a job. Obviously, considering Ijincho was
hostile territory—what with the Seiryu Clan, the Geomijul, and the Liumang crawling all over the
place, keeping assholes like us out—Daigo didn’t wanna send any newbies out there. Initially, that
included Yuta. But… he insisted. Said the money was too good to pass up. Apparently, he’d been
planning a real romantic getaway for the two of you and needed some extra cash.
So, there we were. Me, Daigo, Saejima… and Yuta, walking through Ijincho. Not quite like we
owned the place, but still… it would’ve been hard not to notice us. But considering who it was that
invited us, we didn’t care.
Much.
“Majima-san,” Yuta said as we approached our destination. There he stood, with his slicked back
black hair, sporting the fancy new gray suit he bought to fit in with the rest of the company. “This
yakuza group… what do you think? You think we can trust them?”
Yuta Usami
Ex-Hirose Family, a Yomei Alliance Subsidiary
“‘Course we can’t,” I laughed, which I’m sure confused the hell out of him. “But it’s like ya said…
money’s too good to pass up.”
Daigo nodded, agreeing with me, obviously. “Yeah. And if there’s one thing the company needs
right now, it’s money,” he said. “The truth is… after those Tatara Channel reports, a lot of people
don’t want to work with us anymore. We need to take whatever jobs we can.”
“Mm…” Yuta sighed. “Yeah… but, you know, the internet’s got a short attention span. We’ll
bounce back. We gotta.”
Daigo chuckled. “I like that spirit. Now then…”
We all looked up at the building in front of us. The Seiryu Clan’s headquarters. Honestly, it seemed
ironic that we all dropped our flags with the yakuza, only to do work for the yakuza all over again.

It was like nothing changed at all. Actually, it reminded me of being in exile in Osaka all over
again. Felt like I had no control over my own destiny. The hell did we disband for, if this is what it
was gonna turn into?
But I digress. A yakuza in a dark gray suit waited for us at the door. As I’m sure you might’ve
guessed… that was Ebina, at the time, a promising new Seiryu Clan recruit. The way I heard it, he
used to be a cop, until he suddenly abandoned his post and swore up. No clue what that was about,
but whatever the case… he was here now, and he was apparently earning the family a boatload of
cash.
“Daigo Dojima,” he greeted, bowing. “Goro Majima. Taiga Saejima. It’s a pleasure to finally meet
you all.” I’m sure you’re aware… Ebina’s fake as fuck. He didn’t enjoy meeting us. He hated us. I
could see it in his eyes, and frankly, besides that, something about this job already smelled.
“You must be Ebina,” I scoffed, probably to Daigo’s annoyance—he was supposed to be doing the
talking. Apparently I got a bad habit of pissing people off when I talk to them. To me, that sounded
like a “them” problem. “And by the way, there’s four of us here. Don’t leave the kid out.”
“I-it’s fine, Majima-san,” Yuta stammered, the spineless welp… What’s that look for?
“Nah, it ain’t fine,” I replied, shaking my head. “He’s bein’ rude. I can’t stand that shit.”
Ebina chuckled. “My apologies. May I ask who you are?”
Yuta’s eyes widened. “Y-Yuta Usami, sir.”
“Don’t bow,” I added before he could. “You ain’t yakuza anymore. Ya don’t owe these guys a lick
of respect.”
“Ah, come on, Majima-san,” Yuta chuckled. “This guy is a paying customer. Surely a little bit of
courtesy wouldn’t hurt.” He composed himself and bowed his head. “Please, forgive my colleague,
Ebina-san,” he said gracefully.
“Yeah, bro,” Saejima laughed. “Ease the fuck up. This guy’s a client. At least try and act like ya
wanna stay in business.”
“Fine… I’m just confused what a growing yakuza clan needs private security for,” I admitted.
“What’s yer game, man?”
“Ah, well…” Ebina sighed, crossing his arms. “This is a bit embarrassing, but… it’s not muscle we
need, exactly… rather, we’re hoping you could help us with… intelligence.”
I raised my eyebrow, intrigued but still a bit confused. “Huh? We ain’t detectives, man.”
“Oh, but… I believe for this job in particular, you all might be better than detectives. You all were
Tojo Clan, right?” This was when I knew for sure I couldn’t trust this asshole. He knew we were
Tojo Clan. There’s no way he didn’t. “Here… we should head somewhere a bit quieter. Not inside.
The truth is, my patriarch doesn’t know I’ve called you. Come, there’s a place in the Bar District I
think we can use.”
He led us to a place in the Bar District called “Survive”. Honestly, with how hard the pandemic had
hit Yokohama, we were surprised it was still open. The lady working the bar, a young woman in a

low-cut green top, smiled at us, even though we were clearly up to no good.
“Welcome!” she greeted. “The owner has stepped out for a bit, but I can help you with whatever
you need.”
Ebina flashed a stack of cash. “Can you keep the bar closed until we’re done?” he asked as he
placed the cash on the counter. “I have business to discuss.”
The lady frowned and nodded. “You must be our guests from the Seiryu Clan. I was told you might
be coming. Yes, take as long as you need.” She walked to the door and turned the sign from “open”
to “closed”, then stepped back behind the bar. “Let me know if you need anything else.”
Ebina bowed his head politely. “Thank you.” He took a seat at a table and urged all of us to sit with
him, which we did. “Now then… your… company… It’s largely ex-yakuza from the Tojo Clan and
the Omi Alliance, yes?”
“What’s it to you?” I asked. This was when Daigo gave me this look that said “shut the fuck up”, so
I did.
“Yes, we were formed from the ashes of their mutual dissolution last year,” he explained. “We
wanted to make sure that the ex-yakuza had a place to go after all was said and done. Everybody
needs honest work… and we seek to provide those opportunities.”
Ebina smiled at him. “That’s admirable indeed. Many would have left it up to the police to pick up
the pieces. The truth is… I’ve been pondering a similar idea. Prefectural governments are only
becoming stricter and stricter for the yakuza. I fear people like us may be a dying breed, so… I’ve
been planning a similar dissolution, inspired by your great sacrifice.”
“You want to dissolve the Seiryu Clan?” Daigo asked.
“And reincorporate it as a legitimate company, yes. You can see why my patriarch can’t know I’ve
called you.”
“Mhmm. Makes sense to me,” Saejima nodded. “So, what’s your action plan?”
“Well… I noticed that quite a few of your former followers remain on the streets,” Ebina said. “In
Kamurocho especially.”
Daigo frowned and nodded. “Yeah. Many former Tojo Clan defected to the Omi Alliance’s
Arakawa Family after the dissolution, which then became the Omi’s main family. As far as we
know, they, too, disbanded after Governor Aoki was murdered and Patriarchs Sawashiro and Tendo
were imprisoned. Unfortunately, because of that, there wasn’t a cohesive organization through
which we could make contact.”
“Yes, that is rather unfortunate,” Ebina sighed. “As luck would have it, the Seiryu Clan’s chairman
has just announced, internally, a plan to expand into Tokyo, and I have been tasked with
recruitment. I’m sure you see where this is going.”
Daigo nodded. “Yeah. You’re planning to recruit as many ex-Tojo in Tokyo as you can and
transition all of them into legitimate work.”

“Yes, but unfortunately, I’ve run into a bit of a hiccup. You see… there’s a hangure group that
formed in Kamurocho at some point last year, and they’ve recruited a lot of ex-Tojo. I suspect that
their leader may have been a Tojo Clan bigshot before the dissolution.” Ebina reached into his suit
pocket and pulled out a photograph, placing it on the table in front of us. “I was wondering if you
knew anything about this man in the center.”
The photograph was a candid, but it was clear enough that we could see the guy. He was a skinny
guy with pale skin and short brown hair with bangs. He was surrounded by other guys, but only one
of note; some muscular dude with blonde hair wearing a cheetah-print v-neck. Daigo took a look at
the photo.
“Hmm… I could be wrong, but… this looks to me like Kazuki Soma,” he said. “He was an officer
candidate for the Nikkyo Consortium, one of our direct families. Had a lot of potential, maybe even
could have led his own family down the line. But one day… he just vanished.” Daigo looked back
at Ebina. “You think he’s leading this new gang?”
“Yes,” Ebina affirmed. “They’re called RK, and I was hoping you could make contact with him,
and see if you could convince him to allow his organization to be absorbed by the Seiryu Clan.
We’ve faced resistance so far, but if the Sixth Chairman asked...”
“He ain’t got no loyalty,” I scoffed, rolling my eye. “He didn’t buy himself out of the clan. He
didn’t even tell his patriarch he was goin’. He just left. He’s not gonna listen to us.”
“But we can still try,” Yuta argued. “Come on. Imagine the headlines if we manage to get the
biggest gang in Kamurocho to disband.”
“Clearing the way for a takeover of the city by Yokohama’s biggest yakuza group,” Saejima added.
“It ain’t gonna look good.”
“I assure you, the public will not recognize the connection,” Ebina promised. “Besides, there are
some in Tokyo who actually miss the yakuza. RK’s bloody atrocities go far beyond protection
rackets and arms sales. These people are killers. Drug dealers. Sex traffickers. They are the worst
possible version of the yakuza, devoid of honor or reason. So, yes. Some will refuse to join no
matter what. But… if we can gain a foothold in Kamurocho, the ones who reject salvation can be
weeded out… and dealt with. I even have a contact in Hawaii willing to help. And all you have to
do… is get Soma to stand down.”
Daigo seemed unsure. Saejima, too. I was sure of one thing. This was a bad fucking idea. But
Yuta… he had more faith than any of us. And unfortunately… that was his downfall.
***
Majima stared at his own lap as he recounted the tale. “We didn’t see Ebina again after that,” he
said. “So even though he set the events in motion… he’s not yer killer.”
“And what’s more, it sounds like you guys had a run-in with RK,” Kaito added, glancing at
Higashi. “We dealt with them last year. Nasty bunch. And that Soma… Man, he was a sick puppy.”
Realizing something, his eyes widened and looked back at Majima. “Wait… did Soma…?”
Majima didn’t answer right away. Haruka’s fists tightened on her lap, her knuckles turning white.
“Majima-san…” she muttered, tears welling up in her eyes. “What happened next?”

He sighed. “This next part… it’s gonna sting,” he said, his fake Kansai accent suddenly
disappearing. “And if you don’t want me dead already, you’re gonna. You sure you wanna hear it?”
“I have to. I… I need to know the truth.”
“Not that it’ll do you much good anymore…” Kaito muttered, earning him a look from Haruka.
“Why not?”
“I’ll tell you in a minute.” He looked at Majima and nodded. “Continue.”
“Right… So, anyway… Yuta insisted on goin’ to Kamurocho. Obviously, we weren’t gonna let him
do that alone, so we all went too. To find Soma, the four of us split up and tried to find clues as to
where RK’s members usually hung out. I was comin’ up dry, til I got a call from Yuta…”
***
“Yo, what’s the word?” I asked as I bit into a rice ball, leaving the Tenkaichi Street Poppo. …Don’t
give me that look. I was hungry.
“Majima-san,” he said in a hushed voice. “I’ve been tailing some RK goons. One of them is the
other guy in that photo with Soma. Some meathead named Daimu Akutsu. They just went into a
building in Theater Alley. Can you meet me there?”
“I’m close by,” I responded. “Have ya called the others?”
“Yeah, but they’re on the other side of town. Dojima’s at Kamurocho Hills, and Saejima’s in the
Champion District. They’ll be here as soon as they can, but I’m worried about sticking around here
too long.”
“Alright, I’ll be right there.” Sighing, I hung up and finished my snack, making my way to Theater
Alley, where of course, Yuta was waiting. Well, hiding, more like, behind a light pole.
“Majima-san!” he called out. “Over here!”
“Ya know everyone can see ya, right?” I asked, laughing. “So, where’re they at?”
“In there,” he replied, pointing to an unassuming building around the corner. “I saw Akutsu walk
right in. Do you think Soma might be in there?”
“Only one way ta find out!” I cackled. “Come on, Yuta-chan. Let’s go introduce ourselves.”
“Huh? Shouldn’t we wait for the others?”
“Ah, they’ll catch up.” That, as it turned out, was mistake number two of the night. The first, of
course, was takin’ the damn job in the first place. I took him, and we approached the building,
waltzing in like we owned the damn place; because at one point in time, I’m pretty sure I did!
Some gorilla in a tacky cheetah-print shirt stood in the room we found ourselves in, talking to some
of his subordinates. This, I assumed, was…
Daimu Akutsu

RK Officer
He glanced at us, then jumped. “Hey! What the fuck?! Who told you you could just waltz in…
huh? Hey, wait a second…” he said, staring straight at me. Clearly, he recognized me. “Holy shit…
Is that the Mad Dog of fucking Shimano?”
Jackpot , I thought. This idiot knew who I was. We didn’t even need to wait for the others. “Yo.
You must be Akutsu,” I greeted. “I gotta talk to yer boss.”
Akutsu’s surprised look fell real quick. He seemed a bit offended that I assumed he had a boss.
Small dick syndrome, one can only assume. He seemed the type to use steroids. “I am the boss.
Now what are you doin’ here? The Tojo Clan’s done.”
“What, I can’t drop in, see how the kids are doin’?” I asked, looking around. “Man… not well, it
seems. This place is a shithole! This can’t be RK’s main base of operations. Nah, it’s clear Soma
left you with the shitty backup hideout.”
“Uh, okay, hold up,” Akutsu interrupted, holding a hand up. “Soma didn’t leave me with shit,
okay? This right here? It’s our main spot. You think all the cool shit is on the ground floor? Nah.
It’s all downstairs. Matter of fact, Soma’s here, too. Yeah, this place is pretty fuckin’ killer, so
watch your mouth!”
“He is?” I asked. “Oh, cool. Don’t mind if I do,” I chuckled, walking to the door leading
downstairs. “Come on, kid.”
“Uh? Hey, wait!” Akutsu called out. Growling, he tried to take a swing at me. As I’m sure you
know, if I was in the mood for a bloodbath that day, I’d have whooped his ass. But I wasn’t, and I
didn’t need to, either, because your husband grabbed him and pushed him against the wall. He was
a lot stronger than he looked, I’ll give him that.
“Hey. Relax,” Yuta said as Akutsu struggled against his grip. “We’re just here to have a little chat
with Soma.” Akutsu, of course, was able to overpower him. He grabbed a nearby bottle and
smashed it over your man’s head. “Agh, shit!” he groaned as he dropped Akutsu and fell over,
clutching his head.
“Oh, big mistake, asshole,” I muttered, reaching for my dagger. “If you want a fight, yer gonna get
one!”
But that fight didn’t happen. I heard somebody clearing his throat from behind me. “Are you all
quite done?” he asked, before sniffing. I turned, and there he was.
“S-Soma!” Akutsu said, his eyes widening in surprise. “I was just getting these assholes out of
here.” Soma rolled his eyes and held a handkerchief to his nose, sniffling once more.
“Is that how you intend to treat such a… distinguished guest?” he asked.
Kazuki Soma
RK Leader
“Goro Majima, in the flesh,” Soma greeted me. “I don’t think anybody expected you to show your
face in Kamurocho again, but nonetheless… Welcome.”

“You ain’t got that virus that’s been goin’ around, do you?” I asked, gesturing to his handkerchief. I
was not trying to get sick dealing with these brats.
“Dust allergy,” he clarified. Figures . “Why don’t we head downstairs, and we can have that little
chat you came for. Akutsu! Don’t bother us.”
“Whatever you say…” Akutsu grumbled. He hated taking orders from this prick. I could tell. But
as much as he hated it, he still was. He must have been scared shitless of the guy. That, incidentally,
was mistake number three… I didn’t read the room. If I had, maybe Yuta would still be here…
Anyway. Soma took us downstairs. Their place was clearly still under construction, but the best I
could tell, they were building some kinda nightclub. I dunno if it was a front, or if it was for private
use; RK apparently made off with a lot of Tojo cash in the chaos after the Great Dissolution, and
they were running protection rackets all over Kamurocho, so I assumed they were rolling in enough
dough to build a place like this for themselves. He sat the two of us down at a table by the dance
floor.
Two very beautiful women sat on either side of him. You shoulda seen the pair on the brunette. To
Yuta’s credit, his eyes did not wander. Man was loyal to the end. He was focused solely on Soma,
who turned to the brunette and said, “We have a visitor. Tojo Clan royalty. Show him some
hospitality, why don’t you?” The woman nodded and stood up, leaving to go get something. “Now
then, Goro Majima… What brings you back to Kamurocho? Planning some sort of Tojo Clan
revival? Rounding up some old Majima Family boys?”
“You talk like yer wearin’ a wire.”
“As the leader of the most powerful organization in Kamurocho, it would be a severe
miscalculation to not keep my ear to the ground. I’m just trying to stay informed.”
“Whatever ya say, ‘Kazuki Soma’,” I chuckled. I admit, I was chompin’ at the bit. Started talkin’
like I was wearin’ a wire too. “Well, I, Goro Majima, feared former Patriarch of the Majima Family
and second-in-command of the Tojo Clan… have gone legit. Dontcha pay attention to the news?”
“Come now, Majima-san,” Soma chuckled. “We all needed to adapt. You don’t have to pretend
around here.”
“There’s no pretending here,” Yuta corrected. “Dojima Security is a legitimate organization. We get
pensions and everything. You’d know, if you stuck around past the Great Dissolution.”
Soma stared at Yuta for a moment. He seemed intrigued by the kid. “And who might you be?” he
asked.
“Yuta Usami,” Yuta answered. “I was a yakuza, but not anymore. I’ve gone straight. We all have.
Maybe… you could, too?”
“Usami-san… That name doesn’t sound familiar. And you don’t sound like you’re from Tokyo.
What organization were you with?”
I raised an eyebrow. “Okay, seriously now, are you actually wearin’ a wire? What’s with all the
questions?” I could see a flicker of annoyance in his eyes, but he hid it pretty well. “Hey, it don’t
matter to me if ya are. Like I said. We dropped our flags. I don’t have anything to hide.”

“Then why are you here? What was the point in coming back?”
I had to pick my words very carefully. Somehow, I didn’t think “we were paid to tell you to
disband” would be received very well, and I was steadily becoming more and more aware of the
growing number of RK dickheads who were surrounding me and Yuta. “Just feel like ya missed the
boat, is all,” I said. “After all… you ditched the clan a couple of months before the Omi ran us out
of Kamurocho.” This was when a thought started to enter my head. Maybe I shouldn’t have voiced
it… but I knew if I didn’t, it was gonna keep buggin’ me. “...Seems a little convenient, don’t you
think? It’s almost like… you knew they were coming. ” Soma’s face didn’t betray any of his
thoughts, but the extra second it took him to respond told me all I needed to know.
“What exactly are you implying?” he asked, a threatening undertone to his words.
“Ya sure you want me to say it in front of all of your boys? Because if what I’m thinkin’ is true…
they’re gonna murder you the second I walk outta here.”
“The writing was on the wall, Majima,” Soma suddenly snapped. His calm, collected mask was
starting to come undone. “The Tojo Clan’s days were numbered. Everyone could see that. Well…
everyone with a brain, that is. You knew it, too, considering you were instrumental in orchestrating
the facade that was Masumi Arakawa’s defection.”
I narrowed my eye at the man. “Oh-ho… It looks like we both know things about each other…
Whatever. I’m not here to toss accusations. Like I said, I don’t really care one way or the other. I’m
just here… to give you an opportunity.”
“An opportunity?”
“Yeah. I’m askin’ ya to disband. The cops are gonna crack down on you just like they did to us.
They don’t care that you’re not yakuza. Actually, they’d probably prefer it if ya were. If you drop
yer flags… I promise you, there will be a legitimate job waiting for each and every one of your
men, either with our company, or with a group out in Yokohama that’s lookin’ to help ex-yakuza
make the transition.”
Soma rolled his eyes. “Not interested. I assure you, the police are no threat to RK.”
“I bet they aren’t,” I chuckled. “Funny… I heard back in the Tojo Clan, they used to assign you to
makin’ the police informants ‘disappear’... if only they knew just who they were givin’ that job
to…”
Just then, the woman returned with a cup of tea. Now, I’m not much of a tea drinker… if I had
been…
“What’s this?”
“Tea for my guest,” Soma said in a low voice. “I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask you to leave,
now, Goro Majima. But it would be rude of me to send you away without a beverage, at least. You
must be parched after a long day’s work.”
I thought nothing of it and shook my head. “Nah. Not a tea guy.”
“Please… why insult me by refusing?”

“Oh, now you wanna talk about honor?”
“Majima-san…” Yuta said nervously as the RK goons stepped just a bit closer. “...maybe just drink
the tea? His men…”
“Nope. Maybe I’m bein’ stubborn, but he didn’t even think to ask what I wanted,” I said, crossing
my arms. “Not a very good host, if ya ask me.”
Yuta rolled his eyes and grabbed the cup. I did nothing to stop him. That… was mistake number
four. “For the love of… Soma-san, do you mind?”
Soma seemed surprised, his eyes widening briefly. “Uh… no… by all means.”
Yuta nodded and drank the tea. I could tell by the look on his face that he was ignoring the burning
sensation in his throat. “Come on,” he whispered to me as he put the cup down. “We can come back
with Dojima-san and Saejima-san… maybe they’ll be a bit more convincing.”
“Fine,” I scoffed as I stood up. “We’re gettin’ nowhere with this chump, anyway.”
“Thank you for your hospitality, Soma-san,” Yuta said, bowing. “Please… give thought to what
we’ve said. It really would be in the best interest of your men.”
“You seem like a nice kid,” Soma muttered. “A shame you’ve allowed Goro Majima to pave your
pathway to hell.”
“Ah, he’s not that bad,” Yuta chuckled. “My wife said she’d trust him with her life, so I do too.”
“Don’t tell him ya got a wife!” I scolded as I pushed him along. “That’ll just cause problems later.”
We left the building, under Soma’s watchful eye…
***
Haruka stared at Majima, her eyes wide and full of emotion. Majima couldn’t tell if it was shock…
or sadness… or hatred. He averted his eyes from her, ashamed. “Yuta fell ill later that night,” he
muttered. “You know the rest of the story from there. The doctors said they didn’t know what was
wrong, and… that they couldn’t do anything. Maybe it was a coincidence… but I’m pretty sure that
Soma was trying to poison me, and ended up getting him instead. I went back there after we got
Yuta to a hospital, ready to kick his teeth in, but suddenly, he had retreated from the streets. Soon
enough, that Akutsu chump became the public face of RK, just like he wanted. But still... if I had
just accepted that tea, Yuta wouldn’t have had any of it…”
“And you would have died instead...” Haruka muttered.
Majima took a deep breath, and looked her in the eyes. “You must hate me,” he said. “I would.”
“No…” Haruka muttered, shaking her head. “Even if I blamed you, which I don’t… It’s not what
Yuta would have wanted. He was ready to die if it meant protecting the three of you. Daigo,
Saejima… and you, Majima-san. He’d have taken a bullet for you. That’s how he was brought up
in the yakuza.”
“I had a duty to protect him, and I failed,” Majima argued.
“Perhaps. But… still. You didn’t kill him.”

She then looked down at her lap. She was silent for several moments. Everybody was. Nobody
wanted to say a word, until Kaito spoke up. “Soma… That motherfucker…” he growled, clenching
his fists. “I’m sorry, Haruka-chan.”
“And why are you sorry?”
“Because… you’ll never get the revenge you deserve.”
“Huh?”
“Thing is…” Kaito looked up at Haruka, an apologetic look in his eyes. “Soma’s dead.” He sighed
and looked back down at the ground. “They found him hangin’ by a bedsheet in his jail cell, three
weeks ago. His trial for the crimes he committed last year was supposed to start the next day.”
“He killed himself?” Saeko asked.
“That’s what they say, but…” Kaito said, sighing. “Me… I don’t believe it. Majima’s assumption
was right, he was a cop. He worked for Public Security, and they gave him free reign to do
whatever the fuck he wanted, as long as they accomplished their goals. His testimony was set to
expose unprecedented levels of corruption in the government, and would probably have led to the
imprisonment of countless government officials who were complicit in his crimes. So… I’m pretty
sure he was murdered.”
“So… my husband’s killer… is already dead,” Haruka muttered. She felt she should have been
comforted by that information, but for some reason it just made her feel… empty, like she had been
robbed of justice herself. Her burning hatred for Masataka Ebina had subsided, now that she knew
he was innocent at least of this crime, and in its place… was nothing. She stood up and walked to
the door.
“Where are ya goin?” Akame asked, raising an eyebrow.
“I… I need to be alone, for a moment,” Haruka muttered. “I’ll be back. See if you can find a lead
on Mabuchi and Watanabe. I’m not losing my son, too.” Then, she opened the door, stepped
outside, and shut it behind her, leaving the rest of the room stunned in silence.
As she stepped onto the streets, she started to aimlessly wander, unaware that she was being
watched from a nearby alley. Kiryu, Taichi, and Kasuga had once again followed her.
Taichi looked at Kiryu. “Uncle Kaz… What are we gonna do? Things are getting more and more
dangerous for her.”
Kiryu nodded. “I agree. I can't get involved myself, and you probably shouldn’t either…” Turning
his head to Kasuga, he added “Kasuga, on the other hand…”
“Huh? Wait… are you saying what I think you’re saying, Kiryu-san?” Kasuga asked.
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. I think it’s time you introduced yourself. Keep an eye on her. Keep her safe.
There’s… nobody that I’d trust more right now to do that.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “K-Kiryu-san…!” Composing himself, he grinned, and gave him a
determined look. “You can count on me!”

Kiryu nodded and turned to Taichi. “Come on, Taichi. Let’s go. We need to keep searching for
Mabuchi and Chihiro.”
Taichi nodded. “Right!” He followed Kiryu, leaving Kasuga alone.
“Heh. Don’t worry, Kiryu-san… I’m gonna make you proud!” Kasuga adjusted his suit and set out.

Chapter 50: Playing The Fool
Kasuga tailed Haruka from a safe distance as she wandered the streets of Sotenbori, which still held
the lingering odor of trouble all of these years later. Honestly, this whole “stalking” thing? It wasn’t
really his bag. But he couldn’t approach her directly. Not yet. Not until he knew the best way to do
so.
So, he simply followed her as she crossed the Iwao Bridge and turned left onto Sotenbori Street. At
one point, she stopped walking, then turned around to gaze into the crowd of people behind her.
She seemed to suspect she was being followed.
“Oh, shit,” Kasuga swore as he ducked behind a wall, waiting for her suspicion to subside.
“Hm…” Haruka hummed. “Must have been nothing…” She turned back around and continued her
journey, allowing Kasuga to continue tailing her.
“That was close…” he muttered. He stepped back out and opted to blend into the crowd, hoping
that would lead to less close calls like that. He followed her as she walked up the street, staring at
the neon lights and into the windows of the well-decorated restaurants. At one point, she focused
her attention on a large television screen atop a row of buildings across from the Cabaret Grand,
which was broadcasting a news bulletin.
“…Tokyo Metropolitan Police have narrowed the scope of their investigation into the murder of
suspected boss Hachiro Sano. Due to a lack of evidence placing them at the scene, police have
halted their pursuit of several Tokyo and Yokohama individuals. Ichiban Kasuga, Fumiya Sugiura,
Toru Higashi, and Makoto Tsukumo are no longer wanted by police. Takayuki Yagami remains
wanted for questioning, due to his links to Masaharu Kaito, although this station expects charges
against him to be dropped shortly. Analysts are speculating that charges will eventually be dropped
against most others pursuant to an anti-yakuza law signed by the late Governor Ryo Aoki, which
assigns the heaviest blame to a yakuza group’s chairman for most crimes. Okinawa Prefectural
Police have established checkpoints near Morning Glory Orphanage, which residents say is
disruptive to…”
Well, at least I can rest a little easier, Kasuga thought, though it stung a little to see the young
master’s picture appear on screen, if only briefly. That’s not good enough, though. Don’t worry,
Haruka. I’ll prove your innocence soon enough. Haruka sighed and turned her back from the TV,
then started walking south across Bishamon Bridge, eventually making her way up a set of stairs
and into a karaoke bar. A bar, huh? Whatever Goro Majima had to say to her must not have been
fun.
“Kasuga,” he heard a voice from nearby calling for his attention. Turning his head, he saw Kiryu
leaning against a wall, smoking a cigarette.
“Kiryu-san,” Kasuga greeted. “Haruka’s in there… What the hell are you wearing? And where’s
Taichi?”
Kiryu groaned. “Taichi’s with Adachi and the others. As for my outfit…” Kiryu seemed to be
wearing a Santa Claus costume over a fisherman-style striped blue and white sweater with the

name ‘Ono’ emblazoned on it. An oversized hassaku-shaped headpiece sat on the floor next to him.
“…let’s just say I got roped into a bit of a side gig.”
Kasuga smirked. “Playin’ Ono Michio for a day, huh? Heh. You’ve got some big shoes to fill. I
hear nobody’s been able to live up to the original actor.”
“Kasuga… I am the original actor.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “Huh? No freakin’ way! Are you serious?!”
“Focus, Kasuga,” Kiryu said. “I take it you haven’t made contact with Haruka yet?”
“Nah. I gotta find the right way to introduce myself. I’m a little worried about blowin’ your cover.”
Kiryu shrugged. “She won’t be in there forever, so you better figure something out. As for me…”
He sighed as he put the headpiece on. “…I have a Christmas event to attend.”
“Alright, have fun, Kiryu-santa.”
Kiryu turned to Kasuga. He couldn’t see it behind the charming hassaku face, but he could feel
Kiryu glaring at him. Then, shaking his head, the Dragon of Dojima turned back away from him
and walked in the direction of Sotenbori Street, singing softly under his breath. “Sayonara, Silent
Night, you drift away sleeping in arms that aren’t mine…”
“Heh,” Kasuga chuckled. “Just what the hell do you get up to when I’m not around, Kiryu-san…?
Oh, shoot, I gotta focus. Okay… Haruka-chan’s just in there… I should get ready to… hm?”
In a crowd of people crossing Bishamon Bridge, Kasuga could very clearly make out Saeko
heading south, towards him, though it seemed she hadn’t seen him yet.
S-Sa-chan?! Oh, shit… Unable to face her quite yet, he stepped into the shadows where Kiryu had
just been standing.
“God, I hate mascots…” Saeko muttered as she approached the same set of buildings Haruka had
entered and climbed the stairs. “That Ono Michio actor wouldn’t stop staring at me. What a creep.”
She entered the same bar Haruka patronized.
“Seems I’m not the only one that was following her,” Kasuga muttered to himself. “Well, shit.
What now? Hm…” Sighing and shrugging, he took his suit jacket off and pulled a small hair tie out
of its pocket. He grabbed his unwieldy Ichi-fro and pulled his hair back, tying it into a neat
ponytail. To complete the look, he pulled out a pair of sunglasses and a baseball cap and put them
both on. “When in doubt, go in disguise.” With nowhere else to put it, he folded his jacket into a
neat square and left it sitting on a bench, praying that nobody would take it. “Alright. Let’s do this.”
***
Saeko entered the establishment and saw Haruka sitting at the bar, a glass of whiskey in front of
her. “Careful,” she said, her tone light as she approached. “Keep drinking in a bad mood, and soon
it’ll be all you crave when you’re upset.”
Haruka’s eyes widened and she looked up a Saeko. “Huh? Sa-chan?”

“Then you’ll end up like me… and trust me, you don’t want that.” Saeko sat down next to her, a
warm smile on her face. “You okay?”
Haruka sighed and looked back down at her glass. “Yeah…” she muttered. “Or… I will be,
anyway.”
While they spoke, Kasuga casually entered the bar and quietly made his way to a table in the corner
of the room. He sat down without ordering, wishing not to draw too much attention to himself as he
observed their conversation.
“The truth is,” Haruka continued, “I… thought that learning the truth about Yuta’s death… finding
out who his killer was… I could find peace.” Taking a deep breath, she added, “Once I had… done
what needed to be done. Confronted them. Put them through the same pain that I felt. Who knows
if I would have been able to actually do it… He wouldn’t have wanted me to… to kill anyone to
avenge him. But these last few days, it was on my mind. A lot. Does that make me evil?”
Saeko shook her head. “I think it’s natural to have those thoughts. When somebody’s done
something so horrible to you, nobody can blame you for wanting to inflict the same pain on them.
…Do you remember when I told you about that man Ichiban nearly killed in Ijincho a few years
back?”
Kasuga’s eyes widened upon hearing that.
“Yeah,” Haruka sighed. “It was when you warned me against going after Ebina.”
“The truth is… I don’t think I’d have tried to stop you if you did,” Saeko admitted. “Even back
then, when Ichiban was beating down a man who couldn’t fight back… Even as I was terrified that
he was losing himself to his anger… there was a part of me that wanted to cheer him on. Some
people in this world… they don’t deserve to live. I don’t think it’s up to us to decide that, but… I
can’t pretend I wouldn’t be thinking the same thing you or Ichiban did if somebody had killed
someone so important to me.
“Ichiban’s outlook changed a bit after Masato was murdered,” she continued. “He believes in
redemption for everyone. Even for people who had hurt him. And… your actions with Majima,
even when his allegiances were in question, communicate the same values to me. Ultimately, I
think that even if given the opportunity, you wouldn’t have killed Soma. I think, like him, your
heart’s too good for that. But regardless, the ability to make that decision was taken from you by
his murderers. Some would say that’s a good thing, but… I can understand why it’d leave you
feeling a bit hollow.”
“Mm… yeah…” Haruka looked back down at the amber liquid in her glass, her own distorted
reflection looking back at her. “Sa-chan… You know exactly what to say to make me feel better…”
“Heh. What are friends for?”
“The truth is, the support you’ve given me… all of you… you, Nanba, Seonhee, Kaito and
Higashi… It’s been something I’ve been missing these last two years.” Haruka frowned as she
thought about it some more. “…Hm… Something I’ve been missing…”
Kasuga smiled as he watched the interaction. He slowly started to stand up, ready to introduce
himself and start to set things right for everyone.

Haruka, however, felt the urge to take an impulsive action of her own. She chugged the rest of her
drink, causing Kasuga to pause in confusion. “Huh?”
Saeko, too, raised an eyebrow. “Huh? Uh, Haruka, are you ok— mhm!” She grunted in surprise as
Haruka leaned in and forcefully mashed their lips together.
Kasuga’s eyes widened, and his jaw dropped in shock. What… the… fuck?!
The kiss, messy and fueled by alcohol, lasted only a moment before Haruka pulled away, already
regretting her decision. She backed up from her and looked back down at her drink. “I… I’m sorry,
Sa-chan,” she muttered. “That wasn’t appropriate. But the truth is… I’ve wanted to do that for a
while now. I tried to push these feelings away, because… they make me feel… unfaithful. Like I’m
betraying Yuta’s memory somehow. And… I know you still hold a torch for Kasuga. I don’t… I
don’t know what I was thinking, I just…” She trailed off, closing her eyes and taking a deep breath.
“I can’t lie to you anymore. Saeko… I…” she started to confess, opening her eyes and looking back
up at the spot where Saeko was, only to find that she was gone. “…Saeko?” The front door
slammed shut. “S-Sa-chan?”
Kasuga turned to the door, the shocked look remaining on his face. “Huh?” He turned back to
Haruka. “Huh?! Huh?!” What the hell just happened?! he thought to himself, straining to hold back
his rather animated reaction to the incredibly distressing thing he just saw. His thoughts started
racing. They just kissed! Haruka just kissed her! What’s been going on while I was gone?! Is Sachan into women, now?! Did I fuck up that bad?!?!?!?!?! He hung his head in shame, a black hole
of despair threatening to consume him. I’m gonna be alone forever. Why, God? Why have you made
me your cosmic plaything?! I can’t believe this. I… that’s…
He took a deep breath and composed himself, shaking the thoughts away. That’s not what’s
important right now, he told himself, even though his heart was shattering into roughly twenty
million pieces, give or take a couple of million pieces. What’s important is that Haruka needs my
help. And besides, Sa-chan… didn’t exactly react well to that kiss. Maybe I’m not completely
screwed.
As Kasuga contemplated the situation, Haruka sighed and stood up. Hm? What’s she doing now?
She made her way to the Joysound station in the corner of the bar, paid the fee, and grabbed a
microphone. Ah…
As she scrolled down the list of songs available, she paused, hovering over one song in particular.
Bakamitai
Weekly Top Score: 100% - Taichi Suzuki
“Are you serious…?” she muttered. Sighing, she scrolled up to the song just above it, tapped it with
her finger, and put the tablet down as a depressing synth and saxophone heavy instrumental started
to play. Kasuga opted to allow her to finish the song before he approached her, knowing full well
that sometimes, you just needed to sing your feelings out.
“Playing the fool,
Scorned by love
Even then, you opened your heart to me.
Though I tried
To speak

They just wouldn’t leave
Three small words:
‘I love you’.
“Though I need be asleep
I pour another passage to your memory
Though ‘just one more’ won’t ever be enough
I will stay here
Just to be near
Knowing well it’s only me.”
Haruka suddenly imagined herself inside of an empty movie theater, watching the latest depressing
showing: “Haruka’s Soul Friends”. The first image on the screen was an image of Yuta Usami.
“A bitter dream
Playing the fool
Too dumb to care, too dumb to know, too stupid to see…”
The film continued, displaying a slideshow of people Haruka cared about in the past. The next
image was of Toru Hirose, followed by Mirei Park, Shun Akiyama, and Kazuma Kiryu, all
culminating in an image of herself, Saeko, Nanba, Seonhee, Kaito, and Higashi posing for a photo
with Kashiwagi in Survive.
“A wounded heart
Tears flowing free
There was a chance
There was a time
Still I spent it all.”
She looked away from the film, the pain in her heart becoming too much to bear.
“We reached the end, it’s too late to pretend…”
She looked back at the screen, her eyes widening as she saw the final clip. She stood up, unable to
believe her eyes.
“I’ll be here wondering anyway…”
The clip in question was an old video of Pochitaro, the Shiba Inu dog that Haruka took care of in
Kamurocho when she was just nine years old.
As the shot changed to a closeup of Pochitaro’s adorable, squishable face, Haruka broke down into
tears, reached out as if to grab him from the screen, and collapsed onto the seat behind her, sobbing.
“Playing the fool…”
The saddest part of all was that she had dropped a note at the beginning of the song, and as a result,
she took only second place on the song’s leaderboard, behind somebody named “Koyuki”. Sighing,
she decided she’d had enough, paid for her drinks, and left.
Kasuga watched her leave, then turned his attention to the bar, where he noticed three other empty
glasses besides the one she chugged before kissing Saeko. “Jeez… she’s a mess. I don’t even know

if I can really be mad.” He stood up and followed her out once there was enough space between
them. Looking around, he saw her walking slowly down the street heading south, her head low and
her arms crossed. “I know how ya feel, Haruka-chan… Seems we both have a lot to learn about
love.”
He made his way down the street level, grabbed his jacket, and again followed her, this time east
onto South Shofukucho, and then north onto East Shofukucho, passing Kiryu—still wearing his
Ono Michio costume and in the midst of entertaining children—on the way. He watched Haruka
pass, then watched Kasuga pass.
“Heh… Yo, Ono Michio-kun. Having fun?”
“Nice to michi,” Kiryu said flatly, his voice muffled by the mask. “Have a michi Christmas…”
What the fuck does that even mean?
Kasuga laughed, then continued following Haruka, who turned right into Ashitaba Park, though he
could still hear Kiryu on the next street over attempting to spread Christmas cheer. “Ho ho ho,
michi! Have you been good for Santa Michio? …ugh…”
Haruka made her way to a bench in the park and sat down, sighing. “What the hell is wrong with
me…?” she asked herself, before yelling out in frustration. “Agh! Why did I do that? Why did I
kiss her?! Idiot!” As she berated herself, Kasuga caught up, but stayed hidden around the corner to
listen in on her thoughts. “She loves Kasuga, you already knew that, dumbass! What, did you think
she was going to drop everything, drop her job, drop her friends, drop the man who got there way
before you, and come back to Okinawa with you?”
“Hm…” Kasuga hummed as he listened in. Just hearing this was giving him a bit of an epiphany.
“Just because I got there first doesn’t mean I’m the best choice… I gotta work for it, same as you.”
“And what about Yuta?! He’s been dead less than two years and, what, now I’m trying to replace
him? Oh, I’m terrible! I’m such a terrible woman!”
“Okay, she’s tortured herself enough over this,” Kasuga chuckled. He stepped out to introduce
himself, when a group of men in suits surrounded Haruka. “Hm?”
“Well, look who it is,” the leader laughed, leering at Haruka. “Remember us?”
“Huh? No…” Haruka tried to think back as to who these men could be. “Uh… wait… You were the
men I met my first time here, right?”
“Oh! She does remember!” The man laughed, as did his buddies. “Yeah. That’s us. You treated us
so rudely. And then, yer loan shark buddy came over and beat the shit out of us!”
“You sort of deserved it…” Haruka muttered, before shaking her head and standing up. “Whatever.
I don’t have time for this.”
“You’re gonna make time, bitch!” the man yelled threateningly. “I can’t help but notice that yer
loan shark friend ain’t here right now! It’s also not lost on us that you are a wanted criminal.
Now… if ya treat us real nice… we might not go to the cops. If not… we’re gonna take what we’re
owed.”

“Like hell you are,” Kasuga said in a low growl as he stepped around the corner. Confused, Haruka
turned to him.
“Who…?”
The man accosting Haruka raised an eyebrow. “Huh? And who the fuck are you?”
“Oh, nobody… Just an ordinary guy who really doesn’t like your tone.” He took off his sunglasses
and threw his cap down, allowing them to see the angered look in his eyes. “Back off, fellas. Before
this gets ugly.” The leader scoffed and spat on Kasuga, clearly not having learned his lesson from
the last two beatings dished out to him and his crew. “Hey!” Kasuga exclaimed, stepping back.
“Fuck off, you yakuza-lookin’ motherfucker. We’ll kill you, too!”
“Hmph… Alright, can’t say I didn’t try,” Kasuga chuckled as he pulled out his bat.
“I don’t know who you are,” Haruka muttered, “but I can take care of myself.”
“Oh, I believe you. But I’ve never been able to turn down a good ass-kicking. Believe me, this is
just for sport.” With a laugh, he twirled his bat in the air and pointed it at his opponents like a
sword. “THE BATTLE IS ON!”
ASSHOLES
The three men were enveloped in white flashes of light as they transformed, much to Haruka’s
chagrin. “Tch… When are they going to stop transforming?” she asked herself.
“Huh? No way, you see it too?!” Kasuga exclaimed.
“Hm? Wait… you can see the monsters?”
“Hell yeah! It’s way more fun when they go all RPG monster on ya!”
“Just who are you?”
Kasuga smirked. “The name’s Kasuga.”
“…! Kasuga…?!”
“I can tell you all about myself in a minute. But first, these assholes need to be dealt with.” He
moved first, twirling his bat in the air and swinging it hard at one of the man’s lackeys. None of
them were particularly strong, so this one hit was enough to take him down. “Aw, man. And here I
thought this fight would be fun.”
“Let’s do this!” Haruka exclaimed as her turn came up. She performed a leg sweep on the other
lackey, sending him to the air, then rolled backwards and kicked her feet out, jumping into the air
and hitting him in midair. She landed the resulting backflip perfectly, while he landed face-first on
the ground, knocked out.
The leader slashed at Kasuga with his knife, though this did pitiful damage, and Kasuga responded
in kind by backing up and running at him with his bat dragging along the ground. He jumped into
the air and raised his bat, sending the leader into the air. He landed on the ground, unable to fight,
ending this very pathetic fight with minimal effort.

Haruka relaxed as she stared at the three men, groaning from their injuries. They stood up and very
quickly made their exit. “Come on, let’s get out of here!” the leader exclaimed in fear as he ran
away, his two friends following close behind.
“Huh, I thought that would be harder,” Kasuga chuckled. “You alright, Haruka-chan?”
“You’re… Ichiban Kasuga…?”
“I, uh, take it you’ve heard of me?” Kasuga asked. He didn’t want to give away that he saw what
happened between her and Saeko, so he played dumb for the time being. “Thing is… I’ve been
lookin’ for you, Haruka Sawamura.”
“Were you the one who was following me earlier?”
Kasuga frowned. “Y-yeah. Sorry, didn’t mean to creep you out. It’s just… I heard you were in a bit
of a bind, and…” Suddenly, Haruka fell to her knees, alarming Kasuga. “Huh? What’s wrong? Are
you hurt?! Oh, shit, did they get you?!” Kiryu-san’s gonna be pissed! “Don’t worry, I’ll get help!
Just stay there, and…”
“You saw everything, didn’t you?”
“I… huh?”
“With Saeko… Kasuga-san…” Haruka placed her hands in front of her and assumed a dogeza
position, placing her forehead on the ground. She started to cry. “I’m sorry, Kasuga!”
“Whoa, hey, hold on, what are you even sorry for? ‘Cause you kissed someone you like? That’s not
a crime.”
“I know about you and Saeko…” she explained. “I knew it when I kissed her. I knew what I was
doing was wrong, and I did it anyway! I’m so, so sorry! I don’t know why I did it, I just… it just
happened! You must think I’m horrible! I…”
“Haruka.” Haruka flinched upon hearing her name. “Look at me.” Slowly, Haruka sighed,
swallowed her shame, and sat up. She found herself struggling to actually meet Kasuga’s eyes. In
front of her, however, was an outstretched hand.
“H… huh?” Slowly, she looked up at his face. There was no anger in his eyes. All she saw was a
warm smile, as if he were greeting an old friend. The harsh light of the lamp post behind him
created an almost halo-like effect as it wrapped around his messy rat’s nest of a haircut.
“You’re not horrible. Don’t even think like that, because it ain’t true. Look… I’m not gonna
pretend that what I saw didn’t hurt,” he said. “Actually, it sort of felt like I was being stabbed in the
heart by a serrated knife dipped in salt. But trust me… I’ve felt way greater pains. This is nothing.
And I’m not gonna let it get in the way of my mission.”
“Your mission?”
“Heh. Yeah. Helping you,” he said with a chuckle. “The thing is… The whole situation with
Haruto… it’s my fault. I was at Morning Glory when he was taken, and I failed to keep him safe.
So really, it’s me who should be apologizing.” He clenched his fist and held it in front of his chest,

grinning at her. “But I’m going to set things right. That… is my promise to you, Haruka Sawamura.
And when I make a promise, I follow through. That’s the Ichiban Kasuga way.”
Slowly, Haruka stood up. “Y… you’re not mad?”
“Nah. I ain’t got nothing to be mad about,” he laughed, waving her concerns away. “I mean… It’s
not like she belongs to me. We’re not even dating. Not at the moment, anyway.”
“At the moment?”
Kasuga’s smile turned into a smirk. “Yeah. I’m not mad… but I’m also not giving up. Sa-chan
deserves only the best, wouldn’t you agree?”
“Of course.”
“So that means… I can’t wave the white flag. I’m gonna fight even harder to prove that I’m the guy
for her. And Haruka…” His grin returned. “I want you to fight just as hard! Because if I beat you
when you’re not even really trying, then I’m not really the best one for her. I’m just the only one
left.”
Haruka’s sadness was replaced by utter confusion. Kasuga’s entire attitude was puzzling. Suddenly,
a sound she thought she wouldn’t be able to produce again left her mouth—a laugh. “Heh. Hehe.
Hahahaha!” She started cracking up, with a laugh infectious enough to get Kasuga going too.
“Kasuga… they were right. You really are strange.”
“Heh… so whaddya say?” He held his hand out again. “Will you let me join the team, and set
everything right?”
Haruka’s smile faded. Her mirthful look was replaced with a determined one, and she grabbed
Kasuga’s hand and shook it. “Of course. I need all of the help I can get.”
“Then set your mind at ease… because help has arrived!” Kasuga exclaimed.
***
Saeko walked the streets of Sotenbori, thoroughly shaken. “What the shit was that?!” she
exclaimed, internally freaking out. “Was that some kind of joke? I don’t get it. Why would she…
Haruka doesn’t… does she?” She turned into an alleyway, pulled a pack of cigarettes and a lighter
out of her handbag, and quickly lit what turned out to be the last cigarette on her person. She
inhaled sharply, then blew out a puff of smoke as she tried to calm down. “Hm… But… I didn’t
handle that very well, did I? I just… freaked out and ran off again. Hmph. First Ichiban, and now
her… some friend you are…”
Truthfully, however, she had no idea how, if at all, she would address the situation with either of
them.

Chapter 51: Ono Michio: The Next Generation!
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The Millennium Tower’s top floor was quiet on this chilly December evening. It often was, as over
the last two decades, tragedy after tragedy seems to have struck this set of offices, frightening away
prospective tenants. Indeed, by this point, some were beginning to wonder if the entire building
was cursed; local urban legends said that a property speculator, killed during a war between rival
yakuza families, was buried in an empty lot that sat in the center of the dilapidated shopping plaza
that the tower’s foundation was built over. Some believed that his ghost now haunted the complex,
and that every tragedy to strike was his doing.
Akio Yamamoto, however, was not a superstitious man. He sought to defy local legend, just as he
had defied every expectation society had set out for him, and now that he was on his way to the top,
he thought it only fitting to place his new office, which came with his new promotion, at the top,
overlooking all of the rats on the ground in Kamurocho.
So there he stood, at the very top, clad in his brand new white suit, black dress shirt, and white tie,
staring out of the window, looking down on society. Any man would be happy to have reached the
heights he reached.
But he was not happy, for the news was not good. The intercom sitting on his desk buzzed.
“Commissioner Yamamoto, Mafuyu Fujii with the Public Prosecutor’s Office is here to speak with
you.”
He turned to glare at the intercom device, before approaching it and pressing a button to page
through to his secretary. “Send her in,” he growled. A moment later, the woman herself, 36 years
old but with a face appearing much younger, entered.
“Yamamoto-san,” she greeted with a bow. “You wished to speak with me?” She had shoulderlength brown hair with a center part and wore a white pinstriped blazer with a matching skirt, as
well as a black undershirt and black heels. A pin denoting her status—Chief Prosecutor, newly
promoted—sat upon her lapel. That was something she had in common with Yamamoto; her recent
successes had put her on an elevator to the very top.
That was where the commonalities ended, however. “Yes,” Yamamoto said, maintaining a
professional air but with an undertone of contempt for the woman. “This morning, without
consulting the police department, your office dropped criminal charges against several individuals
connected with the Sawamura case. Why?”
“Yes, we’ve had to narrow the scope of our investigation,” she explained. “Forensic evidence has
failed to place anyone aside from Haruka Sawamura and Masaharu Kaito at the scene of the
murder, and even circumstantial evidence has failed to implicate many of those we were pursuing.”
“Even Ichiban Kasuga, the ex-yakuza with a second-degree murder on his rap sheet?” Yamamoto
questioned. “Do you understand how stupid you’re making your office look?”
“I visited his place of work in Yokohama and conducted interviews with his coworkers and
superiors,” Mafuyu replied. “He’d been on vacation for about three weeks prior to the murder, and

two and a half weeks prior to Haruka Sawamura’s arrival in Ijincho, according to the latter’s
railcard. What’s more, her cell phone records failed to establish any sort of link. We simply saw no
reason to continue investigating his involvement. If we had brought him to trial, it would have
almost certainly resulted in a failure to convict… and considering the embarrassment our office
faced after the retrial of Akihiro Ehara, we felt those kinds of mistakes would be best avoided
where we can spot them.”
“It’s all politics with you,” Yamamoto scoffed as he turned back to the window. “Fools. All of
you.”
“To be perfectly honest… The entire case is on the verge of falling apart.”
Yamamoto’s eyes widened. “Excuse me?”
“Jo Sawashiro visited our office today,” Mafuyu announced. “He’s now refusing to testify. What’s
more, he told us that there was a hard disk failure in the Seiryu Clan’s security office. All of the
footage of Sawamura and her associates illegally entering the compound… it’s gone.”
“That’s absurd!” Yamamoto exclaimed, turning back to face her. It was patently clear in his eyes
that he was very upset by this news. “She was arrested at the scene! We know she was there!”
“Yes, you and I do, but the context of her presence there is now missing,” Mafuyu pointed out. “On
top of that, Sawashiro’s wound, as you know, was determined to be self-inflicted by the doctors at
Touto University Hospital. Because of all of these factors, our office is now investigating the
possibility that the entire thing was a frame-up, and that Sano’s murder was actually the result of an
internal dispute. We believe this is the key reason Sawashiro recanted his testimony.”
“I know the real reason you want this case dropped,” Yamamoto said with an accusatory tone. “You
don’t want to see Takayuki Yagami thrown in jail. Is that it? Drop his charges if you wish. I don’t
care about him. But we cannot let the masterminds get away with this murder!”
Fujii seemed unbothered by this accusation. “I've recused myself from all proceedings related to
Yagami and Kaito,” she revealed. “I have not been present for any deliberations regarding their
cases, and my office will confirm this if you ask. My personal feelings are not a factor here.
“Speaking of masterminds… Were you aware that we initially investigated Masataka Ebina as a
potential suspect?”
Yamamoto shrugged. “I suppose not, but it makes sense.”
“Yes… we happened to check his call logs,” Mafuyu said. “It seems… that he made several calls to
your personal phone over the last year.” She stepped closer, a somewhat predatory look in her own
eyes. “What exactly did the two of you talk about?”
“What are you getting at?”
“I’m merely disclosing what we uncovered. It may be something that comes up in the future, so… I
just wanted to give you a heads up.”
“Are you threatening me, Fujii?” She did not answer, causing him to sigh, bored with the
conversation. “If you must know, Ebina is planning to dissolve the Seiryu Clan,” Yamamoto

answered. “He sought counseling from the police department on the matter, and we've spoken
privately several times about the legalities of such a move.”
Mafuyu glanced at Yamamoto’s gloved hand, which she speculated hid a missing digit from his
days in the yakuza. “Well then. If that’s all, I need to get back to the office.” She bowed, turned
around, and walked towards the door. She opened it, then left, leaving Yamamoto alone in his
office.
***
With their powers combined, Ichiban Kasuga and Haruka Sawamura took to the streets of
Sotenbori, determined to find Haruto and set things right once and for all.
~Eighteen Years in the Joint…~
“Yo, is that a dragon on your wrist?” Kasuga asked, grinning. “Lemme see.” Haruka complied,
pushing her sleeve up to let him examine her still-unfinished dragon-phoenix tattoo. “Damn, this is
sick as hell! A dragon turning into a phoenix…”
“I got it to honor my father,” Haruka explained. “Kazuma Kiryu. The Dragon of Dojima. He had a
seiryu dragon on his back.”
“That so…?” Kasuga asked, feigning ignorance.
“Yeah. The dragon becoming engulfed in flames and transforming into a phoenix symbolizes
rebirth after death, and my desire to rise from rock bottom after losing him,” she continued.
“Hey, I know this signature. Utabori-san did your tattoo?”
Haruka nodded. “Yup! He based the design of the dragon directly on Kiryu’s.”
“No way, he did mine, too!” Kasuga laughed. “Funny coincidence, huh? Mine’s even a dragon too
—well, a dragonfish. I gotta earn the dragon.”
“…huh? You do know tattoos are permanent, right?”
“Utabori-san told me that he came up with the design after combining elements from two designs
he did for two Dojima Family yakuza, one with a dragon on his back, and the other with a koi.”
“A dragon and a koi…?” Haruka asked. “Huh… Uncle Kaz… and Nishikiyama?”
“The Nishikiyama Family patriarch?” Kasuga asked. “Hey, whatever happened to that guy? I heard
he was gonna become a direct patriarch, but… Well, you probably already know, but I did eighteen
years in the joint at the turn of the century. Homicide. It kind of put me out of the loop on a lot of
stuff. I met a few of the old Tojo guys a few years back, but I didn’t hear anything about
Nishikiyama.”
“Uh… Well, that’s not important. Anyway… Perhaps Utabori saw the best of both of them in you.”
“I don’t really think it’s that deep…” Kasuga chuckled.
As they walked, something started to bother Haruka. “Say, Kasuga…”

“What’s up?”
“I… I know that Kazuma Kiryu is still alive,” she said. “Do you know anything about it?”
“Nah. Nothing,” Kasuga lied. “I don’t even know what the guy looks like.”
“So what were you doing at Morning Glory?”
“I’m sure my friends have already told you, but Akira Mabuchi is an old adversary of ours,” he
explained. “Zhao—you’ll meet him later—he was Mabuchi’s superior in the Liumang, so when he
heard he was going around bumping off triad bigshots, he felt a personal responsibility to put a stop
to it. Then our other friend Joongi told us about how the next heir to a triad group that once had a
lot of power in Japan lived in Hiroshima.”
“Yuta…”
“Yeah,” Kasuga said, nodding. “I’m… sorry about your loss, by the way. Once we learned he was
gone, and that he had a kid down in Okinawa, that was our next stop. But don’t worry. We’re gonna
get Haruto back.”
Suddenly, the two almost-dragons heard a sigh of despair from nearby. “Oh, what am I going to do?
The board will fire me for sure!”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow and turned to the source of the complaint. “Hm?”
~Substory 08: Ono Michio: The Next Generation!~
A man in a light gray striped suit seemed to be moping in a side street. He rested his forehead
against the glass window of a cabaret club. “I am so, so screwed!” he complained.
“Yo,” Kasuga said as he and Haruka approached the man. “Somethin’ the matter?”
“Besides my career coming crashing down?”
“Hang on… Hironaka-san?”
The man opened his eyes and lifted his head. “Wait… that voice!” He turned to face Kasuga, and
his own face lit up. “Kasuga! Long time no see!”
“Where have I seen you before…?” Haruka wondered.
“Hironaka-san’s the chief producer of Ono Michio,” Kasuga explained. “You know, the mascot
from Onomichi, Hiroshima?”
“Ah, yes, that’s where I’ve seen you,” Haruka said. “I used to live in Onomichi.”
Hironaka sighed. “Well, unfortunately, I may not hold my title for much longer. I’ve completely
botched the promotion for Ono Michio’s big crossover event!”
“Crossover, eh?” Kasuga asked.
“Yes. You see, we’re about to begin production on the next Ono Michio series for television, ‘Ono
Michio: The Next Generation’,” he explained. “Ratings for the last season weren’t fantastic, so

they’re retooling the show for a whole new generation, and to try and boost interest, Ono Michio
himself is going to be fighting side by side with the stars of the latest Phoenix Ranger Featherman
R installment in a blockbuster theatrical film; ‘Ono Michio Meets The Phoenix Rangers: Multiverse
Crisis in Hiroshima’. It’s sure to become a global hit!”
Kasuga tilted his head. “Featherman? That show’s still going? Dude, I watched that when I was a
kid.”
“It was popular when I was little, too,” Haruka added with a chuckle. “It seems to transcend
generations. But, how were you able to organize that? Featherman is huge.”
“Well, after Ono Michio’s big debut, Onomichi Productions was acquired by a BIG entertainment
company in Tokyo,” Hironaka explained. “And then they acquired Like A Phoenix Films last year,
so this crossover’s been in the works for about that long. The Featherman cast is filming their next
season not far from here, in Kyoto, so we were able to organize an appearance with Ono Michio
and his daughter, Ono Michiyo, here in Sotenbori to promote the upcoming film.”
“Ono Michio’s got a daughter?” Kasuga asked.
“Yes, she’s the star of the new series. We keep running into problems. First, Ono Michio had to
drop out,” Hironaka said. “Something about his ‘wife’ going into ‘labor’. What a crock!”
“Uh huh…”
“We got that settled. I ran into an old friend earlier. He helped me out of a bind in Hiroshima
several years ago, and I got him to agree to take up the mantle one more time. But now Minatochan, the actress we hired to play Ono Michiyo, is also flaking! Apparently, she’s stuck in
Kamurocho. Something about police locking the city down because of a murder suspect on the
loose.”
Haruka cringed. “Ooh… y-yeah, that sounds rough…”
“The Phoenix Rangers are in town right now, and I might have to cancel the event! What’s worse,
filming wraps today and the cast are all going back to their families until the new year!” Hironaka
sighed again and put his face in his hands. “After this blunder, the board is going to fire me for
sure…”
Haruka pitied the man. After all, it was technically her fault that Ono Michiyo couldn’t come to
Osaka. After giving it a moment of thought, she said “Hey. Why don’t I take the role for this
event?”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Huh? You?”
“Sure! If I don’t take the mask off, nobody will know the difference, right?”
Hironaka gave her a good once-over. “Hm… you are about the right height… But, not anybody can
play Ono Michiyo,” he said. “It’s a very taxing role.”
“How hard could it be?” Haruka asked. “Besides, it’s not like you really have a choice.”
“Well… ah, screw it! You’re my only hope! Come on, let’s get you changed…”

“Hm…” Kasuga hummed as he thought about something. “I feel like… this isn’t a good idea…” he
said.
“Huh? Why not?” Haruka asked, turning to him.
“I dunno. It just feels like there’s something really important I’m forgetting here… Ah, what the
hell. It can’t possibly be that important, if I don’t even remember what it is. Go for it.”
Haruka nodded, and she and Kasuga followed Hironaka to a small studio a little down the road.
One quick costume change later, and Haruka was in-character. She stepped out of the changing
room, causing Kasuga to chuckle. “Real cute, Haruka-chan.”
“Hehe… you think so? Ah! But I’m not Haruka!” Fully engrossed in the character (and having
memorized the script Hironaka gave her) she said, “I am Ono Michiyo! With my blushing hassaku
face! Steaming Onomichi ramen hat with attached red bow! Cute fish pouch! Functional yet stylish
boots, vital for any fisherwoman! And my bold and trendy Ono shirt! That’s right! I’m the next
generation pride of Onomichi… Ono…” She struck Ono Michio’s iconic pose to finish her speech.
“…Michiyo!!!”
Kasuga clapped slowly. “Very impressive, Ono Michiyo-chan…”
Hironaka grinned. “You’re a perfect fit! Come on! The rest of the cast has already arrived at the
meet-and-greet!”
***
Kasuga escorted Haruka and Hironaka to the site of the meet and greet on Iwao Bridge, where the
Featherman R cast was already waiting; Red Hawk, Yellow Owl, Pink Argus, Blue Swan, and
Black Condor had already begun shaking hands with fans. “Ah, there you are,” Pink Argus, a
woman Haruka guessed, based on her voice and figure, greeted. “Took you long enough.”
“I… ran into traffic,” Haruka excused, her voice muffled by the mask.
“I’m gonna go find a spot in the crowd,” Kasuga said as he excused himself. “Good luck!”
Hironaka also excused himself to allow the actors to perform the meet and greet uninhibited.
Looking around, Haruka asked “Where’s Ono Michio?”
“Right here,” Ono Michio said as he approached the group. Something about his voice was familiar
to Haruka, but being that it too was muffled by a mask, which also hid his face, she wasn’t able to
tell if it was actually someone she’d met before. He turned to Haruka and said “You must be Ono
Michiyo.”
“Oh, actually, my name is—.”
“Hey,” Pink Argus interrupted with a hushed tone, sounding a tad annoyed. “Are you stupid? Don’t
break character. There are kids here.” Cringing as she heard a grown adult voice yell “Hell yeah!
Lookin’ good, Yuka-tan!” from the crowd, she added, with a sigh, “Kids of all ages, at that…”
Haruka nodded. “Right, sorry. Yes, I am Ono Michiyo. For tonight, anyway…”

Ono Michio chuckled. “Sounds like you’re in a similar boat as me. I got pulled off the street about
an hour ago to do this.”
Pink Argus sighed. “Honestly… me too. The truth with these tokusatsu programs is that the correct
actor is only in costume about half the time. I happened to be in the area filming a docudrama about
the Great Dissolution when the current Pink Argue bailed. I’m surprised I still fit in the costume…”
“Yes, the production is a bit of a mess…” Haruka laughed. “But regardless, our job tonight is to
make these kids smile! So let’s get to it!”
The group agreed, and the actors spent their time chatting with fans, signing autographs, and posing
together for photos. It sort of reminded Haruka of her time with Dyna Chair. “Heh… maybe I
should go into acting when all of this is over,” she said. “I actually really enjoy this.”
Pink Argus glanced at her. “You know, you’re really a natural at this. I take it you’ve performed
before?”
Haruka nodded. “We can talk about it after the event, but yeah. I used to be an idol. Of course, I
was ten years younger… and ten pounds lighter…”
Kasuga watched from afar as the actors seemed to genuinely be having a blast. “Heh… Harukachan really is good at this,” he said to himself. He turned his head to the Ono Michio actor, who
made eye contact with him, then tilted his head quizzically. “Huh… Ono Michio looks like he
recognizes me… Is he someone I’ve…?” Suddenly, he remembered—
“Kasuga… I am the original actor.”
His eyes widened. Oh, shit! That’s Kiryu-san in the costume! How could I have forgotten?!
Kiryu continued to stare at Kasuga, before slowly turning his head to Ono Michiyo. He stared at
her for a moment, then quickly snapped his head back to Kasuga. His thoughts couldn’t be
deciphered behind the mask, but Kasuga guessed he was thinking “Oh, shit!” as well.
Well… I guess as long as he doesn’t break character, it’s fine… Kasuga thought to himself. But
man, is this cutting things close. Hanawa-san would shit a brick if he knew this was happening.
“Attention, everyone!” Hironaka announced, walking to the front of the crowd. “We will now be
doing a question and answer session with the Ono Michios and the cast of Featherman R! Of
course, many story details about the upcoming crossover film are still under wraps, so please keep
in mind they won’t be able to answer anything too specific. Now then, anyone who has a question
for the cast, please form an orderly line at the microphone, and they will get to you in the order
you’ve queued!”
“Uh oh,” Haruka muttered. “I don’t know anything about my character.”
“Just avoid going into detail and you’ll be fine,” Pink Argus assured her. “Besides, they mostly just
ask behind-the-scenes questions at these things, so you could probably just make something up.”
“Okay…” She turned to Ono Michio. “Well, are you ready?”
“Y-yeah…” Ono Michio replied, sounding much more nervous than before.
“Huh? Are you okay, mister?”

“I’m fine.”
The fans formed a queue, and soon the first question was asked. A small boy in a Red Hawk mask
approached the microphone. “Hi, my question is for the Featherman R cast… are there any plans
for the previous Rangers to make appearances in the new season?”
Pink Argus leaned into her microphone, which she shared with Haruka. “Hi! Yes, the cast of
Featherman Victory, the 2012 series, filmed material with us for a two-part episode last month. It’s
mostly an episode for your parents, but we hope this generation will also appreciate the
performances of the previous cast. Pink Argus in particular gave a stellar return performance.”
“Gee, I wonder which series you were in…?” Haruka chuckled.
Pink Argus chuckled as well. “Heh… You gotta be your own biggest fan.”
“And also, will Black Condor and Pink Argus finally get together this season?”
“No comment.”
“Thank you for your time.” The boy returned to his spot in the audience, and the next fan
approached the microphone.
“Hi, Ono Michio. Big fan. What was it like joining the set of a big budget theatrical blockbuster?
And also, are you worried about the film’s simultaneous international debut on streaming harming
global box office numbers?”
What the fuck is ‘streaming’? Kiryu thought to himself. Deciding to take an educated guess based
on the context, he answered “Ono Michio is not concerned with the numbers, because Ono Michio
has one goal, and one goal only; to entertain! And I feel like we’ve done just that with this film,
michi. But I will say… anyone who ‘streams’ on this film should take a long look at themselves in
the mirror and wonder just what actions they’ve taken to lead themselves down such a disgusting
path. There are kids here!”
The fan tilted his head in confusion. “Uh… what?”
Haruka knew she needed to save the situation. “What he means is, fans who wish to truly support
the film the best they can should see it in theaters on day one, if they are able, michi! And to our
international fans, we hope that the increased availability of our film in the streaming age helps you
develop an appreciation of Japanese culture!”
“And to add to that,” Pink Argus added, “if I’m not mistaken, this will be the first time that any
Featherman R installment is made available in the west in its original, unedited form.”
Haruka turned to Pink Argus. “Really?”
“Yes. Up until now, all of the western localizations of the franchise have been re-edited,
recontextualized, and had new material shot with American actors,” Pink Argus explained. “My
hope is that this film will draw more attention internationally to the original productions. So if
you’re an international fan watching at home, and you enjoy this movie, go online and watch the
originals! I promise, you won’t be disappointed.”
This sentiment drew agreement from the rest of the Rangers.

Finally, an older fan, a skinny man maybe in his late teens or early twenties, with glasses and chinlength hair, dressed head to toe in various otaku merchandise, approached the microphone. Glaring
at Haruka, he asked “Yeah, my question is for Ono Michiyo. What’s it like being a complete
fraud?!”
Haruka was taken aback by the question. “Um… excuse michi?”
“The entire premise of your new series runs contrary to the established lore of the original!” the
man exclaimed. “You can’t be Ono Michio’s daughter!”
“And why not?”
“Because the settled canon is very clear! Ono Michio… is a VIRGIN! He said so himself at an
appearance in Onomichi six years ago! I should know! I was there!”
Haruka, struggling to comprehend, just stared at the fan. “Why would he have said that,” she said
flatly. “It’s a children’s show.”
“Um… whoops,” Ono Michio muttered under his breath.
The fan continued, angrily, “The way I see it, Ono Michiyo is a woke, DEI plant, designed by
corporate suits to add diversity where there doesn’t need to be any! What do you have to say for
yourself, WHOREno Michiyo?!”
Haruka quickly racked her brain, searching for ways to salvage this situation. Woke? DEI?! What
do any of these words mean?! She didn’t want to anger any fans and potentially harm the film’s
theatrical run. Then, drawing from her own life, she found the answer. “This series doesn’t
contradict any established canon, michi,” she said confidently.
“Huh? How?!”
“You see… Ono Michio is a virgin,” Haruka explained. “That is still true. The truth is… Ono
Michiyo… is ADOPTED!” she revealed dramatically, causing the crowd to gasp.
“R-really?!” the fan asked, shocked.
“Yes. She is,” Haruka explained. “You see, family… It’s not who you’re related to. Rather, family
is the people who are there for you, no matter what, michi.”
Ono Michio turned to Haruka. “Huh?”
“Family can be anything,” she continued. “Friends… co-workers… and yes, relatives, but not
necessarily. I… I know a girl who never knew her biological family. Her mother, her father… both
of them passed when she was very young. She had no brothers or sisters to speak of, at least not
any that she was aware of, or really even cared to know. But there was a man, a strong and kind
man, from a… we’ll say troubled background, who took her in as if he were her own. He cared for
her even when he didn’t have to… and in time, she grew to love him as if he were her own father.
And my life is much the same. To me… Ono Michio… is family.”
“Haruka…” Ono Michio muttered under his breath, too quiet to be heard.
The angry fan’s face softened. “That’s… that’s so beautiful!” he cried out, driven to tears by her
story. Many in the crowd also started to weep. Even Kasuga wiped a tear from his eye.

“Damn, Haruka-chan,” he said. “That’s really something. And you know what? I can relate.” He
thought back to Masumi Arakawa and Jiro Kasuga… and the young master and Sawashiro, too,
even though they didn’t get along a lot. They were all a family. And even though most of them
were gone by that point, there was still one left that he knew he’d see again. Heh… Hey,
Sawashiro… Next time we see each other, the Peking duck is on me.
With a sniffle, Pink Argus leaned in to whisper to Haruka. “Good answer, Ono Michiyo,” she
chuckled, hoping to mask that she, too, had been brought to tears as she thought about her own
found family, all of whom were in the crowd as well, cheering her on.
Well, all except for one, anyway.
The rest of the question and answer segment proceeded without incident, and soon, the event was
coming to a close. The group took a photo together one last time—Ono Michio and Michiyo in the
center performing their signature poses, with the Phoenix Rangers in combat stances fanned out on
either side—and it was all finally over. The crowd started to disperse, and the cast was left alone.
“Phew… that was hard work,” Haruka sighed as Hironaka and Kasuga approached the group.
“But ya did good, Haruka-chan,” Kasuga congratulated with a thumbs up. “And everyone else did,
too!”
“That was PHENOMENAL!” Hironaka gushed. “I just got off the phone with my bosses in Tokyo.
They want to take Ono Michiyo on TOUR next year! Today, Japan. Tomorrow: the world!”
“All of that from one show, huh?” Pink Argus asked. The other Rangers had taken their helmets off
by this point, but she remained in hers. “Damn, Haruka, you really should go back into showbiz.”
“Hehe… I’m glad you think so,” Haruka chuckled, blushing… partly due to embarrassment, but
mostly because it was hot as hell in the costume. “Hang on…” She sighed in relief as she pulled her
headpiece off and fanned cold air onto her face with her hand. “So, what’s next for everyone else?”
“Well, filming just wrapped for me,” Pink Argus sighed. “So I’m leaving Osaka tonight. I’m gonna
miss the food here…”
“And what about you?” Haruka asked, turning to Ono Michio.
“Me…?” Ono Michio asked.
“Hey, why don’t you take off the helmet? It’s gotta be hot in there.”
“…I can’t. For you see… my head is attached to my body!”
“H-huh?!”
Ono Michio stood up and spoke with gravitas, posing triumphantly. “And I must be off! For
wherever there is a child to be made to smile… I must be there! With my charming hassaku face!
Steaming Onomichi ramen hat! Cute fish pouch! Cool boots, vital for any fisherman! And my bold
and trendy Ono shirt! I am the pride of Onomichi… Ono… Michio!” He then went on his way,
marching proudly away and not looking back. Heh… Keep making me proud, Haruka, he thought
as he put more and more distance between himself and her.
“…Some people get too into their characters,” Pink Argus sighed.

~Substory End~

Chapter End Notes

Now that our two RPG parties have effectively merged, I suppose now’s a good time to drop
the karaoke list that would be available at this point!
-Get to the Top! (Haruka, Saeko)
-So Much More! (Haruka)
-Otometal My Life (Haruka with Kasuga)
-Baka Darou (Haruka, Kiryu)
-Judgement -shinpan- (Haruka with Saeko)
-Harapeko Biyori (Haruka. The cutscene recontextualized to consist of her helping Kashiwagi
at Survive)
-If I Could Love The One I Love (Haruka, Higashi, Zhao, Joongi Han; the dishwasher rant is
performed either by Haruka if one of the men is singing, or by Kasuga if Haruka is singing)
-The Future I Dreamed Of (Kasuga)
-Hell Stew (Kasuga, Zhao)
-Today Is A Diamond (Kasuga)
-Harukaze (Saeko
-AWAKE (Saeko)
-Baka Mitai (Nanba, Kaito, Kiryu)
-Like A Butterfly (Seonhee with Haruka or Kasuga)
-Machine Gun Kiss (Kaito, Adachi, Kiryu)
-Shin•I•Chi•Zu•Zamurai (Kiryu)
-Iji Sakura 2000 (Kiryu)
-hands (Kiryu)
-Tonight -Restart From This Night- (Kiryu)
-Sayonara, Silent Night (Kiryu)
In addition, characters met during the story would be able to be invited at this point to perform
their own songs. Currently, those characters are Akame, who performs Like A Butterfly, and
Majima, who can perform either Get To the Top with Haruka, or 24 Hour Cinderella or As
Long as You’re Happy solo.

Chapter 52: The Completion List
Chapter Notes

This chapter is just for fun. ;)
The real one is coming tomorrow.

Kasuga and Haruka approached the alleyway containing Akame’s hideout, with Kasuga having just
finished a phone call with his allies. “Okay… Let me know what you find. Thanks, Adachi-san.
And be careful.” He hung up and turned to Haruka. “My friends are going to meet up with us later,”
he explained. “Apparently triads are starting to patrol Sotenbori. Adachi and the others are gonna
follow a few around and see if they go anywhere interesting.”
“I saw in a newspaper that they’ve been active in Kamurocho too,” Haruka sighed. “Add to that the
ones who infiltrated the Liumang in Ijincho… Just how big is this operation?”
“It doesn't matter how big it is. We’re gonna put a stop to it.”
“Hmm… I appear to be lost,” a mature-sounding female voice said from nearby. “That’s quite
unlike me.”
The duo turned to the source of the worry, which appeared to be a tall, pale, yet unbelievably
beautiful woman dressed in an office lady’s uniform, albeit in a rather unusual blue color, accented
with black pantyhose and blue heels. She had platinum blonde hair with a blue hair band and,
strikingly, a pair of golden eyes that seemed to radiate light.
~Substory 09: The Completion List~
“Yo,” Kasuga greeted as he and Haruka approached the woman. “Something the matter?”
The woman looked up at the pair, her expression a mixture of curiosity and mild annoyance. “Ah,
pay me no mind,” she responded curtly. “I’m trying to locate an acquaintance of mine…
although… this doesn’t appear to be the right location… Tell me, where and when am I?”
Haruka tilted her head. “Huh? Uh… You’re in Sotenbori, Osaka, miss…?”
“Margaret,” the woman introduced. “And as for the time?”
“It’s, like, eight,” Kasuga answered.
Margaret hummed. “Hm. So he left school some time ago… and the year?”
“Have you been drinking, ma’am?” Haruka asked. “New Year’s is in a couple of weeks. It’s still
2022.”

Margaret’s eyebrows arched in surprise. “Oh my… that’s embarrassing. So not only have I come
out at the incorrect location, but I also appear to have overshot the time zone by a factor of a little
more than a decade.”
“This woman’s a lunatic,” Haruka sighed. “We should go, Kasuga.”
“Ah, hold on,” Margaret gasped. “I can sense it. You two are on a journey, aren’t you?”
“Huh? Uh… I guess so?” Haruka affirmed, confused.
“Then perhaps you can help me with something. You see, I’m juggling a few different tasks at
once,” Margaret explained. “The first concerns my apprentice. She’s gone missing, and I’ve been
tasked by our guest to locate her. I’ve discovered her whereabouts, and am now trying to locate my
guest so that I can inform him.”
“So first you lost the girl, and then you lost the guy that’s looking for her,” Kasuga said, unable to
suppress a chuckle. “You seem a bit disorganized.”
“I’m usually not,” Margaret sighed. “But perhaps there’s a reason I wound up here. My second task
is a bit more personal. It’s my sister… She left home a while ago, and neither I nor our master have
seen her since.”
“Your master?” Haruka asked. “Ah… Your family must serve somebody rather wealthy.”
“Something like that,” Margaret replied vaguely.
“So, what, you want us to help you find your sister?” Kasuga asked.
“Oh, no,” Margaret denied, shaking her head. “She appears to have begun her own journey, and as
much as it pains me, I cannot interfere with that. Rather… I would like to understand why she left
in the first place.”
“What do you mean?” Haruka asked.
Staring up at the nearly full moon, Margaret explained, “You see… a long time ago, my master
welcomed a guest to our room; a boy with blue hair, who was capable of forging strong bonds with
those around him. My sister was his assigned attendant. Curious about your… ah… society, she
assigned him a list of tasks that were unrelated to his journey, with the pretense of helping him
grow. In truth, many of the tasks were merely to satiate her own curiosities.
“When his journey came to an end, his life, rather unfortunately, was lost. My sister took this rather
hard. I thought at the time that it was because he was the only one of our guests to be irretrievably
lost at the conclusion of his journey. She viewed the incident as a personal failure on her part,
despite there having been nothing she could have done; indeed, it was his own decision that led him
down such a path. Still, she blamed herself.
“She took on only one other guest after that. Her journey concluded with no casualties, and yet, my
sister was still unsatisfied.”
***
Margaret and her sister argued in their room, which at the time took the appearance of a large
elevator. Their master had stepped out, leaving the two of them alone. “Elizabeth… what are you

planning?” Margaret asked.
Elizabeth sighed, her back turned to her sister. “A soul slumbers at the ends of the world,” she said.
“That of a young man who devoted himself to becoming a seal.” She turned back to face Margaret.
“That soul is risking itself to prevent mankind from calling down the ultimate destruction.”
“That was his own decision,” Margaret argued. “He chose that path.”
“The path shouldn’t have opened in the first place.”
Margaret’s eyes widened. “Sister… what are you saying?”
Elizabeth looked down at the ground. “I’m going to cut the threads and find another way. I intend
to save him from his fate.”
“You cannot,” Margaret argued. “Think of your duties. We are to be observers of humanity, not
agents against destiny. We cannot interfere with the affairs of mortals so long as we inhabit this
room!”
Elizabeth paused for a moment, before replying “Then I shall inhabit this room no longer.”
“Elizabeth… do you understand what you’re saying?”
“Perhaps not,” Elizabeth said. She turned away from Margaret once more. “But my mind is made
up. Do you intend to stop me?”
“I must… For if you leave this room, I will be unable to bring you back, and you will be bound to
the fate that you have chosen.”
“That’s a shame,” Elizabeth sighed. “I had hoped it would not come to this.” She turned to face
Margaret once more, a slight smile on her face. “Strike me, then, as if you intend to kill… Because
I don’t intend to go down any other way.”
***
Kasuga chuckled at the conclusion of this story. “Sheesh… talk about melodramatic. When I left
Shangri-la, you know what they told me? ‘Don’t let the door hit you on the ass on the way out,
Ichi!’ I mean, I’m sure they meant it with love, but…”
“I did not win that fight,” Margaret continued. “It was strange… never before had I been backed
into a corner like that. Whatever was going through her head, it was as powerful and motivating as
it was disturbing. I haven’t been able to forget that look in her eyes since then. Pure determination.
What, exactly, did he show her to cause her to abandon her duties so abruptly?
“This is where the two of you come in,” she said as she rather slowly approached her point. “I have
a list of tasks I had intended to give my guest, but given that he’s obviously not here at the moment,
you two will simply have to do.”
“Sheesh… way to make us feel special…”
“This list is adapted from a similar list my sister composed. Perhaps it will aid you in your own
personal growth as well.” She handed one list to Kasuga, and another to Haruka, and they both
began reading the tasks.

“Defeat 200 enemies in Ijincho…” Haruka read aloud. “Register every Kanto Sujimon… huh? Hey,
some of these are already crossed off.”
Kasuga glanced at Haruka’s list. “Huh? Yeah, all of the gambling-related items are crossed off.” He
looked back at his own list. “Mine too. Ounabara Vocational School is mentioned here, but all of
those items have been crossed off. What’s weird is… I actually did all of this already. But how
could she have known that? Margaret-san, have you been watching us?” He glanced back up, only
to see that Margaret was gone. “H-huh?!”
“Ah! Where did she go?!”
“…There’s something really weird about that woman…” Kasuga sighed.
"I'm still here," Margaret revealed from behind the duo, startling the both of them.
"Shit!" Kasuga exclaimed as he and Haruka quickly turned around. "Don't scare us like that!"
"I had forgotten to mention, as the two of you do not have the potential, finding me on demand may
be a bit difficult," Margaret explained.
"'The potential'?" Kasuga asked. "The hell's that supposed to mean? And we're not gonna try and
'find you' anyway."
"Thankfully, you won't need to worry about that," Margaret chuckled. "When the time comes, I
shall find you."
"Yeah, that's weird. You're a weird woman."
Haruka raised an eyebrow. "Wait, how are you going to find us if you can't even find that other guy
you're looking for?" she asked.
Margaret ignored the question. "I'm afraid I must be off. Can I count on you to perform the tasks
I've given?"
"If we get around to it, we get around to it. Don't expect us to go out of our way for any of this
stuff," Kasuga groaned.
Margaret smirked. "Hmph. I'm looking forward to it." With that, she turned and walked away,
picking a seemingly random direction on the street and sticking to it.
"...What a nutcase..." Kasuga sighed.
"Oh, hang on," Haruka muttered. "Listen to some of these tasks. 'Win Virtua Fighter esports as all
characters at least once.' 'Last ten minutes in Crazy Taxi'. 'Complete all stages in Super Monkey
Ball'. We can do those things pretty easily, don't you think, Kasuga?"
"Huh? Haruka-chan, we ain't got time for that!"
Ignoring him Haruka started off in the direction of the nearest GiGO arcade. She knew this was a
waste of time, and yet... for some reason, some force was driving her to waste time. Additionally,
despite the dire situation she was in, she felt confident that no matter how much time she wasted,
she'd be able to come back to Akame's hideout and continue on with her journey as if no time had
passed at all; the universe would simply wait for her to be ready. Truthfully, Kasuga had the same

feeling as well, as much as he wanted to be the responsible one here. Relenting, he followed her to
the arcade, unaware of just how much time they'd be wasting...
***
"Agh... dammit..." Haruka swore under her breath as she ran out of time during her Crazy Taxi run.
She lasted only around eight minutes. "Ah... who cares...?" she muttered as she stepped away from
the cabinet.
"I do," Margaret said, suddenly appearing behind her and Kasuga again.
"Shit! Would you stop doing that!" Kasuga demanded.
"Hm. Strange," Margaret said flatly, though there was an infuriating level of smugness in her voice.
"I had thought you were more than capable of completing this task. Perhaps I was wrong...?"
"Ngh! You don't know anything!" Haruka exclaimed as she sat back down in front of the wheel and
inserted 500 more yen into the machine.
"Haruka-chan..." Kasuga groaned.
"And you," Margaret said, turning to Kasuga. "You were so close to the end, there. Why did you
give up in your own quest?"
"Huh? Now hold on a second," Kasuga said as he prepared an excuse. "The Virtua Fighter cabinet
is... bugged, or something. I keep dropping combos!"
Margaret smiled slightly. "That is, as they say, a 'skill issue'."
"Oh, it's on," Kasuga growled as he returned to the Virtua Fighter esports cabinet.
"Mm, hold on," Margaret interrupted before he could blow another 500 yen on the game. "Do you
see that prize, in the UFO Catcher machine?"
Kasuga glanced at the machine. A Jack Frost doll, which, as far as he knew, was the corporate
mascot of some video game company up in Tokyo, sat in the center of the machine. "Uh, the Jack
Frost?" he asked.
"Yes. I want it."
Kasuga was confused. "Okay? Then go get it." Margaret did not budge. Instead, her smile grew,
causing Kasuga to glare at her. "You're fucking kidding me, right?"
"There are kids here, Kasuga," Haruka chided as she raced through the streets of San Francisco,
California. "Damn it all!" she swore as she missed a turn, causing her to waste precious seconds
reversing.
Kasuga sighed and hung his head. "You really want me to get you that doll, Margaret-san?"
"It would be a fantastic test of your willpower," Margaret answered.
Relenting, Kasuga put money into the UFO Catcher machine and started to play, the machine's
annoyingly peppy voice cheering him on in a mix of Japanese and heavily accented English

commands. "If you say so..." he muttered.
Margaret watched as Kasuga desperately tried to grab the doll. Behind her, Haruka continued to
drive through the streets of San Francisco, hoping to save any seconds she could with shortcuts and
cut corners. "Almost... almost!" Haruka exclaimed.
"Hm... I'm not sure I see yet why Elizabeth cares so much for that human..." Margaret mused under
her breath, "...although... I must admit, I derive much entertainment from watching them struggle to
please. Heh... Perhaps you're onto something, sister..."
~Substory End~

Chapter 53: Majima Everywhere
Following their prior excursion on behalf of the strange woman, Kasuga and Haruka returned to
Akame's hideout, where the others would be waiting for them. As the duo approached the door, still
guarded by two ex-Watase Family yakuza, Haruka reached for the knob, before pausing. “Ngh…”
she grunted, suddenly unsure of herself.
“What’s up?” Kasuga asked, concerned.
“…Sa-chan is probably in here…”
“Oh... Not sure if you can face her yet, huh?” Kasuga chuckled, and added “I get that. I feel the
same way. But the way I see it… she’s pissed at the both of us, isn’t she?”
“Huh?”
“So… let’s face her together! We’ll each take half of her wrath. Deal?”
Haruka couldn’t help but find his positive attitude in the face of adversity endearing. “Heh… Okay,
Kasuga. Together.”
Kasuga placed his hand on the knob over hers… then paused. “Ah… Now I’m gettin’ cold feet…”
he muttered. For some reason, Haruka found this funny.
One of the yakuza rolled his eyes and opened the door for them. “Can we get a move on, please?”
he groaned.
“Right… sorry.”
They made their way into the warehouse and entered Akame’s command room, where the party,
sans Saeko, was waiting for them.
“Haruka,” Nanba said, standing up. “We were worried about you. Huh?” He saw Kasuga standing
behind Haruka and grinned. “Ichiban! You’re a sight for sore eyes. So you guys are working
together now, huh?”
“Yeah, we bumped into each other,” Kasuga chuckled. “I’m doing whatever I can for Haruto-kun.”
“Where’s Saeko?” Haruka asked, causing Nanba to frown.
“Huh? We thought she was with you.”
“Ah! She never came back?!” A look of worry came over Haruka’s face. “We need to go find her!
It’s too dangerous out there for—!” She paused when Kasuga placed a hand on her shoulder.
“Huh?”
“Uh… I think she just needs some space right now,” he sighed. “From both of us.”
“Both of you?” Nanba questioned, raising an eyebrow. “Well, we all know why she’s pissed with
Ichiban, but… the hell did you do, Haruka-chan?”

“Uh… I may have… kissed her. A bit.” Her face reddened with embarrassment and shame. “…She
didn’t like that.”
“H-huh?!” Nanba stared at Haruka in shock, then looked at Kasuga… and then started to laugh.
“Heh. Hehe. Hahaha! No way! I can’t believe it! You both fucked up?! That’s unbelievable!”
Kaito seemed to also find it a bit funny. “Didn’t take ya for the hopeless romantic type…” he
chuckled.
“It’s not funny, you two,” Haruka grumbled, annoyed.
“Of course it is!” Nanba insisted. “When it comes to love, both of you share one brain cell. How is
that not funny?”
Seonhee chuckled as well. “Hmph. You’ve got a lot to learn about women, Haruka… Good thing I
offer lessons,” she added with a flirtatious lilt to her voice.
“Ugh. Hard pass,” Haruka groaned, now annoyed with all of her friends, who laughed in unison at
her and Kasuga’s shared misery. “Yeah, yeah… Say… Where’s Majima?”
Kaito shrugged. “Beats me. He just stood up and left. Said you’d be seein’ him soon, but he’d be
seein’ you sooner, whatever that means.”
“I still have his blade,” Haruka pointed out.
“Like he can’t get a new knife,” Kaito scoffed, before standing up and turning his attention to
Kasuga. “Yo… Ichiban Kasuga. Been a minute. …What the fuck did you do to your hair?”
“Hey, you’re… Kaito-san, right? From the Matsugane Family.”
“Heh… Surprised you remember. After all, it’s been, what, twenty years? A little more than that?”
“Yeah, just about. Haven’t seen you since I got locked up. How is Matsugane-san, anyway?”
Kaito sighed. “Ah… the boss passed away a few years back.”
“Shit. Sorry to hear.”
Kaito nodded sadly. “Yeah… and I was sorry to hear about Arakawa. Hmph. Seems we have a few
things in common.”
“Speaking of Arakawa-san… Were you around for the Dissolution?”
“Nah. I left the clan a few years prior.” Chuckling, Kaito added “Well… I got kicked out, more
like. Seems we have that in common, too. I ain’t sour about it, though. It could’ve been worse. A
lot worse. Hey, and what about you? Mister ‘legitimate businessman’, president of Ichiban
Holdings.”
“Heh, I was just helping out a friend… I’m not even with the company anymore.”
Haruka slowly turned to stare at Kasuga. “What.”

“Yup, I handed the reins back over to Eri-chan. It was time, you know? I’m cool with my current
job. Just call me Ichiban Kasuga, Hello Worker! Helping Ijincho through the recession, one job at a
time!”
Haruka was in shock. “You left your company… to work part time… for an employment agency?!”
“Yeah! …Why?”
“That was the whole reason I came to Ijincho in the first place!” Haruka exclaimed.
Kasuga flinched. “O-oh.”
“I was supposed to sign a funding deal for the orphanage with you… Do you have any sway with
the company at all anymore?”
“Uh… not really?” Kasuga said sheepishly. “I-I mean, I could always put you in touch with Erichan, but…!”
“No, it… it’s not important right now.” Haruka composed herself, pinching her nose bridge in
frustration as she thought about how much of this could have been avoided if she hadn’t gone to
Ijincho in the first place. “Mm… That’s going to bother me for a very long time…”
“Uh…” Once again, everyone in the room laughed at Kasuga and Haruka’s shared misery.
Akame, who had been watching the cameras with Amasawa, suddenly perked up. “Movement on
Sotenbori Street,” she announced. “Takayuki Yagami, heading west… Ah, and he’s with that loan
shark...”
Haruka’s eyes widened as she glanced at the monitor. “Huh? Akiyama-san?!”
“Damn, Tak, what did you get yourself into this time?” Kaito asked nobody in particular. “Harukachan, Higashi and I are gonna meet up with Tak. Odds are pretty good he’s got info about Mabuchi
and Watanabe. You in?”
Haruka shook her shock away and nodded. “Yeah. Kasuga, are you ready?”
“Always. Come on. Let’s head out.”
“And Kasuga…” Kaito growled, placing a hand on Kasuga’s shoulder. “Tak says he’s made contact
with a guy that sounds to me an awful lot like Kazuma Kiryu. You got anything you wanna say
about that?”
“No. Why would I?”
“Because you were prancin’ around the Castle with him, that’s why. You and Sugiura.”
“No idea what you’re talking about,” Kasuga lied. “Besides, is that really important right now?”
“If I find out you’re in on his disappearing act…”
“Kaito-san,” Haruka admonished. “It’s okay.”

“The hell it is. I’m gonna get the answers you deserve, one way or the other.” Kaito’s glare,
directed at Kasuga, seemed to be less out of anger and more out of determination to find the truth.
“You want what’s best for her. I can see that. But I owe this woman my life. So I will not stop until
every stone is unturned. And if I find out you’ve been hiding shit from her… You’ll have me to
answer to. Got that?”
“I get it, Kaito-san,” Kasuga said, his tone indicating that he held no hard feelings over the level of
mistrust that was clearly directed his way. “Heh. You got a lot of people fighting for you, Harukachan. Take solace in that. Now come on, everyone. Let’s meet this Yagami-san.”
Kasuga, Haruka, Kaito, and Higashi stepped out of the hideout and onto the streets. They started
north, but could only get a few steps into their journey before they were stopped by an authoritative
voice. “Stop right there!” the voice exclaimed. “Osaka PD. Hands where I can see ‘em.”
“Shit…” Kasuga grumbled.
“No way… how did they find us?” Kaito asked.
Higashi grumbled, “We don’t exactly blend in, aniki. Three yakuza and a girl strolling through the
city? Somebody was bound to notice.”
“We might need to run…” Haruka said in a hushed tone.
“I’m afraid I’m gonna hafta search ya fer weapons. Lotta dangerous folk around these parts!”
“Oh, good…” Kasuga sighed. “It’s just a stop and search. I haven’t got anything… that illegal. You
guys?”
Haruka’s blood ran cold. “M-Majima’s dagger…”
“Ah, shit…” Kaito muttered
The officer patted Haruka down. He smirked as he felt the blade in her pocket. “Oh… what have
we got here?” He pulled the dagger out and unsheathed it, examining it with glee. “This is a
dangerous and highly illegal weapon. What do ya have to say for yerself… Haruka-chan~?!”
Haruka’s eyes widened as a familiar eyepatch-wearing face crept into her peripheral view. She
quickly turned around and hopped backwards, staring in utter confusion at the officer. “M-Majimasan?! Don’t scare me like that!”
“Ehehehe!” he cackled. “At ease, civilian!”
“Majima, what the hell are you doing?!” Haruka exclaimed.
“Upholdin’ the law, what’s it look like?” Majima stared at the dagger, a serious look suddenly
coming over his face. “Longer than fifteen centimeters. Do ya got a permit for this?”
“Do I look like I have a permit?”
“Hm… not good. I’m gonna hafta fine ya.”
“What the hell is goin’ on here…?” Kasuga muttered.

“What’s goin’ on here is I caught ya unaware,” Majima admonished, his tone serious. “I coulda
killed ya! You need to pay more attention, Haruka-chan.”
“What is with the getup, asshat?” Kaito growled.
“Look, you said you needed my help, right?” Majima asked. “Well this is me helpin’ ya! I’m
lookin’ for Haruto-kun too! And I ain’t gonna stop until the bastards responsible are in the ground!”
“And you’re doing that by dressing up as a cop and scarin’ the shit out of us?” Kasuga asked.
“Ah, I wouldn’t be the first yakuza usin’ a badge to further my own ends,” Majima excused. “That
new commissioner out in Tokyo… he’s a character, isn’t he?”
Haruka’s eyes widened. “Huh? Majima-san, do you know something about Yamamoto?”
“Not a damn thing! At least, not any more than you know. Still… It’s weird, isn’t it? An ex-Tojo
Clan yakuza turned cop, tryin’ to lock up everyone who’s ever wronged him. Be it the ones who
almost got him kicked out of his old family,” he mused, turning to Kaito and Kasuga, “or the only
living family of the one who killed his new patriarch, and destroyed any chance he had of taking
over the Tojo Clan for himself,” he added, turning back to Haruka.
“Uncle Kaz didn’t kill Nishikiyama, though…” Haruka muttered.
“You know that. I know that. You know who doesn’t know, or believe that?” Majima stepped
closer, a grin slowly coming across his face once more. “The ex-Nishikiyama Family. Why
don’tcha tell me something, Haruka-chan… The media says you’re leadin’ a new yakuza group.
The Shin Tojo Alliance, they’re callin’ it. Except… How can they link ya to a group that doesn’t
even exist?”
Haruka thought about this for a moment. He raised a good point. She quite blatantly wasn’t in
charge of any yakuza group. And yet, the media seemed convinced that she was. Why would they
have been convinced of that if there was no evidence of any yakuza activity in Kamurocho?
Suddenly, something hit her. “Kaito-san… You and Yagami took down RK, didn’t you?”
Kaito nodded. “Sure did. With Soma behind bars, the organization crumbled. A new group,
Crimson Lotus, took their place, but most of them were killed during a party in Ijincho earlier this
year, including Kyoya Sadamoto, who was bankrolling the whole operation.”
“And the remaining Tojo Clan holdouts? What happened to them?”
“Well, they…” Kaito began, before realizing he actually didn’t have any answers. “...Huh… I…
actually have no idea. Come to think of it… When you and I first met, I was investigating reports
of a traitor within the Seiryu Clan, who we can now guess was Ebina. As part of that investigation,
I pretended to be one of them, got to know their inner workings a bit. They were expanding all over
Tokyo… but they hadn’t taken Kamurocho. Not yet.”
Higashi realized something. “But yakuza were still patrolling the streets…”
Kaito nodded. “That’s right. Tak and I ran into them a couple of times earlier this year. Could it
be… this Shin Tojo Alliance has been building up in Kamurocho, right under our noses this whole
time?”

“With help from the police department, they could do it,” Kasuga pointed out. “There’s just one
thing I don’t get… Majima-san, you said that that police commissioner has it out for me. Why? I
haven’t done anything to him.”
“Akio Yamamoto,” Kaito reminded him. “You seriously don’t remember?”
Kasuga shook his head. “No. Wait… Was he that Sakaki Family grunt we caught selling
information to the Omi Alliance? Shit… I haven’t thought about that guy in over twenty years.
You’re saying he’s behind what’s going on in Tokyo?”
“But what about the Saio Triad?” Haruka asked. “Don’t they practically run Kamurocho’s
underworld now?”
“Back in 2016, the Tojo Clan had sort of a deal with the Saio,” Kaito explained. “...Well… It was
less a deal, and more of an enforced arrangement. As long as we stuck to our territory, and they
stuck to Little Asia, there’d be no problems. In theory. In practice, there were a lot of problems…
But it was as close to a truce as we were gonna get. My guess? Yamamoto is using his ties to the
police department to consolidate power for himself, and letting the triads in on the action, similar to
the arrangement we had back then.”
“I’d say yer right on the money there,” Majima complimented.
Haruka stared uneasily at Majima. “Why are you really helping us? It’s not really about Yuta, is it?
Then what is it?”
Majima frowned. “It’s what Kiryu-chan would want me to do,” he replied, causing Haruka’s glare
to soften. “There’s a lot of people who would’ve done anything for him… which means they’ll do
anything for you.” He sighed, turned around and started to walk away. “Myself included. Harukachan… Your journey might be taking you to the very center of a massive conspiracy. I intend to
make sure you come out of it safe and sound. Now if you’ll excuse me… I have a quota to fill.” He
turned back around with a grin and called out to Haruka, still putting distance between them by
walking backwards. “And remember… I’ll be watchin’ ya! I’m everywhere, Haruka-chan!” He
turned back around and effortlessly continued his stride away from the party, leaving them stunned.
“That’s a joke, right?” Higashi asked.
“We can only hope,” Haruka sighed. “Stay away from any oversized traffic cones.”

Chapter 54: The Dream Reunion, Part I: Osaka
As the party made their way north, they passed Club Four Shine, Sotenbori’s top cabaret club.
“Hm…” Haruka hummed. “I wonder if Sa-chan’s in there…”
“Huh?” Kasuga turned to look at the club. “Why would she be in there?”
“Well, the owner, Yuki, is a legendary hostess,” Haruka explained. “Sa-chan’s apparently her
biggest fan.”
“No kiddin’…” Kasuga mused before sighing and hanging his head. “Man. I didn’t know that.
You’re already winning.”
“Hehe… I wouldn’t say that. She might leave the both of us to become Yuki-san’s protege.”
“Well, if that’s what makes her happy…”
Atop the stairs leading up to the business itself, a door opened, out of which a woman—an
employee, presumably—made her exit. She was dressed in all red, pairing a red double-breasted
coat with a matching red cap, which hid her chin-length brown hair. She sighed and pinched her
nose bridge, leaning against the door for a moment. “How much longer can I do this…?” she asked
herself. Something about the way she looked, and sounded, was very familiar to Haruka…
~Substory 10: The Dream Reunion, Part I~
Shaking her head and pushing herself off of the door, she walked down the stairs. Haruka watched
intently as she did so. “Hm… that woman…” she muttered.
“Someone you know?” Kasuga asked.
“Maybe…”
The woman made her way to street level, making eye contact with Haruka as she passed. A flicker
of recognition flashed in her eyes, and she raised an eyebrow. “Eh? Say… don’t I know you?” the
woman asked.
“Wait a minute… Azusa?” Haruka realized. This was Azusa Osawa, one half of T-Set, Haruka’s
main rival during the Princess League, as well as one third of DREAM-LINE, the supergroup that
the two acts formed.
“You’re…” Osawa gasped and her eyes widened. “H-Haruka?”
“Yeah, it’s me!” Haruka nodded, smiling. “After all of these years, I can’t believe—!” her smile
faded, and her thought was interrupted by a sharp and painful slap across her face delivered by
Osawa, who glared intensely at Haruka.
“What the hell?!” Kasuga exclaimed, glaring at Osawa.
“Bitch!” she spat. “Get away from me, yokel, before I call the police.” Shaking her head, she
turned away from the party and stormed off, leaving Haruka to nurse her wounds, physical and

emotional.
“The hell’s her problem?” Kasuga growled, glaring after her. “She needs to apologize.”
“No… I deserved that,” Haruka sighed as the pain in her cheek subsided. “It’s me who should
apologize.”
“Huh? Uh, wait… I think I’m missing some context here. You mind catching me up to speed?”
***
Kasuga, Haruka, Kaito, and Higashi sat together at an outdoor cafe across from Four Shine, where
Haruka had just finished explaining the entire backstory of her relationship, rivalry, and, eventually,
partnership with T-Set, a then up-and-coming idol duo represented by Osaka Talent who wound up
being the main competition to Haruka in the Princess League. Composed of teen performers Azusa
Osawa and Mai Sanada, T-Set were as formidable foes as they could be. With Haruka, they formed
DREAM-LINE, and were set to take the Japanese pop world by storm… until their fateful debut
concert, that is.
“I think I get it, now,” Kasuga said, nodding his head. “They were on stage with you ten years ago,
when you told the world about your associations with the Tojo Clan’s Fourth Chairman, which
meant that they were two degrees of separation from yakuza themselves.”
Haruka nodded, a sad look in her eyes. “Yeah. At the time, I wasn’t thinking about what effect such
a statement may have on the lives of those around me. Clearly, it had a profound effect.”
“Hm… Guess I can’t blame her for holding a grudge, then…” Kasuga muttered. “After all, I can’t
imagine the media treated them kindly in the aftermath. Still… She didn’t even wanna hear you
out!”
“As is her right,” Haruka pointed out. “No matter how you look at it, I ruined her career. Plus, I’m
wanted for murder. We should just consider ourselves lucky she didn’t call the police… And I’d
rather not test her patience on that front by chasing her down to deliver an apology that will only
make myself feel better.”
“Come on, you know it’s the right thing to do.”
“Not if it isn’t something she wants,” Haruka argued. “Nobody owes me their forgiveness, least of
all her. She probably just wants to forget all about me, and move on with her life. Pushing it at this
point would only be to clear my own conscience, and may even make things worse. Besides… we
have more important things to worry about.” She stood up and started walking north, leading the
party away from the cafe.
“Yeah, but…” Kasuga started, before conceding that she wouldn’t entertain the topic any longer.
“Alright. Let’s go.”
***
The party made their way across Iwao Bridge, where they saw Osawa once more. “Ah, there she is
again…” Haruka muttered. “We should take another route.”

“Just leave me alone…” she heard Osawa say as the party started to walk in another direction. This
caused Haruka to stop and turn around.
“Huh?”
Osawa was surrounded by three older men in suits, and appeared very uncomfortable as they
approached her. “I’m off the clock,” she scoffed. “Please go bother somebody else.”
“Do ya know how much money I spent on your ass in that club?!” one of the men spat. “Honestly, I
coulda gone for one of the prettier girls, but I heard you actually put out, unlike all those other
whores. That’s why I put all of that cash down!”
“Well, you heard wrong,” Osawa muttered, looking away from them. “Those are nothing but awful
rumors… not that I’m not used to them by this point.”
“I just want my money’s worth. So how about we head to a nice hotel, and…”
“She said no,” Haruka said in a low tone as she stepped between Osawa and her assailants.
“H-Haruka?!”
“Huh? And who the fuck are you?” the man asked. “You plannin’ on joining in?”
Kasuga couldn’t help but notice that Haruka glared at the man with the exact same intensity that he
had seen Kiryu glare at others. It was sort of frightening, actually… but at the same time, incredibly
badass. It was a very potent reminder of who raised her.
“Why don’t you bother somebody else?” Haruka said to the man, whose friends both stepped closer
to back him up. “Leave my friend alone.”
Osawa’s eyes widened. “Friend…?”
“Haha! Big mistake, bitch!” the man laughed, smacking his fist into an open hand. “Tell ya what. If
you apologize right now, I’ll let ya join in on this little party instead of killing you.”
“It’s you who should apologize,” Haruka growled as she put her fists up. Kasuga, Kaito, and
Higashi joined her and stood by her side, ready to back her up. “I’m not going to sit by and let you
abuse my friend like that!”
SLEAZY MEN
The men and his three allies transformed, and weapons suddenly appeared in their hands; the leader
found himself holding a champagne bottle and drunkenly swaying, two of his allies held
switchblades, and the last one even had a gun! “Hm…” Haruka hummed with a frown.
“What’s up, Haruka-chan?” Kasuga asked.
“That’s a bit disappointing… I’ve seen these types of enemies before.”
“Well, yeah, I mean, your imagination has limits,” he chuckled. “But it works out this way! Now
you already know how to fight ‘em!”
“I suppose that is true…”

Higashi groaned discontentedly, causing Kaito to raise an eyebrow. “What is it?”
“…There’s two of them now…” Higashi sighed. “If I ever start talking nonsense like that, please
knock some sense into me.”
In response, Kaito could only grin and laugh. “Hah! Actually… I’m starting to think this might be
more fun their way. Sort of wish I could see what they see.”
“When I’ve got some time, I’ll help you get in the mindset,” Kasuga chuckled. “Let’s just focus on
kicking these guys’ asses first, though.”
The leader of the very rude men moved first, drunkenly stumbling forward and swinging his bottle
at Haruka’s head, an attack which she was able to dodge. She retaliated with a front flip, bringing
her foot down against the back of his skull and slamming his face into the pavement, twisting her
ankle and rubbing his face in the ground for good measure. Higashi pulled a handgun out of his suit
jacket and shot three warning shots at the ground, then flipped his gun around and pistol-whipped a
blade-carrying henchman, and Kaito hit the gun-wielding henchman with a dropkick.
The gun-wielding henchman pointed his gun straight at Haruka and fired several times, damaging
her severely with each shot; a switchblade wielder slashed at Kaito; and the other one slashed at
Higashi, causing him to bleed profusely. “Shit… I’m bleeding pretty bad,” he groaned as he
clutched his wounds.
Kasuga’s turn came around. He decided to phone a friend. Pulling his phone out, he searched
Poundmates for a suitable ally. Static electricity sparked from his finger as he swiped around.
“Time to call… A FRIEND!” he yelled as he dramatically pressed the “send” button and held his
phone in the air. “I SUMMON YOU!” A beam of light shot from his phone and into the sky,
parting the clouds above.
Suddenly, the enemies turned and saw a lone baby carriage sitting in the middle of the street… and
the baby held a large lollipop. It looked delicious. Smirking, the leader of the sleazy men
approached the carriage and reached out for the lollipop. “Heh… don’t mind if I do…” he
chuckled. Looking down into the carriage, he suddenly gasped.
There was a grown man in there! “You weren’t about to steal candy from a baby, were ya?!” the
baby exclaimed, glaring up at the aggressor.
SUSUMU GONDAWARA
Gondawara Family Patriarch
Gondawara teared up, and started to cry. “Waaaah! Help me!”
“H-hey, shut up!” the sleazy man yelled as he backed away, before bumping into a woman who
stood behind him with a glare. “H-huh?!”
“You’ve been a naughty, naughty boy!” she scolded as she grappled the man.
SAYA-CHAN
Gondawara Family Matriarch
“Naughty boys get punished!” she exclaimed, lifting the man into the air with surprising strength.

“Ah! P-please! I’m sorry!”
“It’s time to put you… in a time out!” Saya slammed the man’s body into the concrete, then
stomped on his chest with a high-heeled boot, causing him to spit out a large amount of blood.
Though dazed, he hoped the worst was over; that hope was dashed when Gondawara got out of his
carriage and approached the man.
“Don’t worry… We’re real nice, when you get to know us,” he said darkly as he and Saya both
grabbed the man and held him up in the air, dragging him kicking and screaming to the back of a
mid-2000s Toyota minivan.
“N-no! Let go of me!” Saya slid the door open, and Gondawara chucked his opponent into the back
seat, where several other men in diapers sat, watching him intently. “Ah! No! Please!”
“No fussing!” Saya ordered. She got into the driver’s seat of the van and turned the key, starting the
engine and driving away from the battle.
That man was never heard from again. With the leader of the sleazy men gone, Haruka moved
forward in the turn order. “Let’s do this, Kasuga!” she exclaimed as she prepared a tag team attack.
“Right behind ya, Haruka-chan!”
Haruka’s wrist tattoo radiated a blue aura that permeated her sleeve, as did Kasuga’s irezumi, and
they nodded at each other. Slowly, they approached their opponents, ready to strike them down.
Haruka threw a push kick at one man, sending him backwards into Kasuga, who punched him,
sending him stumbling backwards into his allies. He glared up at Kasuga and Haruka, before
gasping in fear.
A pair of ethereal dragons floated behind them, their glares as intense as their masters. “Let’s do
this!” Kasuga exclaimed, and he and Haruka ran at their opponents. The dragons behind them
roared and soared past them, flying towards the sleazy men, who tried to jump out of the way.
TAG TEAM: LIKE A DRAGON
Though the men narrowly avoided being knocked over by the dragons, they could not avoid the fire
that the monsters breathed onto the battlefield. Two of the men passed out, unable to stand the heat,
leaving just one standing amongst the flames. He thought the worst was over. He was so, so wrong;
Haruka and Kasuga yelled out and jumped through the flames, each with an outstretched leg, the
soles of their shoes making painful contact with his face, sending several of his teeth flying as he
flew backwards and hit the ground, out cold.
The battle was finished, and Haruka and Kasuga were victorious. “Hah! Yeah! I feel my stats going
up!” Kasuga laughed as the four men struggled to stand.
“Ngh… you’re gonna regret that…” the leader groaned in pain. “Come on, boys… let’s get out of
here…”
The four men stumbled away, leaving Haruka and Kasuga alone with Osawa. Haruka sighed, partly
from exhaustion, but partly out of sadness, and turned to Kasuga. “Come on, Kasuga,” she
muttered. “Let’s go.”
“Right.”

They started to leave, but Osawa called out to them. “W-wait!” Haruka stopped in her tracks.
“Why… Why did you help me?”
Haruka turned to her, a confused look on her face. “What do you mean? You were in trouble.”
“Yeah, but… After the way I just treated you…”
“That doesn’t matter,” Haruka denied, shaking her head. “Helping you was the right thing to do.
That’s the start and the end of it. Besides… You’re not wrong to hate me. I really am terrible.”
Kasuga frowned and crossed his arms. “Haruka-chan…”
Osawa examined Haruka as if attempting to gauge her sincerity. “They’re saying you’re a killer,”
she said, though it was more a statement than an accusation. “That you murdered a yakuza up in
Tokyo.”
Haruka nodded. “They are saying that, yes.”
“But it’s not true.” This, again, was a statement, not a question. Osawa seemed not to doubt
Haruka’s innocence.
“You don’t know that.”
“Of course I do, you dumb yokel,” Osawa chuckled. “You? A killer? I’d sooner believe the sky is
falling. That’s not the Haruka Sawamura I went up against in the Princess League. You’re too much
of a goody two-shoes, even if you were brought up by a yakuza.”
“…Azusa, I… I’m sorry,” Haruka sighed. “For everything. For abandoning DREAM-LINE ten
years ago. For the things I said on stage… I can’t imagine how difficult I made T-Set’s life after
that.”
“There wasn’t a T-Set after that concert,” Osawa admitted. “It’s true. The way you left pretty much
shattered any hopes we had at a career. The media put us through the ringer. We tried putting out an
album, but nobody would distribute it. But as much as we wanted to blame you at the time… We
couldn’t.”
“Why not?”
“Because you only did what you felt was right. You always did. And besides… A journalist put out
an exposé on Osaka Talent afterwards. One way or another, the whole world would’ve found out
our management company was an Omi Alliance front, and I’d have ended up entertaining weirdos
in some cabaret club anyway. I suppose I’m lucky Yuki-san scouted me when she did.”
“And what happened to Mai?” Haruka inquired. Mai Sanada was the other half of T-Set… and she
was conspicuously absent.
“Ah…” Osawa sighed. “To be honest… I’m not sure. She… had a harder time adjusting than I did.
Her parents couldn’t stand the shame that having a daughter associated with a yakuza heiress
brought them, so they kicked her out.”
Somehow, that information was like a kick to Haruka’s stomach. “Ngh…” she grunted, the guilt
once again setting in.

“She started engaging in compensated dating to make ends meet, which got her expelled once her
school found out…”
“No…!” Haruka gasped, her eyes widening. “Don’t tell me she…?”
Osawa frowned and looked at the ground. “I’ll put it this way. By the time she was 18, she was
comfortable enough with the idea of selling herself that she wound up working in a soapland.”
“The type of person who goes into sex work that young usually doesn’t like it,” Kasuga lamented.
“I grew up in a soapland. I was practically raised by the women there. Contrary to what you might
think, most of them didn’t actually hate what they were doing. Yeah, pretty much all of them had
been dealt a shitty hand in life, but I met a lot of women there who took it all in stride. There was
one girl, though… She was only 19 when she started working there, and apparently, she’d been
living on the streets since she was 15, and had resorted to sex work just to eat. I could tell just by
the look in her eyes that she wasn’t happy. …She disappeared one day. Nobody really knows what
happened to her. I tried looking into her after I joined the Arakawa Family, but… I couldn’t find
anything.” He sighed. “But, sorry, I didn’t mean to hijack your story.”
Osawa seemed even more depressed by that anecdote. “Well… this story has a similar ending, I
suppose. She ended up taking out a huge loan from an Omi Alliance loan shark, and then when she
couldn’t pay it back, she left town. Didn’t even say a word to me. Of course the Great Dissolution
happened shortly after so… she ran for nothing.”
Haruka teared up. She couldn’t handle hearing anymore. “It’s all because of me…” she muttered,
her tears hitting the pavement below her. “If I hadn’t said those things…”
“Hey.” Osawa tried to snap her out of it. “Don’t do that. This wasn’t your fault. Well… maybe it
was a little. But it’s like I said, the walls were about to come crashing down on Osaka Talent
anyway. If you hadn’t taken us down, we’d have taken you down.”
“Even so, do you have any idea where Mai might’ve gone?” Kasuga asked. “I’d hate to think a
friend of yours might be in trouble.”
Osawa thought about it for a moment. “Tokyo or Yokohama, maybe,” she mused. “She was trying
to escape the Omi Alliance, so… maybe she thought she’d be safer in Tojo Clan territory.”
“Hey, we’re gonna end up back that way soon anyway,” Kasuga said, smiling. “Tell you what.
Haruka-chan and I will keep an eye out for her. If she’s in trouble… We’ll get her out of it. Right,
Haruka-chan?”
Haruka nodded. “Yes. It’s the least I can do for the trouble I’ve caused all of you.”
Osawa’s eyes shimmered slightly with unshed tears. All of the horrible things she’d said to Haruka,
not just today, but in the past, and yet… “I really don’t get you…” Osawa muttered. “Haruka…
There’s something you should know. I… I had a feeling I’d be seeing you today.”
Haruka raised an eyebrow. “Hm? Why’s that?”
“...I was approached by a woman this morning, before work.” Osawa seemed thoroughly perturbed
as she recalled the conversation she had. “She was waiting for me outside of Four Shine. She knew
where I worked, my name… She even recited my address to me. She told me… that somebody

from my past who had wronged me might be showing up in Sotenbori. She had a man with her, too,
a real scary looking guy. And she wanted… She wanted me to help her kill you.”
Haruka was taken aback. “K-kill me?!”
"Yeah. They're forming some sort of party, with one ultimate goal; to kill Haruka Sawamura."
“Did they look like triads or yakuza?” Kasuga asked.
Osawa shook her head. “No. At least… I don’t think so. She did tell me that she came from a long
line of skilled assassins who have existed in Japan going back at least to the Edo Period.”
“Did she give you a name?” Haruka asked, to which Osawa nodded.
“Yes… I believe they called themselves… Amon.”
Haruka's eyes narrowed. "Amon? Where have I heard that name before...? Wait... Could it have
been Noa Amon?"
"I think that was the woman's name," Osawa sighed. "I take it you know her."
"Uh... sort of?" In truth, Haruka's previous encounter with Noa Amon, which had occurred ten
years ago, had nearly been completely forgotten until now. Could she have been the "Forgotten
Warrior" that challenged Haruka in writing back in Ijincho? "The Amon Clan has a grudge against
my father, going back at least to the 80s, or so I'm told. Once one is targeted by the Amon Clan,
escaping alive is impossible... Again, so she says. When Uncle Kaz was first challenged by the
Amon Clan, he defeated them easily."
"Must've been real embarrassing for them," Kasuga chuckled. "Come to think of it, I think I had a
run-in with an Amon as well. Shin Amon, I think his name was."
Kaito nodded. "Tak, too. Shin Amon and his twin brother Juzo both tried to kill him on two
separate occasions."
Haruka continued. "Noa Amon is their eldest daughter, I think, and I suppose she inherited their
vendetta. But the Amon Clan has strict rules against men fighting women, so rather than target
Uncle Kaz, Noa was forced to go after me."
"And you survived?!" Kasuga exclaimed in amazement.
"Well, I mean, at the time, I wasn't a fighter. She challenged me to a battle... on the dance floor."
"...The dance floor...?" Kaito asked. "Is that seriously how you used to settle things? You never,
like, punched a guy out before this year?"
"I knocked my ex-dance instructer out with a fire extinguisher once."
"That's a joke, isn't it, Haruka-chan?"
Haruka put a finger to her chin, ignoring Kaito's question. "Hmm... But when I first encountered
Noa Amon, we parted on... Okay terms? I think?? Why would she want to kill me now?!"

Kasuga smirked. "Heh... Maybe she's been itchin' for a rematch, and now that you're out here
kickin' ass like your old man, she figures now's the right time."
Haruka sighed and crossed her arms. "Hmph... She did say she'd beat me the next time... I didn't
think she meant that literally. Well, whatever. I'll just have to win again."
"Haha, yeah, that's the spirit!" Kasuga cheered, pumping a fist in the air.
Osawa couldn't help but chuckle. "You really are something else. Be careful, Haruka."
Haruka nodded with a smile. "I will, Azusa. Thanks for the warning. And... Thank you, for hearing
me out. I'm going to find Sanada and bring her back to Sotenbori, too. I promise."
"I'll hold you to it... yokel." Osawa let out the epithet with a smile. "Seriously, though... Try not to
get killed out there. Okay?"
Haruka nodded once more. "It's a promise."
The two women shook on it, and their rivalry officially came to an end. As Haruka squashed her
beef with one rival, though, another stood in the wings, waiting for her chance to strike. A woman
about Haruka's age with chin-length black hair, dressed in a black suit with matching high heels
stood in the darkness nearby, watching the interaction. Despite the late hour, she also wore a pair of
aviator sunglasses; one would assume it was to conceal her identity, but it was simply the style that
everyone in her family had adopted. Now, as she prepared for her first real fight against the
daughter of Kazuma Kiryu, she too had adopted a style she once rejected. "Soon, Haruka
Sawamura... I will taste victory as I watch the life leave your eyes. But not now. Not yet. You still
have quite a journey ahead of you..."
~Substory End~

Chapter 55: Aggravated fight
“Where… did you get this picture?”
Shun Akiyama stared wide-eyed at the photograph in front of him. The haircut of the man in the
photo was unfamiliar, as was his dress sense, but that glare… It was unmistakable. He could never
mistake it, no matter how much had passed.
This… was Kazuma Kiryu, once a friend and trusted ally of Akiyama’s. That was supposed to have
been impossible. Kiryu was dead. At least, that was what they all said. Akiyama had always
believed otherwise, and now, it seemed he had proof sitting right in front of him.
Takayuki Yagami, the detective who presented this information to him, smiled. “Tell me who he
is…” he said, “…and I’ll tell you where he is.”
This detective claimed to have all of the answers. But… could Akiyama trust him? “What makes
you think this guy’s related?” he asked.
“For starters, my client seems to think so,” Yagami explained. “He arrived in town not long ago,
tailing one Ichiban Kasuga… one of Haruka-chan’s supposed accomplices, despite the fact that as
far as I can tell, they’ve never met.”
Akiyama tried to mask his surprise. “He’s here? In Sotenbori?”
“Yeah, and he’s kicked my ass once already.”
“Hm… And… what makes you think I know him?"
Yagami grabbed his phone again and searched for a video he had saved. “Hold on… here.” He
placed it on the table again. The video was a news broadcast from roughly ten years ago, depicting
Akiyama and Kiryu fighting a horde of Omi Alliance thugs in Kamurocho. “That’s you in the video
isn’t it?”
“Yeah, that’s me,” Akiyama sighed. “The other guy in the video is Kazuma Kiryu, which I’m sure
you knew. Kiryu-san passed away six years ago, unfortunately.”
“I seem to recall my partner mentioning something like that to me—he’s an ex-yakuza.”
Akiyama scoffed and lit a cigarette. “Right. So… what? You think this guy’s related to Kiryu-san
somehow? As far as I know he didn’t have any brothers or anything. Of course, he was an orphan,
so who knows. Maybe they were separated at birth. One became a yakuza, and the other, I dunno…
works for the CIA.” Chuckling, he added “Actually… that sounds a bit too ridiculous to be real. I
gotta say, though… the resemblance is uncanny.”
“It sure is…” Yagami muttered. “In fact, minus the hair… It almost looks like the same guy…
Don’t you think so?”
Akiyama’s smile faded, and was replaced with a bit of a glare. “You heard me, right? Kazuma
Kiryu is dead. He was murdered by a rival yakuza in Hiroshima. Are you suggesting his ghost is
wandering Sotenbori?”

Yagami shook his head. “No, no, nothing of the sort.”
“Then, what? There’s… a zombie yakuza wandering around?"
"Hmph. Very funny." Yagami stepped ever closer to the money lender. “Have you heard of the
Daidoji Faction, Akiyama-san?”
“Never,” Akiyama replied, though he was lying. He had heard of them. Not through any official
channels, of course… but in the aftermath of Kiryu’s “death”, he did some independent research
into various secret Japanese organizations that took him across the country and southeast Asia. He
became more familiar with the inner workings of the police, encountered an enigmatic group of
shadow operatives, and yes, learned a thing or two about the Daidoji Faction, although not enough
for it to matter.
“That doesn’t surprise me,” Yagami said, seemingly buying it. “I didn't even know anything about
them, until my client asked me to look into them. Best I can tell, they’re a faction of the Citizens’
Liberal Party that has a heavy hand in national politics and national security. They’re completely
off-the-books, which means they’re able to operate through extralegal means. And… they have the
power to make a man disappear.”
Yagami thought back to a headline he had read just a few weeks ago. Accused Gang Boss with Ties
to Public Security Found Dead in Cell, the paper read. The subject was Kazuki Soma, a prior
adversary of Yagami’s. He had been found hanging by a bedsheet in his cell. The cameras had been
shut off for an extended period of time, and only one guard was assigned to the cell—he claimed
not to have seen anything.
When he first read the headline, Yagami already assumed Soma had been murdered; silenced by his
masters in the government to avoid a national scandal. With the information he gained over these
past few days, he wondered now if the Daidoji, who had a vested interest in keeping the CLP
scandal-free, had been the ones to do him in. They would certainly have that clout, that access.
In truth, this was now Yagami’s main motivator. With Soma gone, so many within the government
who were complicit by proxy in a host of Soma’s murders—including that of Yoko Sawa, an
innocent who was murdered during Yagami’s last case—would never face justice. That, frankly,
was unacceptable. If he had to, he would expose the entire Daidoji Faction and take down everyone
in the CLP, starting with Kiryu or Joryu or whoever this guy was.
“So… Are you gonna tell me what you know about this guy?” Yagami asked.
“Wish I could help,” Akiyama responded dismissively. “But, I’m sorry. I have no clue who this guy
is. As I’ve said, Kiryu is dead.”
“And what if he’s not?” Yagami asked. “I’m thinking… Kazuma Kiryu didn’t die in Hiroshima six
years ago. I think he faked his death, with the Daidoji Faction’s help, and I think you know
something about it.”
Glaring at Yagami, Akiyama stood up. “I already told you… I don’t know anything. And you know
what? Even if I did, I wouldn’t tell you. Now get out of my office.”
Yagami didn’t so much as flinch as Akiyama threatened him. “Haruka-chan’s in danger.”
Akiyama’s eyes widened and he let out a sharp gasp. “What did you say?”

“You need to tell me what you know, because—.”
“You stay… the FUCK AWAY FROM HER!” Akiyama yelled out as he ran towards Yagami and
launched himself into the air, directing a forceful kick to his face.
“Whoa!” Yagami yelled out as he narrowly dodged the kick, which was quickly followed by a
reverse kick, which Yagami blocked with a high kick of his own.
SHUN AKIYAMA
Sky Finance
Shit, Yagami thought to himself as he hopped backwards, quickly getting into his Tiger stance. I
think I might have pissed him off… I guess I’m fighting this guy now. Yagami had to think fast in
order to dodge a low left kick, a low right kick, a left jab, a right cross, and a spinning left back fist
from Akiyama. Giving him no time to breath, Akiyama threw another low kick at him, which
landed, then switched the combo up and hit him with a high left kick and a right roundhouse kick,
which sent Yagami flying across the room.
As Akiyama approached, Yagami shot his legs into the air and kicked as he righted himself,
managing to strike the moneylender in the process. “I think you’ve got the wrong idea,” he
groaned. “We’re on the same side!” Nonetheless, if Akiyama wanted to fight, Yagami was ready to
defend himself. He attacked with a low left palm strike, followed by a right palm strike, a right
overhead punch and a left jab, finishing with a right horse kick and a right axe kick with a
corresponding elbow dash.
Akiyama was unbothered by the damage and threw several kicks Yagami’s way; a right push kick
and two high right side kicks, before quickstepping to his left away from a retaliatory strike from
Yagami and following up with a low left kick, then dodging another attack to his right, followed by
a left push kick. Yagami tried to leapfrog over his head to deliver a downward kick to his skull, but
Akiyama was a bit too agile for this and grabbed Yagami by his shirt, throwing him back to the
ground.
Yagami righted himself midair and landed on his feet. He then ran at Akiyama and performed a
sliding right kick, sending Akiyama down to his own knees. Yagami then quickly stood up and ran
at him from the other direction, performing a flying knee attack, sending Akiyama to the ground.
He ran at him one more time and slid on the ground with his knee outstretched, smashing it into
Akiyama’s face. He quickly stood back up. Right, just gotta find my rhythm, he thought to himself
as Akiyama painfully stood back up. Though he made a series of missteps, he was starting to figure
the moneylender out. “Come at me,” he taunted as he switched into his Snake stance.
Enraged, Akiyama ran at him; whatever attack he had prepared, Yagami was able to counter it with
a swift reversal, grabbing him and pushing him backwards as he effectively swapped places with
him. He then switched to Crane style and hit Akiyama with a low right kick, a mid left kick, a
backwards right kick, and a spinning roundhouse kick, followed by a left reverse hook kick and a
forward flip left kick, which launched Akiyama; he kept the moneylender in the air by juggling him
with that initial rush combo, then kept it going by switching back to his Tiger stance and running
through that style’s rush combo. He then performed a side flip and brought his leg down into
Akiyama’s gut, sending him flying down onto his own coffee table, smashing it into pieces.
Yagami took a step back and tried to catch his breath as Akiyama groaned in pain over what
remained of his table. “Agh… I liked this table…” he muttered.

“Sorry,” Yagami apologized. “Didn’t mean to break anything.” He stepped towards Akiyama and
held his hand out. “Are you okay?” Akiyama stared up at Yagami with a distrustful look in his
eyes. This caused Yagami to sigh. “Look… I’m not a bad guy. I don’t expect you to believe me
when I say this… But we’re on the same side.”
“You make it sound as if there’s some greater conflict here,” Akiyama chuckled. “Ow…”
“There is,” Yagami sighed. “Akiyama-san… tell me why you left Kamurocho.”
Akiyama frowned. “Hmph… Well… that’s a long story.”
Once Yagami had helped Akiyama off of the ground, they sat on the opposing couches, on either
side of what once was a coffee table. “So… why I first left Kamurocho… I suppose you’d need to
go back about seven years. The Saio Triad had advanced into Kamurocho, immediately declaring
war on the Tojo Clan. Most of their leaders were in prison, so they weren’t in a position to fight
back. To make matters worse, the new governor, Ryo Aoki, had made it that much harder for the
yakuza to operate in public, leaving very little in the way of opposition, both to the triads, and the
Omi Alliance, who were slowly making their way east, waiting for an opening. In the end, the Tojo
Clan was forced to make peace with the Saio Triad, or face destruction. It was a peace that the
triads rarely respected. Yakuza kept turning up dead left and right. Murdered by the triads.
“I was in hiding, masquerading as one of Kamurocho’s many homeless. The Saio started coming
after not just the Tojo Clan, but associates of the Tojo Clan, which meant that a moneylender like
myself with close ties to Tojo leadership was no longer welcome.” He recalled everything that
happened over the next two years. “The conflict between the triads and the yakuza suddenly
exploded when Kiryu was released from prison in 2016. A Hiroshima-based yakuza group started
getting involved, too. And, of course, there was the revived Jingweon Mafia, who had started
encroaching on the city as well. After all was said and done, the Saio had been destroyed, their
leader forced into exile… the Jingweon’s leader, Joongi Han, had been killed in Hiroshima… and
Kiryu himself was murdered, right in front of his daughter and grandson.
“I didn’t stick around in Kamurocho for much longer after that,” Akiyama continued. “Although
the criminal threats against me and my business were gone, there was another threat to me because
of my line of work.”
“Kamurocho 3K,” Yagami realized. “Governor Aoki signed it into law the next year. If I hadn’t
hired Kaito-san when I did, he’d have been out on the streets with no way to earn a living.”
“So you’re familiar with that situation,” Akiyama chuckled. “Yes, because of Kamurocho 3K, I was
forced to leave Tokyo. I existed in one of those gray zones that Aoki wanted to get rid of. I
shuttered my businesses and… pursued independent ventures. In Singapore, and Seoul… Hong
Kong… Eventually, I made my way back to Kamurocho. With the Great Dissolution, I had to know
what had become of my city. This would have been… early 2021, I think, and I had the misfortune
of immediately bumping into that hangure group that had taken to the streets.”
“RK,” Yagami sighed, nodding. “I dealt with them, too.”
“Once RK was gone, Crimson Lotus filled that vacuum. And then the triads came right on back.
And the police? They were just letting it all happen.” Shaking his head, Akiyama stared down at his
feet. “The city I knew… was dead. So I came to Osaka… and never looked back.”
Yagami looked at him sympathetically. “I hate what’s happened to the city, too,” he muttered.

“…You said that Haruka-chan’s in danger,” Akiyama pointed out. “What did you mean? And what
does it have to do with what’s happening in Kamurocho?”
“A child went missing from Morning Glory Orphanage,” Yagami explained. “Haruto Sawamura.
Haruka’s son. His father, Yuta Usami, was the illegitimate son of the Saio Triad’s last chairman. I
suspect you knew that. So, it doesn’t take a genius to figure out who took him. Haruka was locked
up just before that happened. Bad luck… or evidence of a greater conspiracy?”
Akiyama thought about it, before widening his eyes slightly. “Wait… the people that took Harutokun, and the group that’s making moves in Kamurocho…?”
“One and the same,” Yagami confirmed. “And… I think somebody in the police department is
cooperating with them.”
“That would explain why Haruka’s arrest coincided with Haruto’s kidnapping… The Saio Triad
made a move once their mole in the police department gave them the heads up that nobody was
watching over Morning Glory.”
Yagami nodded. “There are still a few pieces missing in that puzzle, but I have a feeling that once I
can get in touch with Kaito-san again, those pieces will fall into place too.”
“…And why are you after that Daidoji Faction agent? The one you think is Kiryu?” Akiyama
asked.
“Personal interest,” Yagami answered. “I have a bone to pick with the Daidoji Faction.” Sawasensei… The people who sanctioned your killing may never be brought to justice… And it might be
the Daidoji’s fault. I’m sorry, but I can’t let that slide. “Does it really matter, though? If it is
Kiryu… Don’t you want to know for sure? I think we can help each other.”
“…Let’s say Kiryu is still alive,” Akiyama said, seemingly conceding what was already obvious.
“Let’s say… He is working with this Daidoji Faction. What then? He has a criminal record. He’s
been to prison twice already. If he really did fake his own death, and if the Daidoji are what you say
they are, you could land him in prison again… Maybe for the rest of his life.”
“If Kiryu-san is a good and honest man, I won’t let that happen.”
“Huh?”
Smiling, Yagami pulled out his Genda Law pin, holding it out for Akiyama to see. “I’m a lawyer…
And a pretty damn good one at that. When all of this is over, I intend to defend Haruka Sawamura
against the murder charge, and if I have to, I’ll take on Kiryu-san’s case, too.” Putting his pin away,
he then held his hand out again, implicitly asking for a handshake. “So… What do you say? Will
you work with me… And help me bring the truth to light?”
Akiyama stared uneasily at Yagami’s hand for a moment. He still didn’t know if he could trust this
man. But… He had long suspected that Kiryu had survived his apparent death six years ago.
Haruka deserved to know the truth, and Akiyama wanted to know for sure besides that. And if she
and Haruto were in danger… He refused to sit on the sidelines. Grasping Yagami’s hand, he
nodded.
“Okay, Yagami-san,” he said. “I’ll work with you. For Haruka-chan.”

Yagami smiled once more. “For Haruka-chan.”

Chapter 56: Mele Kalikimaka
Chapter Summary

A (slightly late) Christmas one-shot, set after the end of Like A Dragon 8 and inspired by the
postings of the mysterious @_kasuga_ichiban Twitter account.

“‘Mele Kalikimaka’ is the thing to say, on a bright, Hawaiian Christmas Day.
“That’s the island greeting that we send to you, from the land where palm trees sway.”
The air was quite warm, as usual, in Ryukyu, Okinawa on the 25th of December, 2024. It was
Christmas Day, and Ichiban Kasuga had arrived back in Japan that morning, having spent the prior
days in America, catching up with friends and family who lived abroad. Rather than head straight
back to Yokohama, however, he decided to make something of an unplanned detour to Okinawa,
where he would catch up with his other, more recently acquired family.
“Here we know that Christmas will be green and bright,” he sang as he walked towards the
monorail which would take him to his destination, a station on Morning Glory Road. “The sun to
shine at day, and the stars at night. ‘Mele Kalikimaka’ is Hawaii’s way, to say ‘Merry Christmas’ to
you.”
Beside him, Saeko Mukoda, who tagged along from Kanto for this leg of his journey, chuckled.
“You really like that song, huh?” she asked.
“Heh, I heard it in the airport back in Honolulu,” he explained with his own chuckle. “Haven’t been
able to get it out of my head.”
“Say… do they know we’re coming?”
“Nah, no idea. It’s a bit of a surprise. I know we’re probably intruding a bit on their holiday, so I’m
not planning to stay long.”
“You came all this way just to say ‘hi’?” Saeko asked, shaking her head. “You’re something else,
Ichiban.”
“Yeah, well, you tagged along, so…”
“Hm. Fair. Of course, they’re not just your friends, you know.”
“I know, I know!” Frowning as they stepped onto the waiting monorail car, Ichiban added “Man…
It’s hard to believe it’s been a whole year since everything went down in Hawaii.”
“And nearly two years since the Saio Triad. Time sure does fly.”
“That reminds me, I gotta visit Ebina-san after this.” Seeing that Saeko was making a face, Kasuga
added “He’s my brother, Sa-chan. Prison is lonely, and… he shouldn’t be alone. Not right now.”

“So you keep saying… But the things he did to Kiryu-san and to Haruka… and even to
Sawashiro… How do you find it in you to forgive people who are so awful?”
“There’s a difference between forgiving a crime, and having empathy for the person behind it,”
Kasuga explained. “He and I… we’re not that different, when you really think about it. Two sons of
Masumi Arakawa, with no idea where they came from. We both lost people important to us. The
difference between us is that while I found a new family… at Shangri-La… in the Arakawa
Family… Heh… With you, Nanba and Adachi-San and all those other guys… Ebina had nobody.
Nobody to show him that there’s always a light at the end of the tunnel, and that, no matter how far
away it seems, you can still reach it. If Ebina-san works hard enough, he can be an upstanding
citizen once again. Same with Ei-chan. And… I can’t stop thinking about how the young master
never got that chance…”
The mention of Masato Arakawa, who was murdered a little over five years ago, brought a
sympathetic look into Saeko’s eyes. “Icchan…”
“He had that door shut on him. If he hadn’t been…” The subject matter was becoming difficult to
talk about, and he trailed off. “I just don’t want the same thing to happen to anyone else. Anyone
can claw their way back up from rock bottom. All you need… is one person who believes in you.
And he’s got me believing in him. If Ebina-san doesn’t want me as his family, that’s fine. I’ve got a
family. But I can at least be a friend to a man who has none.”
“Hmph. That’s very… mature of you. I think.”
“Well, I gotta grow up some time, don’t I?”
The conversation moved on to more mundane subjects—business at the club, what they wanted to
do about lunch, something disgusting that Nanba did the other day—and eventually the monorail
arrived at Morning Glory Station, a convenient ten-minute walk from their final destination. When
the building they’d traveled all this way to see finally came into view, Kasuga smiled as he noticed
a group of children playing in the front yard. “Looks like everyone’s home,” he said.
“Alright, come on Haruto-kun,” an adult with dark skin said as he crouched down, wearing a
baseball glove. “Toss that ball as hard as you can.”
“Okay!” the child across from him exclaimed. “Here it comes! One… two… ah!” he cried out as he
accidentally let go too early, causing the ball to fly into the air. “Oh no…”
“Whoa!” Kasuga exclaimed as he caught the ball in midair. “Careful there, Haruto-kun. Don’t
wanna lose this.”
Haruto Sawamura’s eyes widened, and he looked up at the wild-haired man smiling down at him.
“Ah! Uncle Ichi! Aunt Sae! Everyone! Uncle Ichi’s here!”
The children all quickly coalesced around Kasuga and Saeko, whom they had gotten to know from
prior visits.
“Hey, everyone! Hope you all had a happy Christmas!” Looking up at the man, Kasuga bowed
slightly. “Yo, Mitsuo. Is everyone home today?”
Mitsuo smiled back at him and nodded. “Yeah! Let me go get them!”

Mitsuo went inside. As he did so, an elderly Shiba Inu slowly approached Kasuga, its tail wagging,
and whined for attention. Kasuga bent over to pet the pooch vigorously. “Yo, Mame-chan!” he
cooed softly. “How are you doing, buddy? You’re looking pretty good, for… What are you, like,
twenty?”
“Only eighteen… I think,” a soft voice chuckled from nearby. Kasuga looked up from the dog as
the orphanage’s matriarch, Haruka Sawamura, approached with a smile on her face. “Kasuga…
This is a surprise.”
“I thought I’d drop by, see how everyone’s doing,” Kasuga chuckled. “I just got back from Hawaii.
Oh! That reminds me!” As he struggled to take his heavily-loaded backpack off, Saeko approached
Haruka.
“Merry Christmas, Haruka,” she greeted.
“Sa-chan… Merry Christmas,” Haruka responded, bowing politely.
“Bam!” Kasuga exclaimed suddenly as he pulled several small, individually wrapped boxes from
his bag and began passing them out one by one to each of the children. “Mele Kalikimaka!”
Haruka’s eyes widened. “Kasuga? You brought gifts? And, uh… Mele-what now?”
“Mele Kalikimaka! It’s how they say ‘Merry Christmas’ in Hawaii!” Chuckling as he handed
Haruto a box, he added “And these are just some small souvenirs I brought over. Nothing fancy,
just a bunch of little small things. There should be one for everyone.”
“Hehe… I’m sure they all appreciate it. What do you say to Kasuga, Haruto?”
Haruto looked up at Kasuga and smiled gratefully. “Thank you, Uncle Ichi! You really are number
one!”
“Ah, shucks…” Glancing up at Haruka, Kasuga asked. “Is, uh… Kiryu-san home? Or is he back in
for treatment?”
Haruka nodded. “Yes, he’s just inside. Please, come in.”
“Well, if you insist…”
Haruka led Kasuga and Saeko into the house, which had been recently renovated with a large
expansion for more bedrooms and a new dining area, and showed them to the TV room, where
Kazuma Kiryu sat with Taichi and a few others, watching a baseball game. Evidently, Kasuga was
not the first to think of stopping by.
“What the hell was that call?!” Goro Majima exclaimed. “A strike out?! That goddamn pitcher’s all
over the place! He shoulda walked!”
“Language, Majima-san,” Haruka scolded.
Scoffing, Majima shook his head as Haruto ran over to sit between him and Kiryu. “Yer kids can
handle a bit of naughty language. Yo. Haruto. Don’t repeat nothin’ I say, got it?”
“Oh, I know that, Uncle Maj,” Haruto laughed.

“‘Uncle Maj’?” Taiga Saejima chuckled. “Yer goin’ soft, bro.”
“Ah, shut up…”
“I think it’s cute,” Daigo Dojima laughed.
“You too, man! I mean it, I’ll cut you up!” This earned laughter from Haruto, and Majima rolled his
eye. “It’s like I said, kid, don’t repeat anything you hear come outta my mouth. This is grown-up
talk.”
Looking up at Haruka as she and their guests entered, Kiryu smiled. “Kasuga. Saeko. Welcome.”
He started to stand, visibly straining to do so.
“Ah! Let me help you up, Kiryu-san,” Kasuga insisted, though Kiryu quickly stood up on his own.
“Huh?”
“I’m not so frail I can’t stand on my own two feet,” Kiryu chuckled.
“You were the last time I came to visit,” Kasuga pointed out. “Hey… have you put on weight?”
“So you noticed,” Kiryu confirmed. “Actually, I… stopped going to my treatments.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “W-what?! Kiryu-san, have you lost your mind?! What about—?!” Haruka
placed a hand on his shoulder, placating him. “Haruka-chan?”
“This is something we will discuss a bit later,” she said, though a look in her eye told Kasuga that
there was nothing to be worried about.
“Alright… Oh! I got a gift for you, too.”
“Hm?” Kiryu looked curiously at the small box in Kasuga’s hand. Opening it, he found a brand
new Pocket Circuit car, fully customizable and ready to race. He gasped in surprise. “Ah… This is
the newest model… But it’s not even out yet. How did you…?”
Kasuga scratched the back of his neck. “Hehe… Actually, the latest series was used at an exhibition
race in Honolulu. I was able to get my hands on some stuff that hasn’t hit shelves yet. Haruka-chan
told me that you’ve been hitting the track again, now that you’re all old and retired and stuff.”
“I’m not that old…” Kiryu sighed, shaking his head.
“Where’s mine?” Majima asked bluntly.
Kasuga turned to Majima. “Huh? Oh, uh… S-sorry, Majima-san, I… didn’t know you’d be here.
Same goes for you two. Sorry… If I had known, I…”
“Don’t worry about it,” Daigo cut him off, shooting Majima an annoyed glare. “Majima here just
has no manners, that’s all.”
“So… What’s new with the old Tojo gang?” Kasuga asked.
“Nothin’, now that we're all old and retired and stuff,” Saejima chuckled. “Majima keeps talkin’
about settin’ sail again, but we’ve been keepin’ him in line.”

“Setting sail?” Haruka asked. “Like… on a fishing trip?”
“Hunting for treasure!” Majima exclaimed. “I miss sailing the seven seas…”
“Oh! Are you talking about when you went on a pirate adventure?” Haruto asked excitedly. “That
sounded awesome!”
“Have you been telling stories again Majima-san?” Haruka asked with an exasperated sigh. “You
shouldn’t make things up. It sets a bad example.”
“First of all: I’m not an example to nobody!” Majima insisted. “And second of all, they ain’t
stories! I had a ship and everything, and that was the best weekend of my life!”
Suddenly, Haruto stood up, and ran off somewhere. He returned a moment later wearing a pirate
hat that was far too big for his head. “Hehe! I still have your hat, Uncle Maj!”
“What…? Where did you get that?” Haruka asked. “From Majima-san? Why did he have…?”
Majima smirked. “I told ya. They ain’t stories.”
Haruka sighed and shook her head. “Anyway… Kasuga-san… Saeko… Would you two like to stay
for dinner?”
Kasuga seemed surprised. “Huh? Uh, are you sure? I-I don’t wanna impose or anything, I mean,
you’ve got a lot of mouths to feed… I-I don’t want to make you do any extra work.”
“It’s no extra work,” Haruka chuckled. “Actually, we always set a place for you.”
“Y-you do?”
“Family always has a place at our table,” Kiryu chimed in. “So that we’re always ready when they
stop by.”
“F-family?” That word brought a tear to Kasuga’s eye. “Kiryu-san… Haruka-chan… You guys
consider me… family?”
Kiryu smiled at his friend. “Of course, Kasu—… Hm. Ichiban. After everything we’ve been
through, you’re almost like… a younger brother to me.” For just a moment, he felt another
presence behind Kasuga. The carp that never made it up that waterfall was always around,
watching over Kiryu. “The sort of bond that you and I have… It’s one I never thought I’d have
again. And after what you did for Haruka two years ago… Well, it just wouldn’t be right to have a
Christmas without you. If you can swing it… We’d like to have you here every year. Bring your
friends next time too, if you like.”
At this, Kasuga could not hold back the tears. He let them flow freely, and gripped Kiryu into a
tight hug, causing Kiryu to let out a surprised gasp. “Ah! Not so tight, Kasuga!”
“Thank you, Kiryu-san!” Kasuga cried, his tone grateful. “Thank you for letting me be a part of
your family… I-I’m so honored!”
Saeko chuckled and stepped next to Haruka. “Well, clearly the boys have a lot of catching up to do.
We should leave them to it.”

Haruka nodded. “Yes. Come, I’m still preparing dinner.” Together, they walked into the kitchen to
do some catching up of their own. “So, Sa-chan… How are things in Yokohama?”
Saeko shrugged. “Can’t complain. Things are great at the club, Ichiban got a new job… We even
get Seonhee to come out of her hidey hole once in a while for drinks. She says hi. Nanba, too. You
should come up sometime, it’ll be fun. Or we could come down here.”
“And you and Kasuga are…?”
“Oh, we’re trying. Things are going… okay. He’s still a complete child, but… that can be as
endearing as it is frustrating.”
“I see.” Haruka smiled and nodded. “I’m happy for you, Sa-chan. He’s a great guy.”
“Hey, that’s quitter talk,” Kasuga chuckled as he and Kiryu walked into the kitchen.
“Ah, yes… Who’s winning, again?” Kiryu asked.
Saeko seemed confused. “…Winning? What do you mean?”
“Who’s winning the prize, I mean,” Kiryu clarified. “Ichiban and Haruka both have mentioned it to
me before. I believe the prize is… your hand?”
“Kiryu-san-!”
“Uncle Kaz, don’t-!”
Saeko slowly turned to stare at Haruka, and then at Kasuga. “…So this a contest, is it?” she asked
in an exasperated tone. “You both are children.” She shook her head and walked out with a groan.
“Sa-chan!” Haruka and Kasuga both called out as she moved to the other room.
“Ah, shit… I think she’s annoyed with us…” Kasuga sighed.
“Hm… It sounds like nobody’s winning right now.” Kiryu said flatly, though he was smirking, if
only slightly.
“You did that on purpose, Uncle Kaz…” Haruka muttered.
Just around the corner, Saeko hid, also smirking. “Heh… As endearing as it is frustrating…”
“So, Kiryu-san… Be straight with me,” Kasuga said, changing the subject. “You’ve stopped your
treatments? Why? What about Haruka-chan and the others? Weren’t you doing this for them?”
Kiryu looked at Haruka, who nodded. “Well… It is true, I stopped my treatments. It wasn’t a
decision I made lightly. One day, I was feeling especially frustrated and I asked… ‘what’s the
point’? After all, the treatments were making me weaker every day, and in many respects I felt
sicker than I ever did when I was forgoing treatment. If I was going to die anyway, I wanted to die
with dignity, not as a skeletal shadow of my former self, too weak to walk and too sick to even eat.
And my doctor… he agreed. He said there was no point.”
“You mean… It wasn’t helping?” Kasuga asked.

“Oh no, it was helping. It helped a lot. The thing is… My cancer… It’s in remission.”
Kasuga’s worried look turned into one of shock. “What?”
“I’m not completely out of the woods, so don’t get excited,” Kiryu added, attempting to downplay
the remarkable development. “I still have to go in for frequent tests over the next five years, so I’ll
still be in and out of the hospital. And if the cancer recurs during that time, which is not at all
unlikely, then I’ll still be a dead man walking, maybe even more so than before. Until then, I’m still
living on borrowed time… But I’m making the most of that time.”
Kasuga felt like he could cry again. “W… Well good! Great, even! It’s like some kinda Christmas
miracle!”
“Hm? Did you even hear me? This time next year, I might be dead.”
“Yeah, but… This time last year, you thought you’d be dead in six months,” Kasuga pointed out. “I
remember, in Hawaii. You told me that you had six months, tops. That was a year ago. You went
from having six months to live to a year to ‘let’s see what happens’, and now the doctors are
planning to see you for the next five years. That’s incredible, Kiryu-san. Before you know it, five
years is gonna become ten.”
Haruka nodded. “I agree with Kasuga. It’s okay to be optimistic. Excited, even. I’m excited. You’re
going to be around for a long time, Uncle Kaz.”
Kiryu scoffed and looked away. “Hmph. You’re setting yourselves up for disappointment.”
Kasuga sighed. “Gah… You’re really negative sometimes, you know that, Kiryu-san?”
“I’m just trying to make sure I live every day to its fullest.”
“Huh?”
“If I get too excited now… I’ll start to take life for granted again. When the Daidoji cut me loose, I
realized I had to make the most of the time I had left. So maybe I have a little more time than I
thought. It doesn’t change the fact that I will die, one day. It’s the natural order of things. And I
don’t want to die with any regrets. So I’m going to keep living every day like it’s my last. Because
who knows… It just might be.”
Kasuga smirked and crossed his arms. “Heh… I was never one for all that philosophical crap. I just
live each day to the fullest… just because I can!”
Chuckling, Kiryu shook his head. “Whatever you say, Mr. Rock Bottom. Come on. Do you like
baseball? The game’s still got a ways to go.”
“Right on!” Kasuga affirmed with a fist pump.
And so, the very large family of Haruka Sawamura enjoyed their day as if it were potentially their
last. They laughed, they played, they joked, the adults drank just a bit—even Kiryu, who had been
forbidden alcohol during his treatments—-and they even sat in silence, enjoying each other’s
company. At one point, friends Haruka made in Yokohama and Tokyo called to wish her and her
loved ones a merry Christmas. Date, Kaito and Yagami, Nanba, and even Seonhee had spoken to
her before the night was over, and she cherished each and every conversation.

The amount of people in the room that Haruka Sawamura was related to by blood could be counted
on one digit. But she knew since she was just nine years old that blood meant nothing. Family
wasn’t about blood. It was about who was there for you when you needed them. And everyone in
the room, whether they raised her, were raised with her, or were raised by her, no matter how young
or how old, no matter how recently they had met, and no matter what circumstances brought them
into her life to begin with… Every man, woman, and child, every barmaid and hero and ex-yakuza
and (alleged) pirate in the room… They were all her family.
They capped off the night with a hearty Christmas dinner. Foods of all kinds were placed all over
the table, from pizza, to sushi, to pies and cakes, and even to Peking Duck, and by the end of the
night, nearly all of it had been devoured. As he sat before his empty plate, Kasuga smiled at the
people around him. “You know something, guys… This is all I ever wanted in life.”
“What is?” Kiryu asked as he picked up Haruto and sat him on his lap. “You mean the Peking
Duck? I heard you have recurring problems getting your hands on the stuff.”
Laughing, Kasuga shook his head and clarified, “No, I mean… Just a big, happy family, sitting
around, eating a meal together. If my life was just this… I’d be pretty happy with that. Oh! We
should get a picture, and celebrate the occasion!” Pulling out his phone, he directed everyone to get
as close to each other as possible so they would all fit in frame, a monumental task, but what was a
task if there was no challenge to overcome. Finally, he managed it. Every last person in the room
was in frame, ready to have their picture taken.
“Ready?” Kasuga asked. “And… smile!”

Chapter 57: Pink Argus and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very
Bad Day
Yagami and Akiyama started down Sotenbori Street. “So… Where did you see this Daidoji Agent
last?” Akiyama asked as they strolled through town.
“He’s been around town. Strangely, though, I lost track of him around the time that the Christmas
festivities started, and all of those guys in costumes hit the streets.”
~Shin Yagami Tensei~
“That reminds me… There sure are a lot of weirdos in Sotenbori.” Yagami muttered. “Has it
always been this bad?”
Akiyama shook his head. “No. This is a fairly recent development.”
“Thugs, drug pushers, drunkards… I’m used to all of that,” Yagami chuckled. “But some of these
guys are weirder than others, like they’re all trying to one-up each other. The other day, I fought a
guy disguising himself as a bag of trash.
Akiyama hummed. “Hmm. You know, recently, I came across footage of this new RPG game that’s
really taken off with the kids. Shin something something… I don’t remember. Apparently, it’s
popular with adults, too.”
“Huh? What does that have to do with anything?”
“Well, I also read that since the pandemic, more and more people have leaned on personal fantasies
in order to cope with the stressful times. I wonder if the popularity of these video games is a
contributing factor.”
“What, like, people are pretending to be video game heroes so they don’t have to think about how
bad their lives suck?” Yagami asked.
“Something like that.”
“Sheesh… That’s depressing. You have to be a special kind of deluded to buy into something like
that…” Yagami chuckled.
Suddenly, the pair heard a woman cry out from nearby. “Hey! Get off of—! Get back there with
that!”
~Side Case 11: Pink Argus and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day~
Yagami turned to the source of the noise, and was immediately knocked over by a man in a mask
and a black coat, who sprinted past the pair and through the crowd. “What the hell?!” he groaned.
Akiyama reacted quickly, pulling him up.
“Are you alright?” he asked.
“Yeah, but… What was that guy in such a hurry for?”

“Damn it!” the woman they heard groaned as she watched the man run off. She appeared to be in
her late twenties and had chin-length brown hair which curled to a point at the end. She also wore a
pink jumpsuit that only zipped halfway up to her chest, exposing quite a bit of cleavage; it appeared
to be some sort of cosplay. “Hey, did you see where that guy went?”
“He went down that way,” Yagami said, pointing south across the Iwao Bridge. “I take it he took
something of yours.”
The woman nodded. “Yeah… My bag with all of my stuff in it, including my clothes. I need to get
out of this costume! It’s too… revealing.”
“Ah… I was wondering what the deal was with the getup.” Yagami’s eyes briefly wandered to her
chest, impressed by her size.
“Ahem,” the woman cleared her throat, annoyed. “My eyes are up here.”
“S-sorry… Uh, I take it you’re some kind of street performer?”
“Huh? Uh, yeah, I guess,” the woman answered. “The name’s Takeba. I’m an actress. I was doing a
meet and greet for an upcoming project that required me to be in costume. But I need to be in
Yokohama tomorrow, so I took all of my stuff with me in my bag to the event. I was just gonna get
changed on the train. Looks like Haruka-san had the right idea after all, leaving her stuff at the
production office…”
Yagami raised an eyebrow, and Akiyama’s eyes widened. “Did you say Haruka?” Akiyama asked.
“Haruka Sawamura?”
Takeba gave him a weird look. “What? The yakuza? Are you stupid?” she asked abrasively.
“Obviously not. Haruka Sawamura’s on the run, and she’s in Tokyo, not Osaka.”
“Black hair, bangs, tied back in a ponytail?”
Takeba’s look faded, and her eyes slowly widened. Her skin went pale. “Y-yeah?”
“That’s our Haruka,” Akiyama confirmed before putting a finger to his chin. “But what is she doing
back in Sotenbori…?”
“Wait… I was working with a murderer?!” she asked in shock, before shaking that shock away. “It
doesn’t matter, I’m leaving town tonight anyway. I need to go find that jerk that took my bag.”
“Wait!” Yagami exclaimed, stopping her. “We really, really need to know where Haruka-chan is.”
“Are you guys cops or something?”
“Something like that,” Yagami said vaguely. “I’m a detective from Tokyo. The name’s Yagami.”
“…Like, Takayuki Yagami, her alleged accomplice?”
Yagami frowned. “D-different Yagami.”
“You’re a terrible liar, you know,” Akiyama muttered.
“Shut up…”

Takeba sighed. “Great. Just my luck... Well, I don’t really have time to stick around, so lucky for
you, I’m just going to forget I saw you and be on my way. Goodbye.”
“What if we helped you find the guy who took your bag?” Yagami asked. “Please, miss. We really,
really need to find Haruka-chan. Lives depend on it.”
“Look, I’m good, okay? I’ll just… huh?”
Yagami stepped closer, a pleading look on his face. “Takeba-san… look into my eyes. Do I look
like a killer to you? Hell, think back to when you met Haruka-chan. Did she look like a killer to
you?”
“Tch… no…” Takeba admitted with a sigh. “But looks can be deceiving. I mean… she was in
costume nearly the whole time.”
“Please, we’ll prove to you that we’re the good guys. Let us help you get your bag back. Like I
said, I’m a detective. This is kind of my job.”
Takeba stared at him a moment more before closing her eyes and letting out a resigned sigh. “What
is wrong with me…? Fine. Help me get the bag back, and I’ll tell you what I know.”
Yagami smiled at her. “I’m on it. Come on, Akiyama-san. He went this way.” The duo started on
their way south in search of the bag thief, only making it a few feet before realizing that Takeba
was following them. “Uh… Did you need something else?” Yagami asked.
“My bag.”
“We’re getting it for you.”
“Yes, and I appreciate it.”
Yagami gave Akiyama a look. The loan shark shrugged, and Yagami turned back to Takeba. “Uh…
Really, we’ve got this.”
“Okay? I’m still coming along.”
“Miss, this guy might be dangerous,” Akiyama chuckled a bit condescendingly. “You should really
leave this to us.”
“I promise you, I’m way more dangerous,” Takeba responded, unamused. “Or do you think that
because I’m a woman, I can’t fight?”
“W-whoa! We didn’t say that!” Yagami exclaimed. “I-I mean, I didn’t say that. It’s just that…”
“Just lead the way,” Takeba said abrasively. “You said you can find the guy, right? So find him.
There’s something really important to me in that bag. I’m not leaving it up to chance.”
Yagami sighed. Sheesh… Who died and made her queen? Well, it seems she’s coming along,
whether I like it or not. Better keep a close eye on her. Wouldn’t want her getting hurt on my watch.
The trio continued south. On their way—and knowing where they were and how his investigations
tended to go, Yagami should have expected this—they ran into a group of thugs who seemed
itching for a fight. “This ain’t a show, dipshit!”

YAKUZA
Yagami, always ready to defend himself, spun in place and took up his Crane stance, while
Akiyama took a position at his side. “Stand back, Takeba-chan!” Yagami ordered.
Sighing, Takeba took a step back from the fight and crossed her arms. “Whatever.”
Even individually, this would have been an easy fight for either Yagami or Akiyama; together, it
was mostly a cakewalk, with one exception. Towards the end of the fight, one of the thugs pulled
out a knife and stabbed Yagami in the stomach, mortally wounding him. Damn it, he thought as he
briefly fell to the ground and struggled to stand, clutching the wound. Should’ve seen that coming.
Akiyama kicked the knife-toting thug in the face, knocking him out and ending the fight. He
quickly turned to Yagami, a concerned look on his face. “Are you okay?”
“Agh, shit…” Yagami groaned. He wasn’t bleeding too badly—he’d had worse wounds before—
but… “I’ll be fine… But I won’t be able to fight at my full strength until I can see a doctor…”
“I know a good one nearby,” Akiyama assured him. “I’m sorry, miss, but— huh?” He turned to
Takeba, who was already walking towards Yagami. Holding her hand out, she helped him to his
feet.
“You’ll be fine,” she muttered as she pulled him up. “It’s probably just a scratch.”
Yagami shook his head. “No, he definitely… huh?” He felt a rush of energy surge through him, and
for a moment he swore he felt another presence behind Takeba—but there was nobody there. The
pain subsided, and a quick inspection showed that he wasn’t bleeding at all; in fact, aside from a
tear in his shirt, there was little evidence that somebody had attacked him with a knife. There were
no scratches on his body at all. “Huh… I… guess it wasn’t as bad as I thought,” he muttered,
slightly embarrassed at how he had reacted. Wait, but… I was definitely bleeding… He shook the
thought off. What was important is that he was fine. “Come on. I think the bag thief went this way.”
The group made their way into Ashitaba Park, where a man in all black was crouching over a bag,
rifling through its contents. “It has to be in here…” he muttered frantically. Pulling a small device
from the bag, he examined it. “Huh…? What’s this piece of junk?” It appeared to be a cylindrical
piece of technology from a bygone era; an MP3 player, capable of storing a whopping two
gigabytes of music onto its flash storage. The device was in good condition still, its titanium case
was neatly polished, the blue-tinted LCD screen showed no cracks or other signs of wear, and it
hung delicately from a well cared-for lanyard and had a stylish set of wired earpieces plugged into
its audio jack. “This thing’s ancient. Totally worthless.” He chucked the MP3 player over his
shoulder, causing Takeba to gasp.
“No!” She cried out as she rolled with surprising skill towards the device and caught it with an
open hand. “Phew…”
The sudden movement caused the thief to perk up, suddenly aware that he was being watched.
“Huh…?” He slowly stood up and turned around, staring at the group that had followed him. He
wore a black ski mask that hid most of his face, but Yagami could at least tell he was wearing
glasses.
“You have something that belongs to my friend, here,” he threatened. “Give it back.”
“You..!” the thief gasped out in anger. “What are you doing here?!”

“Huh? Do we know each other?”
“You are the one who ruined my plans last time! Well, not this time! I will defeat you once and for
all, Takayuki Yagami!”
BAG THIEF
Though Yagami did not yet know who this man was, it was clearly an enemy he had made in the
past. The list of possible enemies was quite large, but at the end of the day, who it was really didn’t
make much of a difference. The Filthy Four, the Kenin Gang, Tashiro, that asshole with the cane—
no matter who it was facing him, he’d kick their asses all the same, and this scenario was no
different. The thief made the first move, beginning with a rush combo consisting of two left jabs
followed by a right shin kick, all of which Yagami dodged easily. Yagami tried to hit him with his
own attack, though the thief quickstepped away from this attack and countered with a right
uppercut, which smacked Yagami square in the jaw, briefly stunning him. He seized on this
opportunity and used his rush combo again, making contact with all three hits this time, then ran at
Yagami and jumped at him with a flying knee attack, which knocked the detective down.
Yagami quickly stood back up as Akiyama entered the fray. The detective noticed that he was
fighting with a slightly different stance than he did back at Sky Finance—it seemed he had at least
two stances, like Yagami himself. This second fighting style was slightly more heavily focused on
kicks. His rush combo consisted of a left side kick, a high right side kick, a right axe kick, a left
push kick, and a large number of very fast slash kicks—Yagami counted 19!—all of which made
contact with the bag thief, and all of which looked like they hurt.
Yagami followed this up with a hard right haymaker, which sent the thief towards Takeba… and
caused him to land face first in her cleavage, causing Yagami’s eyes to widen in shock. Oh, shit!
Clearly embarrassed by such an intrusive landing, Takeba growled, grabbed the thief by his head,
and headbutted him, loosening a few of his teeth and causing a copious amount of blood to fly from
his mouth. She then gripped his head again, stepped toward him, and sharply thrusted her knee into
his face, sending him to the floor.
As he stood up, Yagami taunted him, causing him to become enraged and run at him; Yagami
dodged the attack and countered with another right haymaker to the face, sending the thief falling
face first into the bag and ending the fight.
Yagami and Akiyama relaxed as their opponent was seemingly defeated. “Next time, just hand the
bag over,” Yagami chuckled. He glanced over at Takeba, who was simply examining the MP3
player in her hand. “Is that the special thing you were after?” he asked.
“Yeah…” Takeba muttered. “It… belonged to a friend from high school. I don’t know what I’d
have done if I lost this.” She stood up and bowed slightly. “Thank you, Yagami-san. You too,
Akiyama-san.”
“Of course,” Akiyama nodded. “Let me get your… bag?” he looked over at the thief, whose face
was still firmly in the bag. He was… laughing?
“Haha…” the thief laughed. “I’ve found it… Hahaha! I’ve finally found it!”
“Found what?!” Yagami asked, growing concerned.

The man stood up. He didn’t seem to have anything in his hands. Slowly, he turned around… and
sitting on his face, for all the world to see, was a pair of frilly pink ladies’ underwear. “The panties
of Pink Argus herself! I can only imagine the horrible things these delicates have seen.”
Takeba’s face turned bright red. “A-ah! Those are my…!”
“Wait…” Yagami said, his blood running cold. “There’s only one person that I know who gets that
excited about panties…”
“So you’ve deciphered my true identity…” the man chuckled. He dramatically gripped his jacket
and threw it off along with his mask, revealing his true appearance. Yagami knew this man. The
short black hair, glasses, pencil mustache and lab coat were a dead giveaway. “I am a pervert,” he
said with gravitas. “The true self.”
“Professor Panty…” Yagami growled with contempt. “I knew it.”
“Y-you know this creep?!” Takeba demanded.
“He’s one of the Filthy Four,” Yagami explained, “a gang of perverts hellbent on creating a society
where they can act on their perverted desires on a whim.” Glaring at Professor Panty, he added
“But you’re supposed to be in prison!”
Professor Panty smirked. “Remember that prison break in Tokyo? The yakuza boss-killer, Haruka
Sawamura, did a real number on the prison… We made our exit in the chaos.”
“‘We’? You mean the rest of you are free, too?!”
“Precisely! Myself, Ass Catchem, Judge Peep ‘n’ Creep, and our leader, Giant Impact… We’re all
loose.”
Takeba, having begun to calm down, let out an exasperated sigh. “Do you all need to have such
dumb names…?”
“Silence, wench!” Panty spat. “And don’t think you can get these precious panties back from me!”
“I don’t really want them back at this point!” Takeba argued. “Not when you’ve had your nose up
in them… Ugh.”
“We’re spreading our perversions all across the country! Citizens in Kamurocho, Yokohama,
Okinawa, and here in Sotenbori… All of them will embrace their inner perverts!” Turning back to
Yagami, he added “You know, Yagami… You could join us, if you wanted.”
Yagami narrowed his eyes. “What?”
“We keep an eye on ALL of Japan’s perverts… Don’t think we haven’t noticed your penchant for
perversion.”
“What are you talking about?”
With a laugh, he explained himself. “You really like to skirt the law with your dates, don’t you,
Yagami-san? How old was your youngest conquest again? 19? I’ll bet that’s half your age.”
“Ah! That’s…”

“You act like you’re different from us, but really, we’re the same! You prey on younger women,
often clients of yours,” he accused. “And why? Because it makes you feel powerful. You and me…
We’re the same. No matter how much you try to deny it, deep down, you’re just as sick and twisted
as the rest of us, Takayuki Yagami!”
“That’s not…”
Takeba shook her head. “Come on, this guy’s obviously just trying to get into your head. Don’t buy
into it! …Even if you are a creep, there’s no way you’re as creepy as this guy.”
Professor Panty laughed. “So she doesn’t even try to deny that you’re sick in the head. We even
have a name for you all good to go. ‘The Detective of Jailbait’. How’s that sound… partner?”
“Enough!” Yagami shot back. “You and I are nothing alike. You and the rest of the Filthy Four are
menaces to society. No matter what you say, I know one thing for certain; you’re not me.”
At first, Professor Panty seemed angered by this insolence. Slowly, however, he began to grin. And
then came the laughter. “Ha! Hahaha! HAHAHAHA!” He was so energized by this denial that one
could swear he was radiating a powerful aura.
“Shit, this isn’t good,” Yagami growled as he took up a battle stance once more. “He’s fueled by
outrage… He’s become even stronger now!”
“No way…!” Takeba grunted. She could feel how powerful he was becoming. Could sheer
satisfaction alone really make somebody so strong?
“We’ll just have to beat this guy a second time,” Akiyama said.
Professor Panty also took a battle stance and narrowed his eyes at the three opposing him. “I bet
you’re going to try and sleep with the slut you took this case from, too. You’re sick, Yagami. And
deep down… you know it. It’s time you admit it to the world! En garde!”

Chapter 58: It's Going Down Now
PROFESSOR PANTY
Of the Filthy Four
Yagami and Akiyama faced off against Professor Panty, who had been made stronger by the panties
he’d recently gotten ahold of and the outrage his accusations of perversion in Yagami’s direction
had generated. Takeba stepped forward as well, seemingly ready for a fight, causing Yagami to
raise an eyebrow. “Huh? No. This guy’s dangerous,” he warned. “You need to get out of here,
Takeba-chan.”
Drawing a bow that had before this point been strapped to her back, Takeba scoffed. “Screw that.
This guy deserves a beating and I want to be the one to deliver it… or at least a piece of it. Don’t
worry. I can handle myself in a fight.” She made the first move, rolling backwards and drawing an
arrow back. Letting go of the string, she sent the arrow flying straight into Panty’s chest, causing
him to recoil from the damage. She then quickly drew another arrow, and sent that one flying. Then
she notched three more and set them loose directly upwards, into the sky. They came down
perfectly onto Professor Panty, damaging him further.
“Whoa,” Yagami said, impressed. “You weren’t kidding.”
“You guys take him head-on,” Takeba ordered. “I’ll focus on damaging him at range.”
Realizing there was no sense in arguing, Yagami nodded. “Right.” While Takeba stood back,
shooting arrows at the pervert whenever she saw an opening, Yagami and Akiyama attacked him
directly. Akiyama started with a mid roundhouse kick, a high roundhouse kick, and a rear full
hopping roundhouse kick, followed by a side kick into Yagami, who moved quickly and kept the
momentum going with a double kick, followed by several outward palm thrusts, a rear downward
back fist hook into a lead reverse back fist, a lead forward back fist into a rear bear claw body blow,
and a lead body blow into a lead overhand backfist, finishing with a triple hit composed of a rear
elbow uppercut, a lead uppercut, and a dashing dual punch, leaving Panty dazed. Not one to waste
an opportunity, Yagami switched into his Crane stance and continued with a rear low roundhouse
kick, a side kick, a turning rear back kick, and a hopping rear crescent kick, followed by a finisher
consisting of a rear full roundhouse kick and a lead spinning vertical heel kick, which launched
Panty into the air. Yagami switched back into his Tiger stance and ran through the rush combo one
more, keeping him in the air for several more consecutive hits, then switched back into Crane and
rear wheel kicked him, which sent him flying across the park, towards Takeba.
As Yagami mercilessly savaged the pervert, Takeba continued her ranged assault, which dealt
additional damage, and when the wheel kick came, she was ready; lowering her bow, she
roundhouse kicked the flying pervert away from her, and he landed at Akiyama’s feet. “So you can
kick ass in addition to the mad archery skills,” Yagami complemented with a chuckle. “I’m
impressed.”
“It came in handy out in Inaba, that’s for sure,” Takeba muttered as she drew her bow once more to
continue providing support.

Standing up, Professor Panty decided to target Akiyama since he was now the closest one to him.
He attacked with a rear low roundhouse kick, a spinning lead back kick, and a rear side kick.
Akiyama retaliated with a series of kicks, some of which hit Panty, but Panty was able to dodge the
latter few by quickly stepping away. He then ran at the money lender and hit him with two jabs and
a rear overhead punch, then hit him with a jumping knee attack.
Akiyama roundhouse kicked Panty towards Takeba, who shoved an open palm into his face,
sending him backwards into Yagami. Yagami and Takeba then both delivered synchronized right
high kicks; their ankles simultaneously collided with his neck, crushing his windpipe and choking
him, causing him to briefly collapse. Once he regained his senses, Panty stood back up and charged
a deadly attack, a glowing red heat aura seeming to emanate from him. He ran at Yagami and
attacked with a flying knee, which Yagami guarded against and countered with his mortal reversal,
a rushing right elbow strike that knocked him down. Yagami then cartwheel-kicked into the air and
landed with a stomp, smashing his face with his foot.
“Let’s hit him while he’s down and make sure he stays down!” Takeba suggested.
“Not a bad idea,” Yagami laughed as he, Takeba, and Akiyama stood in a line.
“This should end it,” Takeba said cockily as the three made their move, rushing in and kicking the
ever-loving crap out of Professor Panty. Takeba herself made the final move, and with a shout “You’re finished!” - she jumped into the air and hit him with one last arrow, putting him out of the
fight at last. Standing up and tucking her hair behind her ear, she chuckled. “There you have it.”
With the battle won, Yagami let out a sigh of relief. “You know, you’re not entirely wrong about
me,” he admitted as he crouched down at Panty’s level; the professor of perversion lay defeated by
Takeba’s bag, which was still open. “I have dated clients before. And yeah, maybe some of them
have been a bit younger than me. But they’ve all been adults nonetheless, and I’ve never gone after
anyone who hasn’t expressed interest in me first. Still… Maybe I need to be more conscious about
my age and theirs when it comes to that sort of thing. And even though none of it ever played into
the cases I took for them, that some of them were former clients introduces a power dynamic that I
think I’ve never really thought about before. As much as I hate to admit it… Maybe, in some
ways… I am you, and you are me.
“Even so,” Yagami continued as he stood up straight, “all I can do is strive to do better in the
future. That’s a promise I’m making right here. Maybe you should consider making the same
promise.”
Professor Panty glared up at Yagami. “Grr…” he growled as he glanced into the bag. His eyebrow
raised at a glint of light, coming off of a peculiar metal object. Engraved on the side of the object
were four letters; “S.E.E.S”. More important, however, was its shape. His eyes widened, and he
started to laugh. “Haha… I shall make no such promise! Your end comes now, Yagami!” He
reached into the bag and pulled the object out, pointing it at Yagami—it was a gun!
Akiyama’s eyes widened. “Yagami!” He yelled out as Professor Panty pulled the trigger.
Click.
…
Nothing happened, and the entire group breathed a sigh of relief.

“Huh?!” Panty gasped. “It’s… not even loaded?!”
“It’s not real, Professor Moron,” Takeba growled as she snatched the gun out of Panty’s hand.
“Must be a prop,” Yagami chuckled, amused and a bit relieved. “You said you were an actress,
right? Must be working on some kind of crime drama… Although, that engraving is a bit strange.
‘S.E.E.S.?’ Is that some sort of fictitious agency?”
“They… manufactured the prop. They don’t exist anymore, though, so don’t bother looking them
up. It’s an older prop that I keep around, just in case.” She kicked Professor Panty while he was
down and grabbed her bag. “Thank you, Yagami-san. I don’t know what I’d have done if I lost this
bag. The thing is… That friend that this MP3 player belonged to? He… He passed away, a long
time ago. It’ll be thirteen years this March, and… I’ve kept it in good condition all this time
because… It’s all that I have left of him.”
Yagami frowned, a sympathetic look entering his eyes. “I’m sorry. He must have meant a lot to
you.”
“Yeah… He did mean a lot. To all of us.” Suddenly realizing something, she gasped. “A-ah! The
rest of my group! Oh, man, this took so long, the last train’s probably left already! I was supposed
to meet everyone in Yokohama tomorrow morning…!”
“Heh, guess that means we’re stuck in Osaka another night, Yuka-tan!” a male voice suddenly said
from nearby. Turning to the source of the noise, Yagami, Akiyama, and Takeba saw two others
approaching. The first, a man in a black shirt with a blue jacket and a blue baseball cap over
medium-length black hair, had a grin on his face as he approached. The other, a pale woman with
blonde hair and piercing blue eyes, wearing a black suit with a red tie, was a bit more solemnlooking, but still had a light smile on her face.
Yagami couldn’t help but notice that the woman’s neck and chin had a metal plate over it, and
similarly her ears were covered by what appeared at first glance to be headphones, but upon closer
inspection were drilled into her head. Hm? Are those cybernetic prosthetics? I wonder if she was in
some sort of accident, he wondered to himself before deciding it didn’t really matter. Modern
technology truly was a marvel.
“Junpei? Aigis?!” Takeba said, surprised. “What are you guys still doing here?! You should be
heading to Yokohama!”
The man, Junpei, chuckled. “What, and leave you stranded by yourself? Come on, do you really
think we’d be that cold?”
The woman, Aigis, nodded. “Indeed, Yukari-san,” she said in a somewhat, though not entirely,
monotonous tone. “What kind of friends would we be? We phoned ahead to Mitsuru-san and
explained the situation. The issue that she is attending in Yokohama isn’t so urgent; she said that
it’s more important that family isn’t left behind.”
Takeba’s eyes widened. “Family…?”
“Yes, and especially with how dangerous the streets have gotten lately, she doesn’t want anybody
traveling alone.” Aigis looked around the area suspiciously and spoke in a lower tone. “The vicious
gangsters known as the Saio Triad have been patrolling the streets, attacking anyone who so much
as glances in their direction… and on top of that, the yakuza-killer Haruka Sawamura is still on the

run. Iori-san and I didn’t feel right leaving you behind, with everything going on. Mitsuru-san and
the other Operatives are more than capable of monitoring the situation until we get there. …Is that
man in need of medical assistance?” she asked, glancing at Professor Panty, who groaned in pain as
blood dripped from his nose.
Akiyama shook his head. “No, don’t worry about him. I’ve already called the police. They should
be here to pick him up any moment now.”
“Oh, I see,” Aigis replied, the mildly worried look on her face disappearing. “There must have been
a dispute that led to his injuries. I comprehend.”
Thinking back to something that Haruka—in the guise of Ono Michiyo—had said about family
being who you can rely on, Takeba remembered the whole reason that Yagami and Akiyama agreed
to help her, and turned to them. “Yagami-san… I believe you when you say Haruka Sawamura is
innocent. You’re right… Thinking back on my interactions with her… I know she’s no murderer. I
like to think I’m a pretty good judge of character these days and there’s just… no way she has that
in her. And… I’m sorry. But I don’t know exactly where Haruka went after our street performance.
All I know is that she was traveling with a man in a red suit, with really goofy hair. It looked like a
rat’s nest.”
“That’d be Ichiban Kasuga…” Yagami mused. “Interesting. And where Kasuga goes, that Daidoji
agent is sure to be close behind… But why isn’t Sugiura with them? Something doesn’t make sense
here.” Nodding to Takeba, Yagami smiled. “Thank you, Takeba. You’ve been a big help. I trust
you’re in good hands now?”
Takeba nodded. “Very good hands. Thank you, Yagami-san. I suppose this is where we part ways.
Good luck with everything.” She turned to Junpei and Aigis and nodded. “Let’s go get something
to eat. I’m starving.”
Junpei grinned. “Aw yeah-uhh, one more night of authentic Osakan cuisine! My wallet cries tears
of sadness… but my stomach is crying tears of joy!”
“Hey, maybe we’ll bump into each other in Yokohama!” Yagami called after them. “I’m probably
ending up back that way anyway.”
Takeba chuckled. “29’s a bit old for you, don’t you think, Yagami-san?” she said as she walked
away.
“Huh? Hey, what’s that supposed to mean? Come on, I didn’t mean it like that! A-and that’s not too
old! I’m not a creep!”
Akiyama laughed as well, shaking his head. “Give it a rest, detective…”
Yagami scratched the back of his neck and sighed. “Man…” As he groaned, and as Akiyama
laughed, an odd sight went unnoticed; a bioluminescent blue butterfly flew past them, its wings
fluttering softly against the light of the nearly full moon.
~Side Case Solved~
“Well, now what?” Akiyama asked once Takeba and her friends had left. “We’re no closer to
finding Kiryu’s doppelganger… and now we know that Haruka is somewhere in Sotenbori, on the
run from the police and maybe the Saio Triad.”

Yagami thought about their predicament. “Well… I suspect that, in addition to Ichiban Kasuga,
Haruka is traveling with my partner, Masaharu Kaito. I believe he was behind Haruka’s prison
break.”
“Haru and Haru,” Akiyama chuckled. “Now that’s a crime duo the media’s going to love talking
about.”
“As much as I hate to say it, our hunt for Kazuma Kiryu may need to be put on hold,” Yagami
sighed. “At least, for now. I wonder, though… If Kiryu-san is still among the living, would Haruka
have known the whole time? I visited Morning Glory once to investigate the source of some money
the orphanage was receiving,” he explained. “And yet, she didn’t even mention to me the
possibility that it was Kiryu sending the money.”
Akiyama shook his head. “If Kiryu is still alive, Haruka has no idea. I’ve had my suspicions for
years, and even voiced them to her. ‘I don’t believe he’s dead,’ I remember telling her.”
“And what did she have to say about that?” Yagami asked.
Akiyama looked down at the ground and sighed. “Her eyes said one thing, but her mouth said
another. Her eyes said… ‘I want to believe.’ But what she said to me…”
“I have to move on, Akiyama-san,” he remembered her saying. “There’s no way around it Kazuma Kiryu is dead.”
“So as far as she knew, he died in Onomichi,” Yagami mused. “But you think she believed he had
survived?”
“I think so, yes.”
“She asked Kaito-san to look into the Daidoji Faction, and Kaito passed that job onto me when the
cops started tailing him,” Yagami revealed. “That was why I initially started looking into it. If
Kiryu is working for them, and she wanted me to look into them, I think that speaks to a certain
level of information she received while in Yokohama.”
“If she knows something now, it’s definitely new information,” Akiyama agreed. “I think it would
be best if we met up with her and this Ichiban Kasuga. We can put together all of the information
we have and figure out once and for all if Kazuma Kiryu really is still alive. But Yagami… You
need to promise me something.”
Yagami raised an eyebrow. “And that is?”
“As much as I hate to say it, if Kiryu faked his death, he faked it for a reason,” Akiyama sighed. “I
don’t know what you plan to do once you have all of the pieces of your own puzzle. But until we
figure out why he did what he did… You can’t say anything to anyone about it. It’s… possible that
doing so may put Haruka-chan and all of the kids at Morning Glory in even greater risk.”
Chuckling humorlessly, he added “He’s even hiding from me. If I learn too much, I may be forced
to disappear, too. And the same goes for you. Tread carefully, Yagami-san.”
Yagami thought about this request only briefly. “Fine,” he muttered. “I refuse to be sworn to
secrecy. But… It would be pretty shitty detective work if I blabbed about all of my findings before
I even had the full picture. So for now… Whatever we learn tonight stays between the two of us.
Deal?”

Akiyama nodded. “Deal.”
***
Yagami and Akiyama continued their information hunt… and seemed to be digging up absolutely
nothing. Switching gears, they instead were now looking for Haruka, Kasuga, and possibly Kaito,
and Yagami had to hand it to them; they were damn good at hiding. Making things especially
difficult was that they didn’t want to potentially alert the police to the fact that Haruka was in
Osaka, and so they had to be vague in their questioning of others, and they weren’t able to get
much more information than what had been given to them by Yukari Takeba.
It seemed, however, that their search for information was not without personal risk. At some point,
Yagami realized that a group of men had been following them. “We’re being followed,” he said
quietly.
Realizing that they had been made, the men approached Yagami and Akiyama more directly.
Clearly, the civilians walking the streets knew trouble was afoot—despite the street having been
packed a moment ago, everyone cleared out in less than a minute as the men approached. “Hey.
You two,” a bald man said to them. “You’ve been askin’ a lot of fuckin’ questions about some girl
and her goofy-haired friend. Thing is… We’re looking for the same people. Maybe we can help
each other out, huh?”
“I’m fine, thanks,” Yagami denied. “No offense, but I don’t think our friends associate with
anybody like you.”
The man smirked. “You’re real funny. Say… You don’t sound like you’re from around here.”
“Look who’s talking,” Akiyama muttered.
“In light of that… You could be forgiven for not knowing that Sotenbori is Liumang turf, now.”
Yagami raised an eyebrow. “Liumang? As in, the Yokohama Liumang?”
The man smirked. “Oh, so you do know us.”
“Tesso didn’t mention anything about expanding west,” Yagami countered. “And I don’t think he
has any interest in doing so either.”
“Huh? Scarface is running the show, now? Jesus Christ, Zhao ditched Mabuchi for that loser?”
Glaring at the man, Yagami stepped closer. “You’re not Liumang. You’re Saio Triad, aren’t you?”
The bald man’s eyes narrowed at Yagami. “I’m gonna cut to the chase. You seen a boy wandering
around here?”
“Even if I had, I wouldn’t tell you,” Yagami snarled.
“Well you better, if you value keeping your dick attached to your body!” the bald man threatened.
“Wait, Yagami!” Akiyama said, realizing something. “They’re looking for a boy. If they’re with the
Saio Triad… they’re the sons of bitches who took Haruto-kun!”

Yagami chuckled. “And he got away from you, huh? So now you’re without an heir, scrambling to
find him before your bosses back home hear about this and have you killed for your incompetence.
This is why they say crime never pays.”
“You fuckin’ prick!” the bald man snarled, grabbing Yagami by the coat and pulling him close. “I’ll
kill you!”
Yagami was saved, rather unexpectedly, by a pair of black leather dress shoes meeting the side of
his aggressor’s face. Somebody had drop kicked the man and landed a clean hit on his head,
knocking him out and sending him to the floor. As Yagami’s mysterious savior stood back up, he
turned to the detective and grinned cockily. “Looks like we arrived in the nick of time,” he laughed
as three others - a woman and two men - arrived and dealt with the other triads in short order. “Yo,
Tak… You sure are a sight for sore eyes.
Yagami’s eyes widened. “Kaito-san!” he exclaimed graciously.
Akiyama was surprised as well; one of the fighters who arrived with a running air kick, quickly
knocking out one of the triads, was Haruka Sawamura. “H-Haruka-chan?!”
The other two - Toru Higashi and the man Yagami recognized from photos and news reports as
Ichiban Kasuga - beat the shit out of the remaining two triads and joined Kaito and Haruka. “We
didn’t mean to steal the show,” Kasuga laughed. “But it seemed like you were in a bit of a pickle.
Hope you don’t mind us barging in.”
“Haruka-chan… what’s going on?” Akiyama asked. “What are you doing in Sotenbori?”
“I’m looking for Haruto,” Haruka answered. “The Saio Triad took him, and—.”
“We know,” Akiyama replied, cutting her off. “We’re looking into that as well.”
“There’s something else,” Haruka continued. “It’s Uncle Kaz. I… I think he’s alive.”
Casting an aside glance at Yagami, Akiyama sighed and replied “We all think things, Harukachan.”
“Some of us know things but won’t say,” Kaito added, glaring at Kasuga, who was knelt over the
triads. “Don’t we, Kasuga… Huh? What’s that look for?”
“These guys are all Liumang,” Kasuga said as he stood up. “Or, were, anyway. The bald guy is
Zheng. He sided with Mabuchi when he tried to usurp Zhao and start a gang war between the Ijin
Three a few years back.”
Haruka raised an eyebrow. “So he might be close to the top of this whole thing…”
Kaito smirked and cracked his knuckles. “Well then… It sounds to me like we just found ourselves
a lead.” He looked at his friends, a dark look in his eye that always sent a chill up Yagami’s spine
and left him glad Kaito was one of the good guys. “Who’s up for a little Q&A session, Kamurochostyle?”
“Why does it always end up like this with you, aniki…?” Higashi wondered aloud with a low
chuckle.

Chapter 59: The Plot
Zheng suddenly woke up in a sweat. His vision was blurry, his movement was restricted, and he
had no idea where he was or what was going on. Several figures stood around him and before he
could identify any of them he became fully aware that he was tied to a chair. He blinked rapidly,
trying to remember what was going on and clear his vision; he and several other triads had
confronted two gentlemen who had been wandering town asking too many questions. After that…
his memories were blank.
“He’s waking up,” a young woman in the room said.
“He doesn’t look so good, Kaito-san,” one of the blurry figures before him added. Zheng
recognized this voice; it was that prick Ichiban Kasuga, the man who got him expelled from the
Liumang and banished from Ijincho three years ago. “I think you gave him a concussion.”
“He should be glad that’s all I gave him,” Kaito answered. “We’ll give him a moment to get his
bearings… then he should be able to answer a few questions for us.”
“The others are on the way,” Kasuga said. “I’m sure Zhao’s got a lot to say to this guy.”
A woman with pink hair walked into Zheng’s field of vision. “Oh don’t worry… so do I.” She came
into focus a moment later. She was beautiful, but had a frightening, sadistic smile on her lips. “You
caused me a lot of problems three years ago… You know something? You’re lucky. Really lucky.
Because if Haruka Sawamura hadn’t insisted that we keep you alive for information… They
wouldn’t have even been able to identify your body.”
“Seonhee…” the young woman chastised, before walking towards Zheng and coming into focus.
This was…
“Ngh… You’re that girl…” Zheng said, out of breath. “You’re Haruka Sawamura. You’re in a lotta
fuckin’ trouble if you don’t let me go right now!”
Haruka didn’t flinch from the threat, nor did the serious look on her face waver. “I’ve heard it all
before,” she responded. “You know… There are a lot of very dangerous people in the room with
me. I’m really not the one you should be worried about. Because if you don’t give us what we
need… I might not be able to control them.”
“What the fuck…?!”
“That is my first, and only warning.”
“You think you can threaten me, you fuckin’ bitch?! I’ll kill you! I’ll kill all of you! Right after we
kill your kid, burn down your orphanage, and drink to the screams of everyone you hold dear!”
Seonhee pushed Haruka aside and pulled a gun out of her jacket, pointing it straight at Zheng’s
face. “Say that again!” she said, her rage starting to boil over. “Fucking. Say. That. Again.”
Haruka acted quickly, placing her hand on the gun and lowering it. “Enough, Seonhee. Don’t let
him goad you into doing something you’ll regret.”

Seonhee narrowed her eyes and willingly lowered her gun. “Like I said… You’re lucky.” She then
gritted her teeth, turned the gun around, and pistol whipped him with its handle, knocking him out.
“But everyone’s luck runs out eventually.”
***
Yagami, Kaito, Higashi, and Akiyama stepped out for just a moment while Zheng took a little nap.
They had taken him to the abandoned warehouse that Yagami had previously investigated, and
ruled out, as the headquarters of the Akame Network. “I don’t understand, Kaito-san,” he said. “I
was here not long ago, and there was… nothing. Just what have you been up to?”
Kaito chuckled. “Let me tell you, Tak… Running things while you were gone certainly had its ups
and downs. I guess I should start from the beginning…
“A couple of weeks ago, the office was visited by a low-ranking grunt from the Seiryu Clan in
Yokohama,” he explained. “A rising star in the clan’s newly-formed Tokyo branch, Masataka
Ebina, was secretly undermining the branch’s captain behind the scenes, and the client was worried
that it would result in a civil war between the Tokyo branch and the Yokohama branch. So, I went
undercover in the Seiryu Clan as an ex-Tojo yakuza looking to get back into the business. I was
having problems getting anything out of anyone while I established myself, but the case took a turn
when one day, a group of civilians waltzed into the Tojo like they owned the place.”
“Haruka-chan and her friends in Yokohama?” Akiyama asked.
Kaito nodded. “Bingo. Apparently one of the kids from Morning Glory got wrapped up in the
whole thing… So me and a few guys had to fight Haruka-chan, since, you know, she was an
intruder. Now, obviously I’m not trying to kill civilians while I’m undercover, so I held back, and
she ended up winning and moved straight on to Ebina. I saw that as the in I needed and inserted
myself into her situation from there. Later that day, I approached her while she was hiding out in a
cemetery, trying to get information on the Daidoji Faction.
“Ebina lured us into a trap,” Kaito sighed. “Or… Haruka lured herself into a trap, I guess. She
realized Ebina was planning to kill Hachiro Sano, the Seiryu Clan captain, and asked me to help her
stop it. But, we were too late, and before long, we had been framed for his killing. That was when I
called you and told you to lay low, Tak.”
Akiyama hummed. “So, were you behind her jailbreak?”
Kaito nodded. “Yeah. She made a sacrifice that allowed me to escape capture, and I wanted to
return the favor. A guy in a wheelchair approached me and Higashi and helped us get into the
prison. Thing is, we still don’t even know who that guy is. He didn’t look like anyone I knew from
the Tojo Clan, he claimed not to know Haruka, he didn’t even give me a name, but said he had been
following us for a while.”
“He did say he was a friend of a friend,” Higashi pointed out. “Maybe he was with Kuwana.”
Kaito hummed. “Hmm… That’s certainly possible… But Kuwana was basically isolated from the
world last time we saw him. The only people who are willing to help him with anything are people
he’s been blackmailing, and this guy was definitely pulling someone’s strings. And besides, there’s
no way Kuwana would have the kind of access this guy did. He did also say we had a common
interest, but wouldn’t say what it was… and that when the time was right, he’d call upon us to
repay the debt. So… I guess we have that to look forward to.

“So Higashi and I broke Haruka and her friends out of prison, and we officially joined the party.”
Yagami tilted his head. “The… party?”
“Heh. Haruka-chan sees the world a little differently from you and I,” Kaito laughed. “She’s not a
skilled fighter. She’s not as fast as you and I, anyway. So to make fighting easier, she imagines
things like she’s a hero fighting monsters in some kinda video game, and she’s dragged us into it.
Did you ever play Megami Tensei back in the day? It’s sort of like that.”
“That sounds insane,” Yagami said in disbelief.
“Well, call it what you will, but it’s working. It’s actually kind of fun, once you get into it. But
anyway… We made it back to Ijincho—that was around when you called us about Joryu, Kasuga,
and Sugiura—and met up with Tesso, along with Kyoko Amasawa, that girl you helped out at
Seiryo High last year. Apparently she’s following in your footsteps.”
“I thought she might,” Yagami chuckled. “I’m sure she didn’t think she’d have ended up chasing
triads in Sotenbori, though.”
“She’s taken it in stride. Anyway, some of the Liumang who were protecting us during our meeting
with Tesso were traitors, working for Akira Mabuchi and the Saio Triad,” Kaito continued. “The
Geomijul, the Liumang, and the Seiryu Clan have Ijincho locked down now, so until we get
Haruka-chan’s legal troubles sorted out, that’s our safe zone.”
“The Seiryu Clan?” Yagami asked. “But didn’t they frame you for the murder?”
Kaito growled. “Yeah… We were approached by Jo Sawashiro, formerly of the Tojo Clan and Omi
Alliance’s Arakawa Family. He had been at the Tojo Clan HQ when Haruka was arrested, and he
told us that Ebina needed our help. See, Ebina is planning to dissolve the Seiryu Clan, or so he
says,” he explained. “But he wants to absorb all of the Kanto region’s yakuza before he does that.
The Saio Triad have complete control over Kamurocho, so naturally, they’re an obstacle to that
goal.”
“Not complete control, aniki,” Higashi added. “There is that yakuza group the media have accused
you and Haruka of running.”
Kaito nodded. “That’s right. The Shin Tojo Alliance. Haruka and I are just scapegoats, but there
definitely is some kind of other criminal element in Kamurocho besides the triads… and we think
the police are working with them. The new police commissioner in Kamurocho, Akio Yamamoto,
is an ex-yakuza from the Tojo Clan’s Sakaki Family, who Masumi Arakawa was beefing with back
in the 90s.”
“Hm, I don’t remember Matsugane-san mentioning them,” Yagami mused.
“He didn’t have any reason to. They dissolved in 2001… and their beef with the Arakawas didn’t
cross over into beef with the other Kazama families… mostly. Yamamoto tried to have me along
with Kasuga killed back in the day, but the Sakaki Family had money, so either nobody believed
me, or nobody cared. Either way, Yamamoto was selling information to both the Omi Alliance and
the police, and continued doing so even after the Sakaki Family dissolved. He joined the
Nishikiyama Family when they spun off, then joined the police after they dissolved in 2009.”

“How did an ex-yakuza even join the police department in the first place, let alone make it all the
way to commissioner?” Yagami asked.
“My guess is he’s been feeding the cops information at least since the 90s,” Kaito said, shrugging.
“Or maybe he was like Soma, and he was a cop the whole time and was sent into the Tojo Clan
strictly as an informant.”
“A mole, you mean,” Yagami said with a smirk, referencing a conflict long passed.
“Heh. Yeah. Exactly. But I’m getting off track. The point is, Sawashiro and Ebina needed the Saio
Triad gone… and being that they likely had kidnapped Haruto Sawamura, that meant that we had a
common enemy, and it was in our best interests to work with the Seiryu Clan in spite of everything
they had done. So we came down to Sotenbori to meet with Akame, and helped her set up shop
right here.
“We bumped into that Joryu character as well, and Haruka bumped into Kasuga. Finding out what
his connection is to Kazuma Kiryu is a secondary objective of ours,” Kaito finished. “But Harutokun comes first. Let’s just hope this Liumang prick has the answers we need.”
“You know, I’m just glad you guys didn’t take a hostage into Charles this time,” Higashi sighed.
“Mind if we join the party?” an older voice said from nearby. He had a large figure with thin,
slicked back gray hair, as well as a blue Kanagawa Police Department air base jacket. With him
was a younger Chinese man, wearing sunglasses and dressed in a black leather jacket over a black
and orange button up shirt, with grey shorts over black leggings. “Koichi Adachi, ex-Kanagawa
Police. You must be this Takayuki Yagami character I’ve been hearing about.”
The Chinese man bowed. “Tianyou Zhao. But I think you knew that.”
Kaito grinned. “Hey, I’ve seen you around. You run You Tian back in Yokohama, don’t you?”
Zhao smirked. “Guilty as charged. Tesso speaks very highly of you all… especially you, Yagamikun. He’s really proud that you’re his ‘aniki’, as he put it.”
“Wasn’t Sugiura supposed to be with you all?” Kaito asked. “Where’s he at?”
“He’s with Kiryu… isn’t he?” Yagami asked.
Adachi smirked. “No idea who you’re talking about.”
Just then, Kasuga walked out into the alley, lighting a cigarette. “Seonhee says he’ll be ready to talk
in a few minutes. We’ll find out soon enough if he’s got the information we need. Yo, Adachi-san,
Zhao-san. …Where’s Joongi?”
Adachi scratched the back of his neck. “Ah… Joongi said it would be best if he and Haruka
Sawamura didn’t meet. He apparently believes he wouldn’t be welcome in her circle.”
“Ah, come on, that’s nonsense,” Kasuga said, waving his concern. “She’s never even met the guy.
What reason would she have to dislike him?
“He wouldn’t say,” Adachi sighed. “Just that, for now at least, he'll have to hang back. So him and
Sugiura are searching Osaka for Haruto-kun. Hey, I hear you chased Sa-chan off again!”

Kasuga glared at his friend. “Hey, that’s not how it went down! We haven’t even seen each other
since coming to Osaka. It was Haruka that chased her off, she’s the one that, like, made out with
her.”
“…So what you’re saying is Haruka got to first base when you’re struggling to even get off home
plate.”
“Agh, fuck off…”
As Adachi cackled at Kasuga’s misery, Haruka walked out into the alley. “He’s ready,” she said
darkly.
“Haruka-chan… You sure you wanna be here for this?” Kaito asked, a concerned look on his face.
“It might be kind of intense.”
“I’ll do what I have to do to save Haruto,” she rebuffed. “Now come on.” She entered the
warehouse once more, and Kaito sighed.
“…I’m worried about her,” he admitted. “She’s such a sweet girl… She’s not fucked up like the rest
of us. But this whole ordeal is leading her down darker and darker paths. This kind of life ain’t for
her.”
Kasuga nodded. “I know what you mean. And… I know how she feels. She’s lost her father… her
husband… and now her child. I know what that kind of grief can do to you. It’s not pretty. But…
She’s not alone in this. She’s got all of us here, backing her up. And… If she starts going down too
dark a path… We’ll be here to bring her back into the light.”
Kaito smirked. “Hmph. Right. With all of us behind her, I’m sure it’ll all work out.” He turned to
Yagami and nodded. “Come on, Tak. Let’s see if our little friend has any nice things to say to us.”
Yagami nodded. “Right. Everyone… Let’s do this.”
Together, the group entered Akame’s hideout, ready to get the answers they needed by any means
necessary. From a nearby rooftop, Kiryu, Taichi, Joongi Han, and Sugiura watched them enter the
building.
“She has quite the group behind her,” Joongi observed. “Kasuga, Adachi, Nanba, Zhao, and
Seonhee; Takayuki Yagami and his associates; the moneylender Shun Akiyama; Sugiura’s
apprentice at Yokohama 99; and Akame and former members of the Omi Alliance. Not sure where
Saeko is, though…”
Kiryu chuckled. “Hmph. The media calls her yakuza… She’s no criminal, but she commands
respect like one.”
“Where do you think she got that from, huh, Uncle Kaz?” Taichi teased.
Kiryu shook his head in denial. “She commands respect through friendship, and finds strength in
kindness and compassion. She didn’t get that from me.”
“So, what do we do now?” Sugiura asked.
“All we can do is wait, and hope that the information they get out of that triad proves useful,”
Kiryu admitted. “With still no sign of Chihiro or Mabuchi, our options are severely limited.”

Turning to Joongi Han, Sugiura raised an eyebrow. “Hey… Shouldn't you be down there with
them? They’ve gotta think it’s weird you’re missing.”
“I don’t believe I’m welcome in Haruka Sawamura’s party,” Joongi sighed
“Huh?”
“Let’s just say our… families didn’t really get along,” Kiryu said vaguely. “Although, I don’t
believe that Haruka would hold the actions of your predecessor against you, Joongi. That isn’t how
I raised her, and after all, she's working with Seonhee, who she's well aware came from the
Jingweon Mafia.”
Joongi shook his head. “I would simply rather avoid any unnecessary complications. That’s all.
Besides, I think I can help better behind the scenes than as another part of that increasingly massive
group.” Pushing himself off of the railing he had been leaning against, he added “If you’ll excuse
me, I’m going to go patrol the area.”
“Keep us updated,” Kiryu said. “And Joongi… Even though you share a name and an appearance
with the previous Joongi Han… his past does not define your future. You are your own man with
your own destiny. Remember that.”
Joongi sighed. “Whatever you say, Kiryu-san.”
***
Zheng awoke again with a splitting headache. He looked around the room. Across from him sat
Haruka Sawamura, staring at him intently. On one side of her sat Ichiban Kasuga. On the other side
sat one of the men he had accosted earlier. Haruka’s many other allies surrounded him. One thing
was clear; he was in some deep shit.
“Are you ready to cooperate now?” the unfamiliar man next to Haruka asked.
“Fuck you,” Zheng spat. “Who the fuck are you, anyway?”
“The name’s Yagami,” he answered. “I’m a detective. And I think you have the answers we need to
close this case for good.”
“You can’t do this, you know,” Zheng responded. “I got my rights! I wanna talk to a lawyer!”
Yagami smirked. “I’ve got good news for you. You're already talking to one.”
“Huh?!”
Retrieving his Genda Law pin and holding it out for Zheng to see, Yagami added “And just a heads
up… The last time I lost a case was in 2015. So suing me would be a really, really bad idea.
Because even if you won that case… the stuff that I’d dig up about you in discovery alone would
probably be enough to put you away for the rest of your life.”
Zheng groaned. “Shit…!”
“Damn, Yagami-san,” Kasuga chuckled. “I’d be downright shitting myself right about now if I
were on your bad side. So, Zheng… Long time no see, buddy.”

“Ngh…”
“What? You haven’t forgotten about your old buddy Kasuga, have you? Well… what about Zhaosan? Do you remember him?”
Zheng looked to his right, suddenly aware that the man had been standing right next to him the
entire time. Zhao smiled. “You haven’t been to work in quite some time. I oughta fire your ass.”
“Shit, shit, shit… Agh… It doesn’t matter. I ain’t talkin’.”
“And why is that?” Seonhee asked. “Do you want to find out what happens if you continue to piss
me off?”
“If you guys don’t kill me, that crazy bitch will.”
“Crazy bitch?” Haruka asked.
“I’m not a bitch…” Seonhee pouted.
“Not you. The bitch that’s trying to make Mabuchi into her puppet.”
Amasawa raised an eyebrow. “Puppet? What do you mean?”
“I ain’t sayin’ any more. You’ll have to kill me. At least you all will be quick about it.”
Haruka stared intently at Zheng, before looking up at Seonhee. “Seonhee. Give me your gun.”
Seonhee’s eyes widened. Just moments ago, Haruka had stopped her from shooting Zheng dead,
but now she was asking for the gun herself? That concerned her. “Huh? Haruka, I’m not—.”
“Give it to her,” Kasuga interrupted. “I think I know where this is going.”
Seonhee hesitated. That Kasuga didn’t seem bothered by the request communicated one of two
things to her; one, he knew what Haruka was thinking; or two, he had no idea, but trusted her not to
do anything rash. Either way, it seemed he trusted that she would do the right thing. And so, with a
sigh, she relented, and handed her pistol over.
Haruka took the pistol and nodded. “Thank you, Seonhee.” She examined the weapon, keeping her
finger away from the trigger the entire time; remarkable trigger discipline, for one who had never
handled a firearm before. “Where… ah. There it is.” She pressed her thumb to the magazine
release, causing the loaded magazine to fall from the weapon. Haruka caught the magazine, then
handed it to Seonhee. She then racked the slide back, ejecting the chambered round, which fell to
the floor.
After ensuring that the gun could no longer fire, she placed it on the table in front of her, then
looked back at Zheng. “A lot of trouble would have been avoided if Uncle Kaz ever bothered to do
that,” she chuckled, before leaning forward. “Just to make sure we’re clear, I need you to
understand—killing you was never on the table. Despite what the media would have people
believe, I am no criminal. I’m just a woman trying to reunite with her child. If you help me do this
—.”
“I’ll be a dead man,” Zheng interrupted. “Do you know what they do to guys who talk? It’s worse
than anything you or even the cops could do to me.”

Yagami nodded. “We all believe that. But we can protect you, Zheng-san. If you help us, we’ll
make sure no harm comes to you. You have my word.” Turning to Seonhee, he said “I don’t think
we’ve been properly introduced. But… You’re the leader of the Geomijul in Yokohama, right?”
Seonhee tilted her head with a smirk. “That’s a dangerous question to be asking. But what if I am,
detective?”
“Would you be able to guarantee protection to Zheng, and any others who decide to flip on
Mabuchi?”
Seonhee nodded. “I can. As much as I’d like to peel this fucker’s fingernails… I have a feeling
Haruka would frown on that. And I think I still owe her for the trouble I put her through in Ijincho.
If you help us, Zheng, I promise, you will have the full protection of the Ijin Three.”
Zheng relaxed slightly. “Damn it… Fine. But I ain’t talkin’ unless you untie me.”
Yagami sighed and leaned back. “Untie the man.” Kaito and Higashi moved quickly, removing
Zheng’s bindings. “Better?”
“Much.” He looked around the room. “Where am I, anyway?”
“Confidential information,” Akame chuckled. “We’re putting a bag over your head and escorting
you out when this is over.”
“Figures…”
Haruka leaned forward, ready to begin questioning. “Now then… Zheng-san. You’re a member of
the Saio Triad, correct?”
Zheng shrugged. “We’re… affiliates.”
“Affiliates?”
Zheng sighed. “The truth is, we—me, Mabuchi, and Chihiro, along with the other former Liumang
—we're actually sort of free agents. All of these triads you guys’re seein’ around Osaka and Tokyo
are a mixture of actual Saio Triad and lower ranking Chinese gangsters who have allied themselves
with them. Most of us are guys who have spent nearly our entire lives in Japan. The Saio don’t trust
us. Not yet.”
“Then why are you working for them?” Yagami asked. “All the work with no reward? That doesn’t
sound fun.”
“The idea is that the Saio is gonna organize itself kind of like the yakuza, with subsidiary families
and such,” Zheng explained. “Mabuchi is heading an affiliated branch that seeks to control
Kamurocho and Ijincho.”
Kasuga tilted his head. “And why do you need Haruto-kun for that?”
“Haruto is half-Japanese, you know,” Haruka said. “I thought the Saio Triad only opened their
membership to pure Chinese.”
“They did, but that’s a really good way to make sure your organization dies,” Zheng said. “If your
line of succession is pure-blooded Chinese kids descended from one guy, eventually you’re gonna

run out of heirs, especially in today’s society.”
Adachi nodded. “The yakuza learned a similar lesson a long time ago. According to KPD statistics,
as many as 8% of Tojo Clan members in Kanagawa were thought to be ethnic Koreans by the mid2000s. I assume the numbers were similar in Tokyo, maybe even higher.”
Tsuruno had a similar anecdote. “One of the direct patriarchs of the Omi Alliance at the time of the
Great Dissolution was Homare Nishitani III of the Kijin Clan. He wasn’t just Korean; he was
actually ex-Jingweon Mafia as well. Then there was the Fifth Chairman's boy… ah, but I’m getting
off track.”
“Hell, Chihiro’s half-Japanese herself,” Zheng added. “She grew up in Kamurocho. Apparently her
dad was some big shot in the Citizens’ Liberal Party who got killed by the yakuza when she was
just a kid. I don’t know all the details of that, but I do know that she and her mother fell into
poverty afterwards, and she’s hated the yakuza ever since.”
“That’s understandable,” Haruka conceded, nodding. “The yakuza took everything from her. But
why involve Haruto?”
“Two reasons,” Zheng said. “One, she hates your family’s guts. Yuta Usami burned her home to the
ground.”
Haruka’s eyes widened. “Ah… the fire at Little Asia,” she muttered.
“You knew about that, huh?” Kasuga asked, to which Haruka slowly nodded.
“It’s not a fun thing to know. Continue, Zheng-san.”
Zheng nodded. “Number two, Haruto is the great nephew of the Saio Triad’s current leader, Bao
Lo. He’s Big Lo’s brother, and he's quite sick. Cancer. He is likely going to die soon. Big Lo
abdicated, and Mabuchi’s first job for the Saio was to kill him for going AWOL. Big and Bao were
the only children of the Saio Triad's previous chairman, so there are no other direct heirs. Jimmy
Lo, Big Lo’s first son, was murdered in 2016, and Yuta Usami, Big Lo’s second son, died a couple
of years ago, as you know. That leaves Haruto as the only living heir to the Saio Triad. Without
him, the blood law of succession would need to be abolished, and the organization’s officers would
like to avoid that, even if it means forgoing the pure Chinese rule. Blood law is the only thing
keeping the organization from facing non-stop power struggles. The Lo descendants ascend to
leadership, and his other relatives become officers, and everyone else sits down, shuts up, and does
what they’re told.
“Incidentally, Haruka, this would mean you are eligible for an officer position,” he then revealed.
“As Haruto Sawamura’s mother, if you were to surrender now and head to Kowloon with him, you
would very likely be honored with a rather cozy position in the family.”
“You must think I’m an idiot,” Haruka responded curtly.
“Heh… Yeah, somehow I didn’t think that would work.”
“This all lines up with what Chihiro-chan told me down in Okinawa,” Kasuga muttered. “So
where’s Haruto now?”
Zheng sighed. “No idea. He ran from us. I was lookin’ for him when you kidnapped me.”

“Ah—!” Haruka gasped. “Haruto is all alone, out there in the scary city… You better pray he’s not
hurt when we find him.”
“Or what?” Zheng scoffed. “You’ve proven you don’t got it in you to do shit about it.”
“Nobody’s given her a reason to, yet,” Akiyama threatened. “And you know something? If you do
give her a reason, depending on what it is… You might find that most people in this room would be
more than willing to look away for a few minutes.”
Yagami crossed his arms. “Well, I wouldn’t be. But I do think I’d be outnumbered there… even
among my own friends. So we’re going to make sure we don’t end up in an awkward situation like
that. Where are Mabuchi and Chihiro?”
“Chihiro is searching Osaka for Haruto as well. Mabuchi is at our hideout. He has no idea that
Haruto is missing.”
“So you were trying to find him before Mabuchi found out,” Amasawa deduced.
Zheng nodded. “Yeah. Not that it really matters… Chihiro ain’t plannin’ on keeping him around.”
Haruka raised an eyebrow. “She’s planning to kill him?”
“She says Mabuchi’s too dumb to lead and too dangerous to trust. I don’t exactly disagree.”
Zhao narrowed his eyes. “But you abandoned the Liumang to follow Mabuchi three years ago.”
“I follow whoever has the most power,” Zheng clarified. “At one time, it was you, Zhao. Then it
was Mabuchi. But Chihiro… If she gets her way, Mabuchi will end up being cast aside.”
“Okay… so what does Chihiro expect to gain?” Yagami asked. “If the Saio Triad has a blood law in
effect, she’ll be tossed aside as soon as she hands their heir over.”
To this, Zheng could only shrug. “I don’t know what’s goin’ through her head. She’s gone off the
deep end.”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “She didn’t seem that nuts in Okinawa.”
“She probably wasn’t,” Zheng agreed. “Something happened when she got to Sotenbori that
changed things. See, before the Daidoji Faction picked her up, she was one of the homeless you see
wanderin’ Sotenbori.”
“The Daidoji Faction?!” Haruka, Akiyama, and Yagami exclaimed in unison.
“Ah, shit…” Kasuga muttered.
“Ah… so you know who they are,” Zheng chuckled. “Well, she was one of their agents. That’s how
she got so close to Morning Glory in the first place.”
“She was a mole,” Kasuga grumbled, crossing his arms. “Sorry, Haruka-chan. But I knew that
already. Question is, how long was she feeding you guys information?”
“Again, I don’t know,” Zheng answered. “Truth is, I didn’t receive most of that information. Too
low on the ladder. In any case, the leader of Sotenbori’s homeless took Chihiro under her wing

when she first came to this town… And he put up a fight when we invaded. So he had to die. Thing
is, Mabuchi’s one sick fuck. He forced Chihiro to do the deed. Forced a gun into her hand… and
made her pull the trigger.”
Haruka’s eyes softened. “That’s awful…”
“Piece of shit…” Higashi grumbled, his normally calm demeanor giving way to a quiet rage.
“You alright, man?” Kaito asked.
“I’m fine… But hearing about this Mabuchi guy is pissing me off,” he growled.
“Ever since then, Chihiro’s been acting real erratically,” Zheng sighed. “One minute, she’s calm,
and the next, she’s threatening to blow your brains out. She scares the shit out of me now.”
“She’s clearly distressed…” Haruka mused. “But it doesn’t excuse what she’s done.”
“Haruka-chan, listen to me,” Kasuga said pleadingly. “Chihiro-chan… She’s done some bad things.
I’m not going to deny that. You have every reason to hate her. But… She’s not a bad person. She’s
angry, and mixed up with people who are using that anger. We’re going to find Haruto-kun, and
we’re going to bring him home, safe and sound. I promise you. But if we end up facing Chihiro,
please… Let us turn her in to the proper authorities. Don’t try to seek vengeance. It won’t help
anyone.”
“Thank you, Kasuga, but I’m going to do what I have to to protect my family,” Haruka responded
vaguely. “And I will decide what the appropriate measures are for myself.”
“But—!” Kasuga started, before rethinking his approach. “We have your back no matter what,
Haruka-chan… but sometimes, having your back means knowing when to hold you back. Just
remember that.”
Nanba chuckled at this. “Heh. I remember when it was us having to hold you back,” he said.
“And I’m grateful for that,” Kasuga clarified. “Truly. If you guys hadn’t been there… I don’t know.
Maybe I’d be a whole different person right now.” You guys and Kiryu-san… He helped me, a
complete stranger, and stopped me from losing myself. I’m going to do the same for your daughter
if I have to, Kiryu-san. “So, Zheng… Where’s Mabuchi’s hideout?”
“The old Omi Alliance headquarters,” he revealed. “We took the place from those bums Chihiro
used to roll with.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “Huh? But Ki—uh, but we checked that place out already.”
“Ya must’ve just missed us, then. Hey, don’t you think I’ve told you enough? Can I go, now?”
Glancing at Haruka, who nodded, Yagami leaned forward. “Actually, I’d like to ask you a little bit
more about the Saio Triad’s operations in Tokyo.”
“Ask away.”
“Who’s facilitating your operations? The police have been cracking down on organized crime all
over the city. And yet, triads and the yakuza have seemingly taken control of Kamurocho again.
The only way that’s possible… Is if you guys have a mole in the police department.”

Zheng chuckled. “Just one?”
Yagami raised an eyebrow. “More than one? How many?”
Zheng went silent for just a moment, then responded “How many cops are there in Kamurocho,
again?”
“If you’re gonna make shit up, make it believable,” Kaito scoffed. “There might be some crooked
cops in Kamurocho, hell I know a few of them personally, but the whole department? Get real.”
Zheng shrugged. “Look, I don’t know if it’s the whole department, or if it’s just the beat cops, or
what,” he said, “but on the streets, Kamuro police have one order—don’t touch any triads. In
return, we stick to our territory, east of the Millennium Tower. Little Asia is on that side of the city,
so that arrangement suits us just fine, for now.”
“So, Mabuchi’s outfit takes the eastern part of Kamurocho, and that leaves the western half to the
other gangs and yakuza,” Yagami mused.
“And if our theory is correct, those other gangs are being coordinated by Commissioner
Yamamoto,” Haruka added. “It’s a smart enough plan. As long as all of the gangs stay behind their
own lines, Kamurocho appears to the public to be much safer than ever, even though not much has
changed within. It furthers his goals on both ends, and because the peace is facilitated by the police,
everything that happens has to go through him. He dictates Kamurocho’s criminal underworld from
the comfort of his own office.”
Kasuga frowned. “Yeah, there’s just… something that bothers me about that, though.”
“What do you mean?” Kaito asked.
“Well… Let’s say you’re a cop looking to get the streets in order,” Kasuga said as he ran through
his thoughts step by step. “You make a few deals, you get the gangs to keep their hands off of each
other, you look like the smartest guy to run that police department in years. You can even take
kickbacks, as long as you launder the cash well enough. If he was just doing that, I’d get it.
Everything we just heard makes sense. Except… He’s not just doing that,” he mused. “He’s taken a
direct hand in things, at least, if our theories are right. At the very least he’s attempted to frame
three of his enemies for a murder committed by one of his allies, and to top it all off, he’s saying
those three enemies—me, you, and Haruka-chan—are jointly commanding the latest yakuza group
to make moves in Kamurocho, the so-called ‘Shin Tojo Alliance’. But why go to that trouble? Why
not stop at framing us for the murder?”
Kaito tilted his head. “Well, he wants to obfuscate the true mastermind behind the yakuza’s
revival… Which would be him.”
“Exactly, which is how we know he’s probably giving the orders,” Kasuga said, nodding. “Except
if he’s doing that, his motives don’t make sense either. This is obviously the culmination of a yearslong plot to gain influence in the criminal world… So why, after all of that work and planning,
would you then cut a deal with triads, who, let’s face it, are going to stab you in the back once they
have the manpower to do so, and limit your own organization to just half of Kamurocho? That
just… doesn’t make sense to me. It would be like… robbing the largest, most secure bank in Japan,
ripping them off for hundreds of billions of yen, and then just leaving half of the cash sitting on a
park bench somewhere. All of that planning, all of that effort… and then only taking home half of
the spoils.”

The group pondered this for a moment, and no immediate rebuttals were offered. Kasuga was
completely correct. Yamamoto’s plan did not make sense. He was either an idiot, or there was a
crucial detail being overlooked here.
Interrupting the dumbfounded silence was a phone call. Yagami’s phone started to ring. He pulled
the phone out and illuminated the screen, which read “Fujii Mafuyu”.
“Ah!” Yagami gasped. “It’s Mafuyu!”
“Don’t answer that, are you insane?” Kaito scolded. “Look, it’s not like I blame her - she’s only
doing her job, and it’s not her fault we’re in this messs - but have you forgotten that she’s Tokyo’s
Chief Prosecutor, now, and you are wanted for questioning? She’s gonna grill you for information.”
“Mafuyu wouldn’t call me knowing what’s going on unless it was important,” Yagami countered as
he answered the call. “It’s Yagami,” he greeted. “For what do I owe the pleasure?”
“Bold of you to even pick up the phone, Yagami-kun,” the woman on the other end chuckled. “It’s
like you don’t even know what the stakes are.”
“I’m well aware… And I’m sort of in the middle of something, here.”
“...Is it something illegal?”
Glancing at his technically-hostage, Yagami simply replied “I reserve my right to remain silent.”
In her office in Tokyo, Mafuyu sighed and rolled her eyes. “...You know something, you’re lucky
I’ve had to recuse myself from your case.”
“Is that so?”
“Yes. Both your case and Kaito’s are being handled by my deputy to avoid the appearance that any
suspects with whom I was known to associate were subject to any special treatment.”
“Well, I guess I’d better hope that they’re feeling generous.”
“Evidently, she was.”
Yagami raised an eyebrow. “Hm? What do you mean?”
Mafuyu opted to allow Yagami to think on the implications for a moment before picking up a
written report on her desk. She read it aloud for Yagami to hear:

22 December, 2022
Prepared by the staff of Sae Niijima, Vice Prosecutor for the Tokyo District Public Prosecutor’s
Office, a District-level branch of the Ministry of Justice
This report is to provide to the Chief Prosecutor a status update on the Hachiro Sano murder case,
particularly as it pertains to the potential indictment and prosecution of Takayuki Yagami
(henceforth referred to as “Individual 4”), which the Chief Prosecutor has delegated to Niijima in
avoidance of a possible conflict of interest.

On 21 December, 2022, after numerous failures to make contact with Individual 4 in known
hangout spots across Kamurocho, as well as failures to locate any recent points of contact between
Individual 4 and Individuals 1 and 3, attention was instead turned to Individual 4’s links to other
suspects, with his known association with Individual 2 - Masaharu Kaito - being his strongest link
to the crime. In spite of that association, no further evidence of Individual 4’s involvement in the
assault and murder of the victim could be uncovered.
Call logs from Individual 4’s personal cell phone provided by the suspect’s mobile carrier revealed
a number of calls to and from Individual 2, though with the exception of one - a single call made on
the eve of the victim’s murder - no calls were placed at unusual times or from unusual locations.
Email records similarly failed to produce any evidence, and physical evidence produced during a
search of the shared workspace of these suspects - Yagami Detective Agency in the special ward of
Shinjuku - was also lacking in substance.
A hypothetical prosecution of Individual 4, for the reasons stated above, is considered highly
unlikely to result in a conviction. It is therefore in the opinion of this office that this investigation is
not productive, and that Individual 4 should be ruled out as a suspect. While the possibility remains
open to future prosecution - in particular, for the suspect’s refusal to cooperate with police during
the course of this investigation - at this time this office sees no reason to pursue any charges related
to the murder of Hachiro Sano against Individual 4.
Individual 2’s involvement continues to be investigated by this office.

As Mafuyu finished reading the letter, she placed it back down on her desk. “Niijima-san presented
this report to me this morning. I felt it was only polite to inform you myself, before you read about
it in the papers - the Tokyo Metropolitan Police no longer seeks your arrest.”
“What about Haruka-chan and the others?”
Mafuyu sighed. “Their investigations are still ongoing. And, no, I cannot disclose the status of
those. You wouldn’t happen to know where Sawamura and Kaito are… would you?”
Yagami glanced at Kaito, who smirked, and Haruka, who communicated her amusement with a
raised eyebrow. “Uh… Once again, I’d like to exercise my right to remain silent.”
Fujii sighed once more. “You’re going to give me grey hairs, Yagami-kun… Well, wherever they
are, I feel you should know that Genda Law has agreed to defend them. I just spoke with Shirosaki
a moment ago. I imagine you will eventually find a way to squeeze onto that defense team, as you
often do. The sooner Sawamura and Kaito are arrested, the sooner you can… do your thing.”
“You don’t seem particularly worried about losing this case,” Yagami noted.
“If we decide to bring the case to trial, I’m sure we will win,” Mafuyu retorted. “Whether or not
things will get to that point is another story… But, again, I’m not at liberty to discuss the details of
the case. There… is one other thing I feel I should disclose to you, however. It’s about
Kamurocho’s police commissioner. He seems… very personally interested in seeing Sawamura,
Kaito, and Kasuga arrested. When my office dismissed the charges against Kasuga, he demanded
we reopen the investigation.”

“He does have a vendetta against those three. …So I’ve heard, anyway. I think Kaito-san
mentioned it to me once before. I hear he’s ex-yakuza. Before joining the police department, he
worked for both the Sakaki Family, who had beef with the Arakawa and Matsugane Families, and
the Nishikiyama Family, who had beef with Kazuma Kiryu, Haruka’s father. In short, he’s using his
office to pursue vendettas from his past life.”
“I suspect as much as well. It’s been a… secondary priority of my office.” She sighed. “Anyway…
where are you?”
“I’d rather not say.”
“I figured.” Despite the seriousness of the conversation, Mafuyu couldn’t help but chuckle.
“Hehe… Being that you are no longer under investigation, you are not obligated to tell me anything
or to submit yourself for questioning. But I feel like there’s a lot we need to discuss. So if you find
time, stop by my new office in Shibuya. Well… If I’m still there by the time you get back to
Tokyo.”
Yagami raised an eyebrow. “What does that mean?”
“Nothing… I hope. But Yagami-kun… Be careful. I can’t trust anybody at the police department
right now, which means you especially can’t trust them. Yamamoto is up to something, and I’m
worried even you may be out of your depth, here.”
“Thanks for the concern, Mafuyu, but I’m intent on making sure justice sees the light of day,
regardless of whether or not I do.”
“I had no doubts about that. Just don’t do anything reckless, okay?”
“Heh. No promises.” With that, Yagami ended the call and pocketed his phone. “Well, that’s one
problem dealt with. Sounds like I owe Miss Sae Niijima a drink.”
Kaito seemed annoyed. “Uh… after she drops my charges, right?”
“Hmm… Maybe.”
“Dude!”
“Only joking, Kaito-san.”
The room got a much-needed chuckle out of this, save for Kaito, who simply sighed and shook his
head.
Even Haruka couldn’t help but smirk and shake her head despite the otherwise dire circumstances.
“Hmph… I almost forgot how bad everything is right now… I think I’ve heard enough from
Zheng-san… for now. I need to keep searching for Haruto.”
“Oh, here, I’ll come with,” Kasuga said. “Let’s find a police station, and see if he was spotted.”
“Is that a good idea?” Nanba asked.
“I’M not a suspect,” Kasuga defended. “Well, not anymore. I can talk to cops just fine. Keep an eye
on things, you guys.”

Haruka and Kasuga stepped out of the hideout and started heading in the direction of the closest
police station, though the faint and nearby smell of Winston cigarettes stopped them in their tracks
before they even left the alleyway. Turning to the source of the smell, they saw Saeko Mukoda,
leaning against the wall with a cigarette in hand and a serious look on her face.
“Huh?” Kasuga said. “Ah! S-Sa-chan!”
“Hey,” she muttered as she pressed the lit end of the cigarette against the wall, smothering the
flame.
“Y-you came back!” Haruka exclaimed, relieved but simultaneously a bit scared of what Saeko had
to say, with “I hate you, don’t talk to me” being the thing she felt was most likely.
Instead, Saeko said “We need to talk.” She glanced between Kasuga and Haruka, sighed, and
looked down at the ground. “All three of us.”
This was no less frightening to the two fools prepared to grovel before their queen.
“Ah… shit…” Kasuga muttered.
“Yeah…” Haruka echoed the sentiment. “I think we’re both in trouble.”
“…Heh. Both of us, huh?” Kasuga mused with a self-deprecating chuckle. “In that case… I’ll
shoulder half the blame, but only if you agree to take your fair share.”
“Hehe. It’s a deal, Kasuga-san…”

Chapter 60: Awake
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Haruka, Kasuga, and Saeko walked, slowly and aimlessly, through Sotenbori in silence. Not one of
them said a word since Saeko had approached the other two. All three were too scared to say
anything first; Kasuga and Haruka feared angering Saeko even further, while Saeko still didn’t
know what to say, and feared improvising would lead to hurtful things being said that she either
didn’t mean or could put more tactfully with a bit more thought and preparation.
Well… this is awkward, Haruka thought to herself. I want to say something, but…
Surprisingly—or perhaps unsurprisingly, given his penchant for putting his foot in his mouth—it
was Kasuga who spoke first. “S-Sa-chan…” he said, gathering up the courage to speak his mind.
“Please… Don’t be angry with Haruka-chan.”
Haruka’s eyes widened. “Huh? Kasuga—!”
“She was just… tellin’ ya how she feels, the only way she knows how!” he continued. “That’s not a
crime! Whatever problems ya got with me… and I know there are plenty of reasons to be pissed
with me… please don’t push those feelings onto her. She really, really didn’t do anything wrong.”
“Now hold on just a second!” Haruka protested. “We said we’d share the blame! And how does any
of that make me any different from you, anyway? If anything, what I did came out of nowhere.
Actually, it was basically harassment! She should be way angrier with me. Saeko, please don’t stay
angry with Kasuga! He’s helped me out so much already, he’s a really good guy, and— huh?”
Saeko was ignoring both of them. She simply kept walking, as if she didn’t even hear them.
“Uh… Sa-chan?” Kasuga said, trying to get her attention. She ignored them both once again.
“Sheesh… she must be really pissed…”
“Great…” Haruka pouted.
And so they kept walking. Maybe she wanted an apology? Both hopeless romantics apologized
profusely for their indiscretions, but this too garnered no reaction from Saeko. Perhaps, then, she
wanted to hear what each of them could offer her? Yeah, a competition, that’s what it was!
“You’d never need to work another day in your life!” Kasuga offered. “I’d take care of you,
completely! And… and I’d be such a great dad!”
“I can’t give you biological children, but… We can take care of the orphanage together!” Haruka
countered. “We’ll give orphaned children from all over Japan a loving home! A-and you wouldn’t
have to do anything! I’d take care of anything!”
“Uh, hey, how about that trendy new bar you wanted to open?” Kasuga posited. “We could run it
together! Doesn’t that sound grand? I have a mixology certificate from Ounabara now, so I could
make drinks, and you could entertain the guests, and—!”

“Oh! Is that what you want?” Haruka said. “I know a great location in Downtown Ryukyu!”
“Uh, hold on, I’ll come down to Okinawa with you if that’s where you want to go!” Kasuga
countered. “Or maybe—!”
“WE CAN SHARE!” Kasuga and Haruka both exclaimed desperately. Shortly after, their faces
both reddened with embarrassment as soon as they realized how ludicrous an arrangement that
would be, and how desperate and unhinged both of them must have sounded to have even
suggested that.
Suddenly Saeko spoke up. “You know… you guys were doing a lot better when you weren’t saying
anything at all.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “Huh…?”
“Oh, but, Sa-chan…” Haruka started, before being cut off.
“Seriously… You both have an awful habit of speaking without thinking,” Saeko said. “What
makes you think that I want any of that?”
Kasuga spoke up again. “Uh… What do you want?” he asked.
Sighing and leaning against the railing of the Iwao Bridge, Saeko said “That’s just it. Even I don’t
really know what I want… So how could you two?”
“You don’t… know what you want?” Haruka asked.
“Are these two bothering you, beautiful?” a handsome young man suddenly said, approaching the
group. Based on his flashy attire, he seemed to be a host. “Want me to tell them to get lost for ya?”
“Oh, man… So that’s how this looks, huh?” Kasuga said.
“We’re no better than the pushy men you see on the streets…” Haruka muttered. “I guess you want
us to leave now, huh?”
Saeko rolled her eyes. “Quit making assumptions about what I want, you two! If I wanted you guys
gone, I’d have said that, wouldn’t I have?”
“But you just said you don’t know what you want,” Kasuga replied, confused.
“Hey, pal,” the host said. “Seriously. Buzz off. You’re making her uncomfortable.”
Saeko growled at the host. “I am so tired of people who think they know what I want better than
me.”
“I’ll bet,” the host chuckled obliviously. “Hey, why don’t you come by my club? You don’t even
gotta pay the request fee. It’ll be a safe space, away from this old perv and his friend.”
Kasuga glared at the man, as did Haruka. “‘Old perv?’” he questioned. “I mean, old, sure,
whatever, but…”
“Sorry to keep you away from a sale, but I’m not interested,” Saeko scoffed.

“A sale? I just said, you get in for free,” the host denied.
“Yeah, yeah, I work in the business, I know how it works,” Saeko said, rolling her eyes. “I get in
for ‘free’, and then you order a bunch of expensive drinks on my tab. Do you think I don’t know
how host clubs operate?”
“Tch. Whatever, bitch. I’m trying to help you. My fault for approaching an old maid, I guess.” The
host started to walk away to find a different customer, but Kasuga grabbed his arm. “Huh? Hey, let
go of me, asshole!”
“Is that any way to talk to a woman?” he growled. “She’s not an old maid, and she certainly ain’t a
bitch.”
“Apologize to her,” Haruka added in a low, threatening tone. “Now.”
The host cast an annoyed glare at Saeko. “Can you call off your attack dogs, please? I have places
to be.”
Saeko crossed her arms and walked towards the scuffle. “Come on, you two, I don’t need you
fighting my battles for me.”
Kasuga sighed and let go of the man, embarrassed. “Sorry, Sa-chan…”
“Yeah…” Haruka muttered, equally as embarrassed. “Sorry.”
“Thank you,” the host scoffed. “Sheesh, this town is full of assholes...”
“I agree completely,” Saeko nodded. “And I can take care of them myself.”
“Huh?”
Glaring at the host, Saeko yelled out as she hit him with a jumping roundhouse kick, sending him
flying across the bridge, blood spewing from his now broken nose. Kasuga’s eyes widened. “Ah!”
“Sa-chan!” Haruka exclaimed.
“Agh, my nose!” the host growled as he stood up. “I think it’s broken! The fuck is wrong with you,
you crazy bitch?!”
“What’s gotten into you, Sa-chan?” Kasuga asked.
“I said I don’t need you two fighting my battles,” Saeko reminded them. “I’d much rather be by
your side for them. Wouldn’t you rather be by mine?”
“Huh? You mean… together?”
“Of course together!” Saeko replied. “If some jerk is pissing me off, I don’t need you guys to beat
him for me. I want you to beat him with me.”
Kasuga smiled. “Ah, I got you…”
“I don’t know exactly what it is I want,” Saeko admitted as the host’s friends arrived to back him
up. “With either of you. Ichiban… Haruka… The truth is that I care about you both. Whether that

means as friends, or something more than that… I’m not sure anymore. I can admit that. What I am
sure of is that above any of that, we’re a team. And that means we take care of assholes together.
Right?”
Haruka nodded. “Right!”
Chuckling as he cracked his knuckles, Kasuga faced the group of angry hosts approaching the trio.
“Well then… Why don’t we show these guys what teamwork is all about?”
HOSTILE HOSTS
With a quick visual distortion and several flashes of light, the hosts—five in total—transformed,
holding up bottles of champagne for all to see as their eyes emitted a red glow. “The battle is on!”
Kasuga yelled as he twirled his bat in the air, before resting it over his shoulder in a heroic pose.
Haruka moved first, attacking a host with a right hook, a low leg sweep which launched him into
the air, and a high roundhouse kick powerful enough to send him across the arena. Saeko followed
that attack up with a spinning kick on the downed enemy.
She then set her sights on the host that had initially offended her, who was guarding against any
potential attacks; to get around this, she grappled him, causing him to lose his balance, and then
pressed a powder puff into his face, hard, sending him spinning in the air and causing him to fall
face first onto the hard ground below. “Bet you’re sorry now,” she spat.
Kasuga moved next, and with a swift swing of his bat, sent a host flying towards Haruka, who
caught him in midair with a roundhouse kick, sending him in another direction. Saeko followed up
with another kick while he was down, taking him out of the fight and leaving four hosts left.
One of those four swung his champagne bottle hard over Kasuga’s head, damaging him
significantly. Another approached Haruka with a mostly-timely surprise… a birthday cake! She had
forgotten all about her birthday, which came and went over the past month to no fanfare. How
wholesome!
“Happy birthday!” the man sneered as he slammed the cake into Haruka’s face as hard as he could,
sending her flying backwards into Saeko and knocking them both over.
As Saeko stood up, the third host shook his champagne bottle and sprayed its contents all over her,
drenching her in alcohol; were it not for her strong (and concerning) alcohol tolerance, she’d have
become inebriated just from this attack. Regardless of that, it still wasn’t a fantastic feeling.
The fourth host made a suave gesture with his fingers and quickly reached out to Haruka. She was
undamaged by this attack, but that wasn’t the goal, as she soon found out; the host had stolen
¥85,151 from her pockets! “Serves me right for carrying that much at once, I suppose…” she
muttered. Of course, she had earned most of that fighting thugs here in Sotenbori, so she supposed
she could make it back rather quickly by beating these guys…
“We’re outnumbered,” Saeko groaned. “Real gentlemanly, ganging up on us like that…”
“There has to be some way for us to take them all out quicker than this,” Kasuga said. “Come on,
guys. Teamwork, right?”
This gave Haruka an idea, and her eyes widened. “Ah! I’ve got it!” She was having a
REVELATION! She came up with a new skill on the spot, one she could use any time Kasuga and

Saeko were both in the party with her. “You’ll be sorry!” she yelled at her opponents.
One of their enemies ran at Saeko to punch her. Kasuga jumped in to defend her with a swift punch
to the man’s jaw. “I’ve gotcha, Sa-chan!” he said as he grabbed her hand. “I’ll always be here for
you!”
“Actually, I will!” Haruka exclaimed as she kicked another attacker and grabbed her other hand.
Saeko sighed. “You two…” She glared at the four men before them, who all ran at the group in
unison.
TAG TEAM: TWO FOOLS AND A PRIESTESS
“When it comes to kicking ass…” Using Haruka and Kasuga as anchors, Saeko kicked herself off
of the ground and jumped into the air, knee first, knocking a host out with a swift knee to the face.
“…there’s enough to go around!” They pulled her back towards them, letting her kick off of the
ground and get even more air, taking out another host with a powerful dropkick. “Together, okay?”
she said to the others when she landed between them again, earning her a nod from both. She ran
towards the remaining two enemies and delivered a sliding kick, launching both of them in the air.
Haruka and Kasuga then ran forward and jumped into the air to catch them with their own kicks,
Kasuga on the enemies’ right and Haruka on their left. The air kicks sent the enemies flying into
each other, taking them both out simultaneously as they were crushed by the force of the kicks.
They fell into a pile.
“Did I do good, Sa-chan?” Kasuga asked.
“Well…”
“How about me?” Haruka prodded. This caused Saeko to sigh.
“It’s not a contest…” she muttered with a roll of her eyes.
The battle came to an end following the end of this attack, with all of their enemies lying in pain on
the floor. Saeko approached the pile of bodies and knelt over. “Just some advice for next time…
you came on a bit strong,” she chuckled as she stood up. “That goes for them… and for you two.”
Haruka and Kasuga seemed confused. “Huh?” Kasuga asked. “Whaddya mean?”
Suddenly, Saeko seemed angry with both of them. “Ugh! You asked me to marry you on the first
date, stupid!” she exclaimed. “Who does that?!”
“Uh… I do, I guess?” Kasuga muttered as he flinched, shrinking ever so slightly as Saeko berated
him.
“And you!” Saeko continued, now directing her ire at Haruka. “Give a girl a warning of more than
five seconds before you decide to start swapping spit with her!”
“It was a bit sudden, huh…?” Haruka pouted.
“Seriously, what am I going to do with you two…?” Saeko moaned, pinching her nose bridge.
“You’re both hopeless romantics with zero ability to read the room. You’re both separated in age by
about two decades, yet you’ve both got the same emotional maturity, one of you has commitment
issues, the other one seems to not even know what she wants, you both are crazy and see monsters

when you fight, and somehow, neither one of you knows how to say the three words that I actually
want to hear!”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow and glanced at Haruka, who shrugged her shoulders, also confused.
“Uh… what three words?” Kasuga asked.
“Let’s get lunch?” Haruka asked.
“Unbelievable,” Saeko grumbled, shaking her head. “…But I promised myself I wouldn’t yell at
you guys the next time I saw you…” she muttered, her tone softening. “After all… It’s not like I’m
perfect, either. I have communication problems… I’ve got a short temper… I’m a bit of an
alcoholic… And I don’t even know what I want. Because despite everything… It’s impossible for
me to totally rule out anything with either of you.”
This admission shocked both of the other parties to the conversation. “You mean… there’s still a
chance?” Kasuga asked.
“For both of us?” Haruka added.
“I don’t know, maybe,” Saeko admitted. “I just don’t know right now. The thing is… I did a lot of
thinking while we were separated. Ichiban… In a town where everyone’s got some kind of angle,
some kind of ulterior motive, you had none. You helped me when I was at a low point in my life.
You didn’t ask for any rewards, you didn’t try to leverage that into some kind of sleazy request…
All that you asked for was my friendship. I still don’t think you have any idea how impactful that
was.” Turning to Haruka, she continued. “And Haruka… Hmph. I guess I’m still not sure about
you. I can’t pretend I haven’t thought about it. Even though you have your own shit to worry about,
you can’t help yourself from helping others. Whether it’s those ex-Tojo rejects, that foreigner in
Ijincho, or the Gondawaras, or even me… It seems like you’re always setting aside your own
happiness to make sure others can be. Who wouldn’t be charmed by you, I guess?
“And yet, despite the admirable qualities you both have… I’m still not sure about my own
feelings,” she finished. “Does that make me a bad person?”
Kasuga chuckled. “Come on, don’t be like that. You can’t control how you feel. And frankly, you
don’t owe either of us shit.”
Haruka nodded. “Agreed. Sa-chan, I think I speak for both of us when I say… We just want you to
be happy. No matter what that entails.”
“And if you’re not sure yet, we’ve got no right to push you in either direction,” Kasuga added.
“Besides, with Haruto-kun still being missing and all, this… probably isn’t a good time for all of
this relationship drama BS.”
Haruka seemed to be in agreement. “Yeah.”
Saeko sighed in relief and nodded. “I’m glad you two agree. And… I’m sorry. For not having my
shit together yet… and for being bad at communicating.”
“That said… Don’t think that either of us is done fightin’ for you, yet,” Kasuga continued.
“…What?”

Kasuga grinned widely. It was a smile that could melt most hearts… or cause great shame to
whoever the smile was directed at, depending on the words that followed. “Because one day, when
all is said and done, you’ll have to choose… And I’m gonna make sure you pick me!”
Haruka chuckled. “There’s just one problem with that plan, Kasuga… I intend to fight just as hard,
which means when all is said and done, I will be the victor!”
“And I wouldn’t have it any other way!” Kasuga said, turning to Haruka with a smile. “If you ain’t
fightin’ with everything you’ve got, it’s not a fight at all! Don’t give up, now… Because I want my
victory to be hard-earned!”
“Likewise, Kasuga.”
“You hear that, Sa-chan? You’ve got two heroes fighting to be your champion! Doesn’t that make
you proud?” He received no response. “…Sa-chan?”
Kasuga and Haruka turned to where Saeko was, only to see that she was halfway down the street,
storming off in embarrassment. “Ah! Sa-chan!” Haruka called out as she started after her.
Kasuga called out as well. “H-hey! Wait up! What’s wrong?! Was it something we said?!” Passerby
looked on with interest as the fools followed their maiden, who continued to put distance between
herself and them.
Saeko Mukoda has rejoined the party!
***
A piece of trash crunched under Joongi Han’s boot as he walked a seemingly empty alleyway in
Osaka’s warehouse district. He had told Kiryu he was searching for information, but truthfully? He
was brooding. Spending so much time basically stalking Haruka Sawamura, along with the
knowledge of the trials his predecessor had a hand in putting her through six years ago, was starting
to get to him, and he needed some time to simply sulk. Of course, that didn’t mean he couldn’t
gather information on the side.
And yet, so far, he was coming up short. Tempting as it was to call Seonhee and seek guidance, he
couldn’t bring himself to do so. It would have been a projection of weakness, or that was what his
years in the Jingweon Mafia had taught him, anyway.
It was then that he heard a can being kicked across the ground. His eyes narrowed. “Hmph… you
can’t sneak up on a shadow,” he muttered underneath his breath as he slowly reached into his
raincoat, pulling a loaded handgun out of its hidden holster. Readying himself for combat, he held
the gun out in front of him and turned a corner, barrel pointed directly at what would be a forehead,
if the person he had been confronting were an adult man.
Instead, he saw nobody directly in front of him. Glancing downwards, he instead saw a small figure
hiding behind a trash can. “Huh?” Joongi said. “Wait…” He turned on his handgun’s tactical
flashlight, shining light into the alleyway. It was a small child, cowering behind the can. This boy
was… “Haruto Sawamura.”
Haruto looked up at the man, fear evident in his eyes. “S-stay away…” he begged.

Joongi sighed and lowered his gun, kneeling to Haruto’s level. “Haruto-kun… You needn’t worry.
I’m here to take you home.” He held his hand out for him with a smile on his face. “My name is
Joongi Han. You remember me, don’t you? I’m a friend. We raced at the Pocket Circuit track down
in Okinawa.”
Haruto remembered his face, alright.
It was the face from his nightmares.
The silver-haired man that haunted his dreams.
“Why are you following me?” Haruto asked.
“I know this whole thing must have been scary… but I’m one of the good guys,” Joongi told him,
hand still outstretched. “You can trust me, Haruto-kun. I won’t let anything bad happen to you.”
Haruto shook his head again, then looked into Joongi’s eyes, searching them for any sign of deceit.
But he could find none.
“I’m going to protect you… and I’m going to get you home,” Joongi reiterated. “I promise.”

Chapter End Notes

I sat on this one for a while because I just wasn't happy with it. I personally feel like Saeko,
and by extension her relationship with Ichiban, was handled really poorly in Infinite Wealth,
which bummed me out because she was among my favorite new cast members in Like A
Dragon, and as this little arc has gone on I've grown more and more worried about repeating
some of those same mistakes here as well.
Oh well. The whole party is almost here now. Haruka, the Heroes of Tomorrow, Yagami's
gang...
...there's just one person missing, isn't there?

Chapter 61: Haruto and Joongi Han
Joongi Han knelt before a very cold and very frightened Haruto Sawamura, the two seemingly at an
impasse. Joongi needed Haruto to come with him, but Haruto was reluctant to do so—and who
could blame him? After all, as an infant, Haruto’s life was repeatedly endangered by a man that
looked just like him.
Of course, his nose was a bit different from his predecessor, but he couldn’t reasonably expect the
boy to remember the small details, considering how young he had been. “Haruto-kun… I
understand you’re scared,” Joongi said. “And… I understand that… you may have met somebody
who looks a whole lot like me, and that that person may have tried to hurt you. But… All I want is
your safety. I owe it to Kiryu-san, for all that he’s done for my friends.”
The invocation of Kazuma Kiryu’s name surprised Haruto, and he swallowed his fear long enough
to press on it. “Huh? W-wait… Kiryu? As in, Kazuma Kiryu? You knew grandpa?”
Joongi raised an eyebrow. “Hm? Ah, yes… Kazuma Kiryu is… Er, was a great friend.” Right.
Haruto-kun believes Kiryu-san to be dead. I must maintain that facade… for now, anyway.
Which meant Joongi would be unable to regroup with Kiryu, Taichi, and Sugiura. This presented a
bit of a pickle. As he considered his next moves, he heard Haruto’s stomach growl. “Heh… You
must be hungry, huh? Let’s get you something to eat.”
Haruto seemed hesitant. “I don’t know…”
“It’s dangerous for you to be wandering the city by yourself,” Joongi said. “As I’ve said, all I want
is to see you returned safely to your mother. We can look for her together. But you really should eat
something, first. Come. I’ll buy you whatever you like.”
Haruto looked into Joongi’s eyes, once again looking for any sign of deceit, and once again, he
could find none. “Okay…” he said uneasily. “Han-san, right?”
Joongi chuckled. “Haha. Joongi is fine.”
Haruto nodded. “Right. Joongi. Okay, then. I’ll come with you… for now…”
Joongi nodded with a smile, and soon they were on their way.
***
As Joongi and Haruto walked the streets of Sotenbori looking for food, Haruto glanced around at
the bright lights in awe. “Wow… Hey, mister… Er, Joongi… Where are we, anyway?”
“Sotenbori, Osaka.”
“Osaka?”
“Yes. I assume you’ve never been? It’s quite a distance from your home in Okinawa.”

“Yeah… I’ve only been to Hiroshima. Well, and Tokyo, my mom says, but I was a baby. I don’t
really remember it.”
Joongi nodded. “Yes, I understand your father was from Onomichi.”
“Yeah. He passed away a couple of years ago, so it’s just been mom and I… but I got to meet his
family last year.”
Joongi chuckled. “Did you now?”
“Yeah! All of his brothers. My uncles, I guess, but… I don’t think they were actually related. Mom
told me dad was an orphan, and that they were a different kind of family.”
Joongi nodded. Haruto-kun is growing more relaxed. That’s good.
As they spoke, Haruto spotted a burger place. “Say, mister… I could go for a big, juicy burger!”
Joongi glanced at the restaurant. “Big Bang Burger”, the sign read. He recognized the brand, but…
“Huh. Are you sure? There’s a lot of great local food in Osaka.”
Haruto nodded. “Yeah! I think I want a burger!”
~Substory 12: A Good Cause~
Joongi chuckled. “Hehe. Alright. Let’s head inside. Says here they just opened. We might be their
first customers.”
As they stepped into the restaurant, Joongi was stopped by a heavyset man in cargo shorts. “Hey,
have you heard the secret about this place?” he asked.
Joongi furrowed his eyebrows. “Secret? No, I don’t believe I have.” What could it have been?
Joongi had heard rumors about shady conduct by Okumura Foods, the parent company, but…
The man grinned. “Their hamburgers are good for your health! Hahaha!”
Joongi’s eyebrows then arched in confusion. “Uh… right. Thank you for that… helpful bit of
information.”
“No problem, pal! Always happy to preach the gospel!”
Joongi and Haruto entered and approached the counter. “Welcome!” the cashier greeted with a bow.
Aside from her fast food uniform, her most notable physical trait was her kind face, followed very
closely by her curly brown hair. “Tonight is the grand opening of Sotenbori’s first Big Bang Burger
location! To celebrate, we’ve got a variety of deals ongoing all throughout the week. Kids eat free,
too!”
Joongi smirked. “You picked a good spot, Haruto-kun. Say, you don’t sound like you’re from
around here.”
The cashier chuckled. “Haha… ah… I’m actually from Tokyo. I came out here for the grand
opening.”
Joongi tilted his head. “Excuse me? Ah, you must be one of the higher-ups.”

“You… could say that.” As high up as you can get, really… not that I did anything to earn it. “Well,
anyway… Can I get you anything? We have a lot of brand new items on our menu today as well!”
Joongi put a finger to his chin and hummed in thought. “Hmm… Well, Haruto-kun? What will you
be having?”
Soon, the duo was sitting in the restaurant's upper floor, close to a window. A black cat with white
accents napped lazily on the windowsill, seemingly unbothered by the company except for a quick
glance their way as they sat down. After expressing his thanks for the food, Haruto eagerly chowed
down, a sight that was somewhat amusing to Joongi. “Hehe… You must have been starving.”
Haruto nodded and swallowed so as to not talk with a full mouth. “Yeah. I don’t think I’ve eaten
since… Huh. I don’t know if I actually remember. Some of my memories are just… blank.”
Joongi frowned and nodded. “Yeah… Some really scary things have happened to you over the last
couple of days. I suppose it’s for the best that you don’t remember any of it.”
Haruto put his burger down and tilted his head. “So, mister… how much do you know about what
happened?”
Joongi shook his head. “Unfortunately, not much. I was there when you were taken from your
home. That’s all I really know. Do you remember what happened before I found you?” The cat’s
ears twitched as the two of them spoke.
Haruto nodded. “Yeah. I woke up in the back of a car. Some lady and a couple of big scary guys
were digging a hole nearby. I had no idea what was going on, but… I knew I needed to get out of
there. So as soon as they weren’t looking, I got the door unlocked, and just… ran. I saw this city in
the distance, so I headed in this direction.” Slowly, the cat opened an eye and directed its gaze
Haruto’s way.
“That was very smart of you, Haruto-kun,” Joongi commended. “And also very brave. I can’t
imagine how scary it must have been. Hmph. Well, don’t worry. You’ll be home soon enough. I just
need to get you to Haruka.”
“You know my mom?” Haruto asked.
“Haha, uh… not really, no,” Joongi admitted. “I’ve been sort of working in the shadows on her
behalf. But, uh, I guess you don’t need to know all of the details of that. I do know that she’s in
Sotenbori looking for you as we speak.”
“So you don’t know her, but you knew my grandfather,” Haruto mused. “Did you work with him or
something?”
Joongi tilted his head inquisitively. “How much do you know about what Kiryu-san did for work?”
“Not much,” Haruto admitted. “Mom said it was really dangerous, though.”
“Well, that it was. Hmm… I suppose you could say… we were business rivals,” Joongi said with a
smirk. “I represented a… rival… uh… organization.” Okay… let’s try and avoid spinning stories on
the spot.

The cashier from earlier came upstairs and approached Joongi and Haruto’s table with a smile on
her face. “Hello! Are you two enjoying your food?”
Haruto smiled and nodded at her. “Uh huh! It’s delicious!”
“Oh, he’s so adorable…” the woman cooed. She crouched down to Haruto’s level to speak to him.
“I think I heard your father say your name was Haruto-kun, is that correct?”
Haruto nodded. “Yeah. But… this isn’t my dad.”
Joongi’s eyes widened. Ah… shit.
The woman tilted her head. “Hmm? Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to assume. An uncle, then?”
Haruto glanced at Joongi, very smartly realized that "I'm walking around with a total stranger" was
likely to cause problems, and then shrugged. “Sure."
The woman smiled and nodded. “Heh! Well, whatever the case, I’m glad to hear you enjoyed your
meal. Actually, this store is part of an experimental pilot program,” she explained. “We’re testing
new recipes with healthier ingredients. We even have plant-based alternatives for everything on our
menu now, and although test audiences responded well up in Tokyo, we weren’t sure how people
from Kansai would react.”
Joongi chuckled. “Haha… sorry to disappoint, but we’re not the target audience, then,” he said.
“Haruto-kun is from Okinawa.”
The woman hummed. “Hmm… Well, our new recipes haven’t reached Okinawa, yet, so this is
valuable data all the same.”
“You must be pretty high up in the company to be so interested in something like that,” Joongi
mused.
The woman’s eyebrows arched in surprise. “Oh! I didn’t even introduce myself! My name is Haru
Okumura. I’m actually the company’s majority shareholder and CEO.”
Joongi crossed his arms and smiled. “Ah… That explains things. Still, to see the owner of a
company come all the way out from Tokyo just to ensure one franchise’s grand opening goes well
is… Well, it’s not common.”
Haru nodded. “Yes. I was actually somewhat divorced from the company’s dealings until recently. I
was unexpectedly given ownership of the company after my father passed away in 2016. I was still
in high school at the time, so although I tried my best to be involved, I did have to lean on veterans
of the company quite a bit. I finished university last year and returned to the company full time. I
wanted to… change the public’s perception of the company, which had nosedived around the time
of my father’s death, and so with the consent of the board, I assumed a leadership role. The new
menu, if the public reacts well to it, will be my first major contribution to the company. We even
have a marketing campaign surrounding it ready to go.”
Joongi raised an eyebrow. “I’m intrigued. What’s the campaign?”
Haru smiled. “Have you heard the secret about our Big Bang Burgers?”
Joongi frowned. “What secret?”

“They’re good for your health!” Haru exclaimed, before laughing. “Hahaha…”
“Ah…” So then that man waiting outside was a part of the campaign? What a strange campaign.
Who signed off on this? “Well, that is quite admirable. You’re effectively changing the heart of the
company.”
Haru chuckled. “Hehe. You have no idea…”
Haruto took another bite of his burger and nodded happily. “Mm! It sure is yummy!”
“Surely the new ingredients cut into profit margins, though,” Joongi mused. “And with inflation
being what it is right now…”
“We’re profiting,” Haru countered. “That’s all that matters. To me, anyway… the other
shareholders may not entirely agree, but that’s why I opted to keep my majority ownership. Had I
sold my shares like I was originally advised, it would have made me unfathomably wealthy, but I
could have been vetoed on any decision or even removed from my position.”
“But as the majority shareholder, your vision is effectively the only one that matters,” Joongi
realized.
Haru shook her head. “Er… no. I still take everyone’s opinions into account. The other
shareholders, our advisory board, even the employees at the store level. But to me, the customer’s
opinion is most important. If it makes me a little less money, I’m perfectly okay with that. To be
perfectly honest with you, I already have more money than I could ever need, having inherited
most of my father’s assets.
“Still, it is a business, and at the end of the day it DOES still need to be profitable,” Haru conceded.
“So I set aside my dividend earnings from Okumura Foods and with that capital started a new
company earlier this year. It’s wholly owned by myself and advised by some of my closest friends,
so I have no shareholders to please and no bottom line to maintain.” She handed Joongi a business
card, which read:
Company Of Phantoms GK
A Partnership Amongst Friends
The logo on the card appeared to be an upside down top hat, out of which sprouted the skyline of
Shibuya Crossing in Tokyo, and Haru’s contact information sat just below that. “With that
company, I can focus on customer service at a more intimate scale without worrying about profits. I
plan to open my own cafe in Shibuya next year, where all of the coffee served is made with beans
personally grown by me!”
As Joongi read the card, an idea came to his mind. “Say… Okumura-san… You said you’re hoping
to change Okumura Foods’ reputation, right? I have a sort of… proposition for you.”
Haru raised an eyebrow. “Oh?”
Joongi chuckled. “Well, it’s just… I figure partnering with a charitable organization would be a
great way to show off the new Okumura Foods while also helping some people who really need it.
You may even earn tax incentives, which will please the shareholders.”

Haru’s eyes widened. “Oh! That’s a terrific idea! Did you have anything in mind?”
“Well… There’s this orphanage down in Okinawa that’s sort of fallen on hard times. The proprietor
has been looking for financial partners to provide increased funding. Might you be interested?”
“You mean… I’d get to put a smile on the faces of a bunch of adorable orphans?!” Haru exclaimed.
“Oh, I love that! Can you put me in touch with the orphanage’s director?”
Joongi nodded, smiling. “Your contact information is on this card, right? I’ll pass it along. She has
some… affairs to sort through first, but you should expect a call from her after the new year.”
Haru beamed and bowed with a smile. “Tell her I eagerly await her call. Uh… who am I waiting
on, anyhow?”
Joongi frowned. “Uh…” Given Haruka’s current status, giving her name out may be a bad idea…
“Haruka Sawamura!” Haruto beamed. This exclamation startled the cat. Its head perked up and it
stared at Haruto wide-eyed.
Haru frowned. “Hmm? Now, I know I’ve heard that name before somewhere…”
Joongi sighed. “Uh… She… shares a name with a pop idol from here in Osaka. I’m sure that’s
where you heard the name.”
Haru shook her head. “Hm, no, I don’t think so… As I said, I’m from Tokyo. I think I heard the
name on the news…”
The cat let out an agitated “meow”, for some reason. Seemingly right after, Haru’s eyes widened,
having remembered exactly where she heard the name. “A-ah?! But that means…!”
Haruto tilted his head. “What does it mean, miss?”
Haru composed herself shortly after. “Ah… I just realized… Our names share a character, don’t
they? Haru, Haruto, and Haruka. That’s quite a funny coincidence.”
Haruto raised an eyebrow. “Uh… okay?” He leaned in close to Joongi and whispered “This lady’s
sort of weird…” He turned back to Haru. “Is there a restroom in here, miss? I need to go.”
Haru nodded. “Yes. The door is back there.”
Haruto nodded and got out of his seat. “Thank you!” He ran to the bathroom, leaving Haru and
Joongi alone.
“Ngh…” Haru groaned. “So…”
“It’s not what you think,” Joongi sighed.
“Huh?”
“Haruka Sawamura. She didn’t do what they’re saying she did,” he explained. “She was framed.”
Haru’s expression softened. “…Framed, huh?” She glanced at the cat, whose own expression
seemed to soften.

Joongi nodded. “Yeah. That yakuza boss up in Tokyo… he was murdered by one of his own men,
and Haruka was set up to take the fall. All because she wanted to do the right thing. I don’t expect
you to believe me, but…”
“No, I… I think I do,” Haru admitted. “You see, I… Well, uh, some friends of mine went through a
similar ordeal a few years ago. So… I can sort of relate. I take it Haruto-kun doesn’t know?”
Joongi shook his head. “I don’t think so. I believe his family has been sheltering him from the
news, and I want to keep things that way. So could you do us a favor and… not mention that you
saw us to anyone? The truth is that Haruto is being hunted by some very dangerous people. I’m
trying to get him to safety.”
Haru tilted her head, and a certain… look entered her eyes. “What’re their names?” she asked.
“Huh?”
“The people who framed Haruka, and the people who want to hurt Haruto-kun,” Haru clarified.
“Do you know their names?”
“I’d rather not say any more than I already have,” Joongi muttered. “Look, I don’t know what
you’re thinking, but… It’s really best that you don’t get involved.”
Haru stared at Joongi for a bit longer. “…Alright. I trust you. So… You say I can expect a call from
Haruka after the new year?”
Joongi nodded. “Hopefully all of this… unpleasantness will be resolved by then.”
Haru smiled once more and laughed. “Hehe! I’m looking forward to it!”
Haruto came back from the restroom and sat back in his seat, ready to finish his burger. It was only
at this point that he noticed the cat behind him. “Huh… say, miss? Is this your cat?”
“Ah, you mean Mona-chan?” Haru said with a grin. “Ah, well, Morgana, actually. He’s not my cat.
He actually lives with a friend. But I just KNEW he’d love the food down here in Osaka, so I asked
if I could take him with me for the business trip. …Do you wanna pet him?”
Morgana’s eyes widened, and he shook his head.
“He loooves kids!” Haru cooed. “And he loves when they squish his face! Don’t you, Mona-chan?”
Morgana meowed loudly. One would almost think he was glaring at Haru. Of course, cats always
sort of look like they’re glaring. Surely he’d be pleased to have Haruto squish his face… right?
Pleased or not, it was happening. Haruto grabbed the cat and petted him all over, much to Haru’s
amusement. “Hehe! We only have a dog at home,” Haruto said as he squished Morgana’s face.
“Hiii, Mona-chan! My name is Haruto! Oh, he’s such a good boy…” He held the kitty close and
squeezed him tight.
Morgana glared directly into Haru’s soul. He let out a low noise that could almost be mistaken for a
growl, causing Haru to laugh. “Oh, gentle now!”
Joongi’s eyebrows arched with worry. “Uh… Okumura-san, your cat seems… annoyed.”

Haru chuckled. “Hehe… He loves it. Don’t you, Mona-chan~?”
The cat let out a resigned sigh and went limp, ceasing his pointless struggle. Evidently, Haru found
this hilarious, and she laughed heartily. “Oh, Mona-chan! Hahahaha!”
~Substory End~
***
Joongi and Haruto left Big Bang Burger with full bellies and full hearts. “Haha… That was fun,
wasn’t it?” Joongi asked. Although, I’m surprised the cat didn’t scratch you… he thought to
himself. That cat looked pissed. “Are you feeling a little better?”
Haruto nodded. “Yeah. Thanks, Joongi. You’re… not so bad.”
“Hmph. I’m glad you think so.” They stepped down onto the footpath and approached a bench
overlooking the water. “Come. Let us sit for a moment. I need to figure out our next move.”
Haruto nodded as he sat next to Joongi. “We need to look for my mom now, right?” he asked, to
which Joongi nodded.
“Yeah. Well, actually, I already know where she’s been hiding out,” Joongi clarified. “I’m taking
you there, next. I’m just wondering if I should call ahead… Contacting Seonhee may be risky right
now…” Joongi’s musings were interrupted by the audible sound of Haruto’s breath catching. “Hm?
Haruto-kun, is everything alright?”
Haruto slowly pointed across the river. “Mister… that’s…”
Joongi narrowed his eyes at the subject of Haruto’s gaze.
It was Chihiro Watanabe, smoking a cigarette on the other side of the river.
And she was looking straight at them, her eyes wide with surprise.
Joongi’s heart sank. “Haruto-kun…” he said softly. Chihiro tossed her cigarette into the river and
started making her way back up to street level. “We need to move,” Joongi ordered as he moved to
pick Haruto up.
Haruto nodded. “Uh huh!” He allowed Joongi to carry him, and together they booked it opposite to
the direction Chihiro was running. Joongi pushed past several civilians, who were angered by his
rudeness.
“Hey!”
“Watch where yer goin’, asshat!”
“Dickhead…”
Joongi turned south onto the Bishamon Bridge and started running towards Shofukucho, intent on
leaving Chihiro in the dust.
***

Haruka, Kasuga, and Saeko walked along East Shofukucho searching for clues. Nanba and
Seonhee had joined the search as well, so one could be forgiven for thinking a gang was stalking
the streets. Onlookers kept their distances. “We really stand out, Haruka-chan…” Kasuga muttered.
“I don’t care anymore,” Haruka admitted. “I’ve gotten used to it.”
“Heh. Well, if you’re alright with it…” As the group turned into Shofukucho proper, they heard a
commotion from the western end of the street. “Hmm? Somethin’ going on?” As if to answer his
question, Kasuga watched Joongi Han push past a crowd and continue running. “H-huh?!”
“Joongi?!” Seonhee uttered in shock. “What’s he—?”
Haruka gasped. There was a boy in his arms. Time seemed to slow down as the man ran past, with
her child in his arms. “Haruto…?!” Another woman pushed past the same crowd, following Joongi
and Haruto. “Ngh… Get back here!” Haruka called out as she too gave chase.
Kasuga, Saeko, Nanba, and Seonhee’s eyes widened. “Uh! Haruka-chan!” Nanba called out. “Wait
up!” The group followed Haruka, giving chase as she herself chased Joongi Han, with an awkward
meeting sure to come…

Chapter 62: Prelude to Beauty
Joongi Han dashed out of the southern end of Sotenbori and through the streets of greater Osaka
with Haruto Sawamura in tow. “Don’t worry, Haruto, I’ve got you…” he said as he held the boy
tight.
Following close behind those two was Chihiro Watanabe, who reached into her jacket and pulled
out a handgun. But she couldn’t get a clear shot at Joongi, who serpentined between people, cars,
telephone poles, whatever he could to shake her, and even if she could, there was no way she’d be
able to guarantee she wouldn’t hit Haruto too, which would be very, very bad. “Damn it… get back
here!” She stowed the gun away and kept running.
Behind her was Haruka Sawamura, who managed to outpace her allies thanks to her superior
footwear. The Heroes of Yokohama would do well to note that high heels and dress shoes are not
appropriate footwear for such situations, and Nanba’s boots were far too worn out for such activity.
Making sure not to lose Haruka, Kasuga phoned Adachi and updated him on the situation. “Adachisan! Is Zheng still there?”
“Afraid not,” Adachi lamented. “He started getting antsy. He thinks a Saio assassin is gonna come
for him any minute. He demanded we take him to Yokohama ASAP. Higashi and Akiyama just
boarded the train with him and Amasawa; she’s gonna keep questioning him on the way up there.”
“Perfect,” Kasuga responded. “I need all hands on deck! Get Zhao, Yagami, and Kaito and meet us
at the docks! We found Haruto, Joongi’s got him… but Chihiro-chan is hot on their trail, and I’m
sure other triads are on the way! We’ve got one hell of a fight on our hands, I think!”
“Shit,” Adachi groaned. “Alright, we’re on our way. Be careful!”
“Likewise,” Kasuga said before ending the call and continuing his pursuit of Haruka in pursuit of
Chihiro in pursuit of Joongi. “Damn, how fast can this girl run?!”
“Pretty damn fast!” Saeko exhaled. “I should know! Nan-chan, Seonhee, and I have been struggling
to keep up with her since she came to Ijincho! Apparently, she used to participate in some kind of
chase show back when she was in the business! I imagine this isn’t much different!”
“Plus, that’s her kid,” Nanba reminded them. “I’d be running like hell too.”
Kasuga dialed one more number and pressed his phone to his ear. “It’s me! We found Haruto! Head
to the docks! Be careful; Haruka is there.” He ended the call immediately and pocketed his phone.
“And just who was that?!” Saeko asked.
“Take a wild guess!” Kasuga responded.
***
Kiryu stared at his phone screen in shock at Kasuga’s call. “What is it, Uncle Kaz?” Taichi asked.
“It’s Haruto,” Kiryu said. “They found him, but it sounds like they’re in trouble.” He looked at
Taichi and then Sugiura, and then nodded. “This is it. We need to move out. Let’s go!”

Sugiura and Taichi nodded, and they followed him south.
***
Haruka continued to chase Chihiro and, by extension, Joongi Han through the streets. A car honked
at them as they ran out into an intersection. Joongi jumped over the car’s hood and kept running
without losing any speed. Chihiro slid over the hood. The driver figured it was safe to go and
started out again, bumping into Haruka as she ran past and knocking her off-balance. “My fault,
sorry!” she apologized, though she dared not linger and kept running. “I need to stop getting hit by
cars,” she muttered to herself—before nearly getting hit by another one as she crossed the next
road.
“Haruka-chan, wait up!” Kasuga called out. As he crossed the road, a van whipped around him,
Saeko, Nanba, and Seonhee and kept driving, catching up with Joongi and crossing over into the
oncoming lane on Joongi’s left. The van adjusted its speed to keep a steady pace with him, and the
driver’s side window rolled down, revealing Sugiura to be the insane driver.
“Joongi, where are you headed?” he asked.
“The docks!” Joongi replied. “Can you guys meet me there?”
Sugiura nodded and rolled the window back up, then crossed back into the left lane to narrowly
avoid colliding with an oncoming car and sped off, turning towards the docks at the next available
opportunity.
Chihiro scowled at the van as it drove away. Kiryu, she realized. He was almost certainly in that
van. This was bad. The Daidoji were closing in.
They weren’t the only ones, however. Joongi ran past an alleyway, and as Chihiro ran past the same
alley, she heard a deep voice yell out. She turned her head just in time to see and avoid a dropkick
from Masaharu Kaito, who landed on the ground beside her and stood back up, his right fist by his
chin and his left hand resting by his thigh. “Chihiro Watanabe, I presume! Nice meetin’ ya! Name’s
Kaito. I’d really like to not hurt your pretty face, but trust me, we will. Tak, now!”
Chihiro’s eyes widened as she turned 180 degrees and ducked in time to dodge a high kung fu kick
from Takayuki Yagami. She pulled her gun out, but Yagami kicked it out of her hand. Haruka ran
past the fight. “Thanks Yagami-san, Kaito-san!” she yelled out as she ran.
“Thank us by bringin’ Haruto-kun home!” Kaito called after her, before turning his attention back
to Chihiro. “Now. As for you…”
Chihiro took up a battle stance and glared at Kaito. “I will kill the both of you if I have to.” She
turned her head to Yagami, who stood on her other side. “Do not underestimate me.”
Kaito smirked. “Heh. And here I thought this was gonna be boring.”
“They never wanna do things the easy way,” Yagami sighed. “Are you ready, Kaito-san?”
“Always am, Tak!”
“Chihiro-chan!” a dopey voice rang out from nearby. Ichiban Kasuga and three of Haruka’s
companions—Saeko Mukoda, Yu Nanba, and Seonhee—approached. Kasuga crossed his arms and

sighed. “Come on, it doesn’t have to go down like this.”
“You’re making a big mistake, Kasuga,” Chihiro spat. “I’m Haruto Sawamura’s only shot at a
better life! If not for me, he’ll just end up a yakuza himself. His father was a yakuza, his
grandfather was a yakuza, and his mother is going to die in prison for that murder up in Tokyo!”
“I’m sure you believe that,” Kasuga responded, his tone and eyes still somehow soft. “And I’m not
gonna try and tell you that there won’t be hardships waiting for him later in life. Tell me this,
though. How’s keeping him in the Saio Triad’s gilded cage gonna do him any better? He’s the last
heir to the throne. For all you know, a bad actor is just waiting to take him out. I came from that
world, Chihiro-chan, I know how these things work! There’s probably a dozen other triads in the
chairman’s inner circle waiting for him to die so they can seize power themselves. That code of
honor the organization claims to abide by? It doesn’t mean shit to the ones who are that desperate
for power. He’s just a kid. He doesn’t deserve to have to spend the rest of his life looking over his
shoulder… no matter what your issues are with his family. And if you got issues with the yakuza…
take it out on me.”
Saeko’s eyes widened. “Ichiban?”
“You said Arakawa-san helped chase the Chinese out of Kamurocho after Little Asia burned down,
right?” Kasuga continued, ignoring Saeko. “I believe you. One hundred percent. As much as I like
to look back on my time in the family with rose-tinted glasses, at the end of the day, they were
yakuza. They had a bottom line to protect. Territory to hold onto. And they certainly didn’t call him
‘Arakawa the Assassin’ for nothing. So… on behalf of the Arakawa Family… I’m sorry. But
please… don’t continue that cycle! Don’t take Haruto away from his family! They don’t deserve
that!”
Chihiro’s eyes softened, and she averted her eyes from Kasuga’s gaze. “Tch… you idiot… Do you
try and talk every villain down before they try and kill you?”
Kasuga shrugged. “Call it a fatal flaw. So far, though, my track record is a hundred percent. The
young master came around, even if that door was slammed in his face…” He let out a dry chuckle
and looked up at the sky. “I gotta be honest with you… Losing Masato changed my perspective on
things. A lot. If I had gotten through to him even an hour earlier, gotten him to turn himself in the
second I walked into that office, maybe things would’ve been okay. So… yeah. I’ll shoot the shit
with the bad guys any day. Who knows… it might just save your life.
“But just so you know… You’ve got a long way to go before I can call you a proper villain,”
Kasuga laughed. “There’s a couple of people higher up on the ladder that take precedence. Right
now, you’re sort of like a… miniboss. …We heard about what Mabuchi made you do, to the
homeless guy that raised you.” Chihiro’s breath hitched. “I’m not gonna pretend I know what that’s
like, pulling the trigger on your old man like that. But I empathize. You and Haruka-chan… you
guys should be on the same side. It seems you’ve got a common enemy. So, come on. Won’t you
help us take care of things?”
Chihiro sighed and stared at the ground. “Hah… You really are a fucking moron, Ichiban… If you
want to talk about family... then there really should be no concerns."
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. "Huh? Whazzat?"
"Trust me, Kasuga... I'm all the family Haruto needs."

Kasuga took these words in, and as soon as he processed them, his eyes widened. "Huh? The hell
are you talkin' about?" And then, Chihiro turned and ran. "Hey! Hold up!"
Noticing a motorcyclist at the light, Chihiro sprang into action, grabbing him by his shoulders and
throwing him off of the bike, a black Suzuki Hayabusa sports bike. She revved the engine, and sped
off, weaving in and out of traffic in the direction of Haruka and Joongi Han.
"Shit!" Kasuga groaned.
"Well, we don't have time to waste," Yagami said. "After her."
Kasuga nodded. "Right!" Following Kasuga's lead, the party ran after her.
***
Joongi entered the docks and took a hard left into an open warehouse. “Hah… hah… I think we lost
her…” he said, out of breath. Hoping to catch his breath, he placed Haruto on the ground. “Are you
alright, Haruto-kun?”
Haruto nodded. “Yeah. Thanks, Joongi.” He looked around at the interior of the warehouse with a
raised eyebrow. Shipping crates were stacked around, though one look into an open, empty one told
him the place was effectively abandoned. “Where are we?”
Joongi shrugged. “Honestly? Beats me. I picked this place at random.”
“So… we’re lost.”
“We’re not lost!”
“But you just said you don’t know where we are.”
Joongi chuckled. “Okay… granted. But I know how to get back. Therefore: not lost.”
“Hmm… I don’t know…”
Suddenly, Joongi heard footsteps behind them. By analyzing the sound, he was able to deduce that
they were not dress shoes. Therefore, not Kiryu, and not Taichi. That only left Sugiura… or
Chihiro. “Somebody’s coming,” he said in a hushed tone. “Hide.”
Haruto nodded and retreated behind a shipping container, into the shadows. Steeling himself for the
potential battle to come, Han equipped his karambit knuckles and slowly turned around, ready for a
fight.
Only, upon gazing upon the face of the intruder, his tension eased. Haruka Sawamura was walking
into the warehouse, looking around suspiciously. “Haruka Sawamura,” Joongi called out. “What are
you doing here?”
Haruka narrowed her eyes at him. “Do we know each other?” she asked. “Wait…” Suddenly, a
memory came to her.
***

There she stood, nearly alone in a parking garage in Kamurocho, holding an infant in her arms.
Across from her, behind his car stood Shu Tatsukawa, of the Yomei Alliance. She knew him from
her days in Onomichi, but that didn’t mean she trusted him. Nonetheless, she came to see him as
she had very few other places to turn. “Alright,” she muttered. “You got me out here. What do you
want?”
Tatsukawa crossed his arms. “You are unsafe. You know this, right? Many dangerous people are
after your baby. Should’ve gotten rid of him the second you found out you were pregnant. I hate to
say I told you so, but…”
“If that’s all you had to say, I’m leaving.”
Tatsukawa scoffed. “You know, the Tojo Clan is in decline, even here in Kamurocho. They’re stuck
in an unwinnable war with the Saio Triad. They just lost a bunch of territory in Yokohama, too. The
Omi Alliance is closing in on Tokyo. And if that weren’t enough… The Jingweon Mafia is back in
town. Sooner or later, there’ll be nowhere you can hide.”
Haruka shook her head. “None of that has anything to do with me.”
“Oh but it does. Jimmy Lo is dead. That boy’s father is the next heir to the Saio Triad.”
“And?”
“And… Big Lo knows his son went and knocked up a Japanese girl,” Tatsukawa revealed.
Haruka’s breath hitched, and her eyes widened. “He’s ordered me to kill the both of you. But it
ain’t right. This might get me killed… but I’m willing to disobey my orders and get the two of you
to safety.”
Haruka considered her options. “I’m being stalked,” she revealed. “I’ve seen him a few times since
arriving in Tokyo. A Korean man, with silver hair and a flashy dress sense. He might even have
followed me here.”
Tatsukawa nodded. “Joongi Han. He’s the new owner of Stardust, and is running it as a Jingweon
Mafia front. Safe to say, then, that the Koreans already knows you're here, and they’re hoping they
can use your baby as leverage.”
Haruka narrowed her eyes. “You don’t seem surprised, or even concerned that somebody from the
Jingweon Mafia may have followed me here. Aren’t you worried about that?”
Tatsukawa raised an eyebrow. “Hmm? Oh, um… yes, that is quite concerning. Time is of the
essence. Please, get into my vehicle.”
Haruka took a slight step back. “No. I don’t like this. You’re up to something.”
“Are you serious? Get in the goddamn car.”
“No, I don’t think I will.” The two had a tense standoff. Haruto started to cry. And then—
Tatsukawa made his move. He stepped around his car and walked towards her, then tried to force
Haruto out of her arms. Haruka quickly kneed him in the groin as hard as she could—which was
pretty goddamn hard!—and ran as Haruto started to wail.
As she ran out of the garage, movement in her periphery caused her to turn her head to the left.

That silver-haired man—Joongi Han—was watching, mid-phone call. His eyes were wide; clearly,
this was not going to plan.
She needed to get away, so she kept running. As she ran towards Senryo Avenue, she heard a car
revving up behind her…
***
Haruka’s suspicious look turned into a pretty nasty glare. “You’re Joongi Han,” she growled as she
stepped closer to him.
“Huh? Oh, I suppose you’ve been told about me already. Hey… what’s that look for?”
“Where. Is. Haruto.”
Joongi’s eyes widened. “Huh?” Oh, shit. She thinks I’m the other Joongi Han. “Haruka, you’re
misunderstanding. I’m not—!”
“Eeyah!” Haruka yelled out as she threw a high roundhouse kick Joongi’s way. He dodged it, of
course, but the kick still caught him off guard, and he nearly lost his balance. “Where is my son?!”
she demanded.
“Haruka, I’m on your side! Haruto-kun is safe, I promise!” His pleas fell on deaf ears, however.
She quite plainly saw him as an enemy, and he slowly realized that nothing he could say right now
would get through to her. She was simply too enraged. “Ugh… fine. I can see you’re currently too
blinded by fury to listen to reason.” He sighed and got into his combat stance. “I would really
rather not fight you right now, but if that’s what it’ll take to get you to come to your senses… then
so be it.”
He raised an eyebrow as he analyzed her. Her combat stance was certainly her own, and her form
was all over the place, but certain things about the way she carried herself very much reminded her
of Kiryu. The way her right fist was raised by her chin. The way her left hand rested at her waist,
unclenched but ready to enter the fray if the situation called for it. The way she kept her back
straight even as she steeled herself for battle. This… was a dragon in the making. He chuckled.
“Heh… this should be interesting. I think I’m about to get a lot more than I bargained for, here.
Haruka Sawamura… Don’t hold back! I’ll be honored to bear witness to the birth of a new dragon
of legend!”

Chapter 63: Theory of Beauty
Haruka exhaled sharply, her eyes blazing with fury as she found herself going toe-to-toe against
Joongi Han. Her fists clenched, nails digging into her palms.
Joongi, on the other hand, looked calm as could be, his arms crossed over his raincoat. He smirked,
and the way his eyes analyzed her made it clear he was already three steps ahead of her. Her stance,
the way she moved, even the way she breathed—he was taking it all in. He chuckled and entered a
boxing stance, rolling his neck with an audible crack. “Alright then,” he said. “Come at me, Haruka
Sawamura.”
She didn’t hesitate. With a fierce cry, she lunged forward, whipping her right leg around in a high
roundhouse kick. Joongi swayed back just in time, the tip of her boot missing his face by a hair, the
wind pressure causing his platinum hair to ruffle slightly. But she could tell from the look on his
face that the near-miss was all part of the plan. She then got down and tried to sweep his legs,
though he leapt backwards and flipped over the crate behind him, causing her kick to smash that
instead, sending all sorts of items—knives and swords, mostly—scattering across their arena.
This was when a dangerous look entered Joongi’s eyes—a look of excitement.
He vanished behind the still-flying wood splinters, confusing her. Then, she felt a presence behind
her.
Joongi was there.
She whipped around clockwise with a left hook, and he dodged again, causing her to lose her
footing. But before she could fall, Joongi caught her wrist, his infuriating smirk widening.
JOONGI HAN
Joongi yanked her forward and hurled her behind him, though as he expected, she was able to land
on her feet and rolled back into position. Joongi became enveloped in a bright flash of light, though
no transformation took place. Instead, he re-entered his boxing stance, ready to fight for real. “Heh.
You’re pretty good. I’ll stop holding back, now.” He moved first, briefly assessing her stance before
moving in with a basic boxing combo, leading with a jab, followed by a rear cross, a short lead
uppercut catching her under her chin, and a rear overhead hook, which forced her to take a step
back.
Haruka retaliated aggressively, hitting him with a right hook and a leg sweep which launched him
into the air, following up with a high roundhouse kick, which sent him flying into a stack of crates
that shattered on impact. While he was down, she ran at him with a running kick, sending him
sliding against the floor a bit further.
He quickly rolled back up into his stance, cracking his neck with a chuckle. “Not bad, not bad…
You hit pretty hard, Haruka Sawamura. Almost as hard as him. But can you take what you can dish
out?” He ran at her with a left to right hook combo. She guarded against most of these though
failed to block the finisher, a rear lunging uppercut, which launched her into the air. She hit the
ground painfully and stood back up.

Suddenly, her eyes welled up with tears, and she fell backwards into a distracting pose. “Oh, please
go easy on me…!” she pleaded.
Joongi’s eyes widened. “Shit…” he muttered guiltily, stepping back and allowing his attack to fall.
He realized he had been tricked when he saw the smirk on her lips. “Tch… well-played.” As
Haruka stood up, Joongi ran at her with a quick lead hook, followed by a rear body blow. Even with
his attack power lowered, she staggered back from the force.
Haruka gritted her teeth and leaned into her imagination for her next attack. Suddenly, she was onstage at the Princess League again, a microphone in hand as she sang for her captive audience of
one.
ESSENCE OF GLOWSTICK FURY
“Are you ready? Go!
It’s your time to show
That you’re so much more than they could know…”
“Go get ‘em!” she ordered her most dedicated followers as the music blared behind her.
Joongi looked around. In front of him, and to each side, stood three very dedicated Haruka
Sawamura fans, who glared intensely at him, glowsticks in hand.
“Spread your wings and… fly!!!!!” the three of them shouted dramatically as they began to wave
the glowsticks to the rhythm of the music, before directing their energy to Joongi, hitting him
repeatedly with their improvised weapons, dealing a large amount of damage to him. All three of
them then hit him with one final synchronized downward swing, which sent the hitman to the
ground.
“You guys are the best!” Haruka said cutely as she returned to the realm of reality.
Joongi flew backwards. He stood back up, dusting himself off with a chuckle. “You really are a lot
stronger than you look.” He sounded amused, but impressed, and had a look in his eye that said he
was finally ready to take her seriously. Drawing his akimbo pistols, he unloaded a volley of bullets
at Haruka, each one hitting her for a painful amount of piercing damage. She avoided any lethal
hits, but the bullets did push her back.
Instead of taking her next turn, she simply held her stance, seemingly preparing herself for
something else. Joongi took the bait, running at her to attack. Whatever attack he was going to use,
it failed before he could even start; he realized too late that Haruka was preparing a Counter Hook,
with her fist meeting his jaw in mid-motion, sending him flying once more. Groaning, he staggered
upwards, rubbing his jaw. “You’ve got some bite…” he muttered. He threw a smoke bomb down
and disappeared, then, in another puff of smoke, reappeared behind her with a knife in hand. He hit
her with a weaving uppercut slash across her back, followed by a horizontal slash that knocked her
forward.
Breathing heavily as she stood up, bleeding and heavily damaged, she stomped forward. “I won’t
lose!”
ESSENCE OF ROADSIDE WEAPON

She punched Joongi twice in the gut, then clenched both of her fists and gripped his head, using
that as an anchor to thrust herself forward, smashing her knee into Joongi’s face, knocking him
over.
Panting, Joongi slowly rose, his breaths labored. He spat out a bit of blood that had been pooling
into his mouth and chuckled. “Wow… You don’t disappoint, Haruka Sawamura. You’re exactly
what I’ve come to expect from the daughter of Kazuma Kiryu.”
Haruka narrowed her eyes. “Excuse me?” An array of footsteps behind her stole her attention as
she turned to find Kasuga, Saeko, Nanba, Seonhee, Adachi, Zhao, Yagami, and Kaito rushing into
the warehouse. With a group that size she was surprised they didn’t have anyone tailing.
“Haruka-chan!” Kasuga called out. “Did you find… Chihiro…? Huh?” He looked around,
examining the mess and the bruised state that both Haruka and Joongi were in. “What the hell
happened here? You both look like shit.”
Joongi chuckled. “Heh… Just a bit of a misunderstanding, is all.”
Kaito narrowed his eyes and stepped forward. “Hey… ain’t you that Jingweon Mafia asshole that
took over Stardust, back in Kamurocho?”
“You’re half right,” Joongi responded, amused. “But also half wrong.”
“Huh? The hell’s that supposed to mean?”
Kasuga sheepishly rubbed the back of his neck. “Eh… Joongi? Did you even explain who you were
to Haruka-chan?”
“She didn’t give me a chance. Not that I blame her.”
Haruka raised an eyebrow. “What? Kasuga-san, do you know him?”
“Uh… The thing is… He’s actually a friend of ours.”
Haruka’s eyes widened. “What?”
Seonhee chuckled. “Do you remember, back in Ijincho, when I told you that we would be meeting
a man named Joongi Han, separate from the Joongi Han that tried to kill Haruto six years ago?”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. But this man is the Joongi Han from six years ago… isn’t he?”
Joongi chuckled and crossed his arms. “Haha… About that…”
One short explanation later—one that Haruka really felt like should have happened from the get go,
before things got to this point—she was fully up to speed. The man before her, currently known as
Joongi Han, was actually at least the third such man with that name and appearance. The Jingweon
Mafia, she learned, employed body doubles with surgically reconstructed faces on several
occasions. Some of these body doubles were employed for the purpose of infiltration. Such was the
situation in Kamurocho 16 years ago, when Stardust owner Kazuki was abducted by the Jingweon
and replaced with a fake.
Others, however, were there as a form of insurance and continuity. “Joongi Han” was a name
passed down generationally within the Jingweon; at any given time, it seemed, there were two. One

of these two acted as the “real” Joongi, while the other acted as his shadow, ready to step in either
to take a bullet, or, failing that, to take over as the “real” Joongi should the real one be killed—or,
in the case of the Joongi Han of 1999, disappear without a trace.
In 2016, with the death of the real Joongi Han and the cessation of the Jingweon’s Japanese
activities, this Joongi Han—once named Yeonsu Kim—became an outcast, with a homeland he
never knew refusing to accept him and Kamurocho becoming unsafe for the Jingweon.
“Eventually, I was picked up by the police,” he explained. “As it turned out, there was already a
community for Jingweon outcasts such as myself. These officers were actually Geomijul agents in
disguise, and I was taken to Ijincho, where I met Seonhee, and eventually became her right-hand
man.”
Haruka nodded. “I see. And that makes you one of Kasuga’s allies… But… I saw you running off
with Haruto.”
Joongi nodded. “Yes. I’ve actually been working behind the scenes to help secure Haruto’s return,
along with Fumiya Sugiura of Yokohama 99 and… Some other contacts. I’d have joined you
directly, but I was a bit concerned I would not be welcome within your party, considering…” he
trailed off, gesturing vaguely to his own face. “…Yeah. I figured things would get pretty awkward
pretty fast. I… do need to apologize.”
“Huh?”
“The thing is… The Joongi Han that you saw stalking you around Kamurocho six years ago, just
before your accident? That was me. Or one of them was.” He sighed. “The both of us followed you
around Kamurocho while Tatsukawa tried to get Haruto from you. I am greatly remorseful for my
role in that mess.” He closed his eyes and bowed his head shamefully. “I pray that you can find it in
your heart to forgive me.”
Kasuga chuckled, crossing his arms. “Shit… I don’t think I’ve ever seen this guy bow before. He
must really be sorry.”
Haruka sighed, approaching Joongi. “Don’t do that,” she muttered. “I attacked you before you
could even explain yourself. It’s me who should be sorry.”
Joongi opened an eye and looked up at her, a smirk growing on his lips. “Heh… I suppose we’re
even, then?”
Haruka nodded with a smile on her face. “Yeah. We’re even. But… where is Haruto?”
“I had him hide when you approached,” Joongi explained. “Couldn’t be sure you weren’t my other
pursuer. Chihiro Watanabe. Now that I think about it, you resemble each other quite a bit. I assume
you saw her?”
Haruka nodded. “I wanted to deck her, but you were the more immediate threat in my mind.”
Raising an eyebrow, she turned to the others. “Uh… Where is she, by the way?”
Kasuga frowned and crossed his arms. “Uh… She actually got away. We thought for sure she’d
beat us here. But, whatever, at least we found Haruto-kun.”

Joongi sighed and turned to the mess of a warehouse behind them. “You say that, but… He runs
fast. Realistically, he could be anywhere in this maze.”
Haruka chuckled. “I’ve learned to keep up with him. Come on. Let’s go find him.”
Joongi nodded. “Yeah. Lead the way.”
Haruka turned to Yagami and Kaito. “Can you two keep watch out here? We can’t be certain
Chihiro didn’t get here before us. I don’t want her slipping past us with Haruto.”
Kaito gave a thumbs up, and Yagami nodded. “Can do, Haruka-chan,” the more gorilla-like of the
two affirmed. “Come on, Tak. I need a smoke anyway.”
Yagami raised an eyebrow and followed Kaito. “Uh. Since when were you in charge…?”
And so, Haruka and her many allies ventured further into the warehouse while the two detectives
kept watch out front. Said detectives pulled out their preferred brands—Seven Stars for Yagami,
Marlboro for Kaito—and each placed a cigarette between their lips. Yagami then searched his
pockets for a lighter, but couldn’t find one. Luckily, Kaito had his; he held the flame up to Yagami’s
cigarette, lighting it for him. Yagami glanced at him, and chuckled. “Thanks.”
Kaito smirked and removed his cigarette from his mouth, exhaling a cloud of smoke. “Force of
habit, I guess. Back in the family, I was expected to be the one giving my anikis a light whenever I
was in the room.”
“Well, you’re not a yakuza anymore, so maybe it’s time to start breaking some old habits, huh?”
Kaito laughed and shrugged. “Sure. Next time I’ll let you hang around with an unlit cigarette
hanging from your lips like a dumbass.” He took another drag from his own and exhaled, then
glanced at the box in his hand. “…Richmond, Virginia.”
Yagami raised an eyebrow. “Hm?”
“It’s a city in America,” Kaito explained. “It’s where they make these. And every time you light
one up, you’re getting a little taste of Virginia tobacco.”
Yagami tilted his head and glanced at the side of the box. “…Hate to break it to you, but it says
right there that these were manufactured in Ibaraki.”
Kaito scoffed. “Tch. Okay, well, yeah, THIS box was. But, like, the company. They’re from
Richmond. I looked it up a while ago.”
Yagami chuckled. “Since when do you care about where your cigarettes come from?”
“Well, I don’t, not really,” Kaito sighed, a cloud of smoke escaping his lips. “But… You know,
I’m… sort of a family man now.”
“Right, Mikiko and Jun-kun, right? They moved in with you a few months back.”
Kaito nodded. “Yeah. Actually, this is… hopefully going to be my last box. I’m trying to be a good
influence on the boy, you know? He smokes too, and I’m puttin’ a stop to that. But I’d be a
hypocrite if I kept filling my lungs with this shit after making him stop. So… I already stopped

smoking at home. It’s a lot harder than I thought, but I’m down to my last box, and once this one’s
gone I’m not buying any more.”
Yagami nodded. “That’s admirable, Kaito-san. But what’s that got to do with where they came
from?”
“Oh, well, I’m trying to become more educated about the world,” Kaito explained. “Any time I see
a place mentioned that isn’t Japan, I look it up and see what’s there. See, Richmond’s got tobacco.
Go a little bit further north, and you’re in a place called Dulles. Something like two thirds of the
world’s internet traffic goes through there, I think.”
“Shit, really? That’s insane to think about.”
“Head across the river, and you’re in Washington, DC. The capital. That’s where the President
lives. In order from there you got Baltimore, which is where a lot of transatlantic shipping
happens… Uh… Philadelphia? I think they make good sandwiches there, or something… Then
there’s New York, obviously you already know about that place…
“A-anyway, I’m trying to learn about all of these different places because… Well, I wanna take
Mikiko and Jun on vacation soon. Somewhere overseas. So I’ve been looking up places in the US,
Europe… I mean, anywhere, you know? Right now I’m thinkin’ Hawaii. But maybe they’d rather
go somewhere on the continent. Los Angeles, maybe? I dunno. I’m just trying to… Show them I
mean it when I say I’m ready to step up and be a dad. And dads… take their families on vacations.
Uh… I assume. Not like my old man ever did anything for me. …I don’t wanna be perfect. I just
wanna be better than him.”
Yagami chuckled. “Hmph. Well, you’re off to a great start, I think.”
Kaito smiled—a rare, genuine, appreciative smile. “Heh. Thanks, Tak.”
The two smoked their cigarettes in silence as they kept watch. After a few moments, Kaito noticed
movement on some of the nearby rooftops. “Hm?” He glanced up above.
Three figures moved in the darkness, illuminated only by moonlight, jumping from rooftop to
rooftop. At the crest of their jump, the moonlight revealed that one of them wore a jester mask.
“Sugiura…” Kaito growled.
Yagami glanced up. He recognized the other two men with him. “Hmph. So he is with Joryu after
all… And that kid’s there, too.”
The trio landed on the warehouse’s rooftop. Kiryu looked around briefly, then motioned for the
other two to follow him to a ladder on the side of the building. “You think they know we’re here?”
Kaito asked.
“Most likely,” Yagami said, nodding. “It doesn’t look like they know we’ve spotted them, though.
Maybe more pressing, though, is those guys over there.”
Kaito raised his scarred eyebrow, and looked over to where Yagami pointed. “Huh?”
A black van was parked nearby. The windows were tinted, but Yagami could very faintly make out
a man sitting in the driver’s seat. Seemingly aware that he had been spotted, the man started the van

and pulled out of the alley, slowly, casually driving away. “Hm… Maybe that was nothing,”
Yagami muttered. “Still… I have the feeling we’ve got a lot of eyes on us right now…”
“Triads?” Kaito asked, to which Yagami shook his head.
“Nah. If it was, they'd have attacked us by now. I have a couple of theories. If Joryu, or Kiryu, or
whatever is here, then I’m sure others from the Daidoji Faction are here too.” Looking around to
see if he could spot any others, he continued “...I saw some logos on the crates in that warehouse.
Kirijo Group. They had some controversy in the nineties, but after a change in leadership in 2010,
they started receiving government contracts. Last year, they were contracted to develop equipment
for the JSDF. I wonder if that’s what they’re storing in there… It would explain all of the weapons
we saw.”
“So… what? We got the military watching things?”
Yagami shook his head. “Nah. I don’t think so. Still… I wonder what they’re keeping deeper in that
warehouse? Ah, it’s probably nothing. If there was something big in there, you’d think there’d be
armed security roaming the place.”
***
Within the warehouse’s depths, a lone security asset roamed the labyrinthian halls. Standing at
nearly four meters tall, the asset stomped its way around, scanning the area for hostiles to eliminate.
“AREA IS SECURE,” the asset said, its voice booming through a hi-fi speaker underneath its chin.
“PROCEEDING.” The asset continued on its patrol route, ready to destroy any who may intrude on
the warehouse…

Chapter 64: Yakushima Vibes
Chapter Summary

Apologies for the delay! I was moving. On the bright side: this may be my favorite arc of the
entire story so far! Lots of great stuff in here (at least I think so). Some people may dislike the
direction it takes, but they'll only be in here a few chapters, so please bear with me!

The group pressed on in their search for Haruto, wandering the labyrinthian halls of the warehouse
that he and Joongi Han had taken refuge within. Being so close now to him filled Haruka with
anticipation and joy… if only he wasn’t so good at hiding.
“Damn… where’d this kid get off to?” Adachi asked, scratching his head as he looked around.
Hearing Haruka chuckle, he raised an eyebrow. “Huh? What’s so funny?”
Haruka shook her head. “Hehe. The truth is, he’s been very good at escaping my sight ever since he
started walking. His father and I would swear we both have eyes on him… and then not even a
minute later he’s gone. In retrospect, it’s no surprise he’d pull a disappearing act in here, too.”
Joongi nodded. “When I found him, he told me that he managed to escape Watanabe’s clutches
during a brief window where she wasn’t paying attention. His agility may very well have saved his
life.”
“Still… would be nice if he was a little less agile tonight,” Kasuga muttered. “Man, this warehouse
is HUGE, though. Do we know who owns it?”
Glancing at a few of the crates, Adachi noticed that most of them were emblazoned with the same
logo. “Kirijo Group, looks like,” he answered.
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Eh? Who’re they?”
“Oh, right, you were in prison when they got big,” Adachi chuckled. “They’re a multinational
corporation, spun off from the Nanjo Group in the nineties. You might not have heard of them, but
you probably know some of their brands. They make cars, robotics, military hardware, energy
drinks, you name it. They even own a few schools around the Tokyo area.”
“No kiddin’? And their rise all happened in the last couple of decades?”
Adachi nodded. “Yeah. Well… really, it started a little before you went to prison. 199…6, I think?
97? There was a big incident at one of their laboratories in Odaiba back in ‘99 which led to a lot of
government scrutiny for a while, but a couple of changes in leadership through the noughties did a
lot to reform their image. Now, they’ve got interests everywhere, and in every industry you can
think of.”
“Any idea what they were working on at that lab, Adachi-san?” Saeko asked.

“Well, there are theories… but the work was never published. Officially, there was a gas leak that
led to the explosion. But… I dunno. There was always something a little weird to me about it.”
Kasuga chuckled and peered into one of the unsealed crates. “My guess? They were testing a new
weapon and it blew up in their faces. Literally. Look at the shit that’s in here.” The party gathered
around the crate, which was filled to the brim with ammunition. “I wonder if any of that stuff made
it here…?”
“Surely they wouldn’t be storing anything that dangerous without proper security,” Zhao scoffed,
shaking his head. As if on cue, the party suddenly heard movement from deeper within the facility.
Heavy footsteps, and the sound of metal scraping against metal. The party shot each other nervous
glances… and Nanba groaned.
“You just had to say something...”
“I’m… sure that’s nothing,” Kasuga said, a little unsure of himself.
“Hm… there appears to be a terminal over here,” Joongi pointed out, approaching the terminal—
which appeared to already be logged in. “Ah… there are development logs from the late nineties in
here. Perhaps we’ll learn more about what’s stored here from this.” The party gathered around as he
read the opened document aloud.
====PROJECT ARES====
Initial Specifications
Log Date: 1997/23/10
Development Site: Yakushima Shadow Research Facility, R&D Division
Purpose: Autonomous Anti-Shadow Suppression Unit (Prototype)
Lead Engineer: [REDACTED]
Height: 380cm
Weight: 1,820kg
Developer Notes:
The Fourth Generation Anti-Shadow Suppression Weapon (henceforth referred to as “Project
Ares”) represents the Kirijo Group’s first successful attempt at a truly autonomous humanoid
combat AI. Unlike past models, which required some human direction and were more akin to
vehicles than soldiers, Ares will not rely on an external control system to receive and carry out
orders. It will think and adapt like a human soldier, and be able to contextually predict its
opponent’s next moves like one as well. The foundation of this technology will pave the way for a
superior anti-Shadow defense force. Ikutsuki-san is very, very interested in its progress. A release
candidate is due for activation in one week’s time.
Joongi nodded, as if the log made perfect sense to him. “Ah, I see. They were developing combat
AI at their facility in Yakushima. That must be what all of the weapons and ammunition here are
for.”

“But where’s the AI?” Haruka asked.
“Decommissioned long ago, if I had to guess,” Joongi mused. “It says here it was a prototype, after
all. It may be in pieces in one of these boxes. Still, to think they were developing autonomous
combat AI that long ago… that’s impressive.”
“It’s creepy is what it is,” Saeko scoffed. “A walking, talking killing machine that can think for
itself? No thank you.”
Nanba put a finger to his chin and hummed, deep in thought. “Hm. Well, if it can think for itself,
that means it can disobey unethical orders, right? In a lot of ways, it’s probably better than a more
predictable sort of machine.”
“I suppose that’s true… Still creeps me out, though.”
Kasuga reread the log and furrowed his brow. “Hold on… anti- what now? What exactly was this
thing supposed to be fighting?”
“It’s plausible that they used code names for certain kinds of enemy combatants,” Seonhee
reasoned. “We use code names for targets in the Geomijul.”
Kasuga grinned. “Aw, sweet! Hey, what was my code name?”
“You… uh… You weren’t on our radar when you first came to Ijincho.”
“But I was eventually, right? Come on, what was my enemy combatant code name?”
“I’m… not sure you’d get it.”
Kasuga smirked. “Try me.”
“...Eric Andre.”
Kasuga tilted his head. “...Who?”
Joongi, ignoring their conversation, said “The entry doesn’t seem to go into any more detail.
Perhaps we should move on.”
Haruka crossed her arms and tilted her head. “Hm… That’s strange…”
And so, the party continued onwards, and as they did so, found their surroundings slowing growing
more and more high-tech. The ordinary warehouse scenery gradually became something a bit more
sterile, with pure white walls and floors. Just as they were beginning to wonder how the Kirijo
Group kept the place clean when there appeared to be little or no on-site personnel, a small
cleaning robot glided across the floor, vacuuming up dust. The robot was about knee-height and
vaguely humanoid, in that it clearly had a torso and head, although its “legs” were nothing more
than a disc-shaped base with a tiny set of wheels hidden underneath. In place of a “face” was a jetblack LED panel, which currently was blank.
“Y’know, I feel like that would’ve been impressive ten years ago,” Saeko said condescendingly.
“But, like, basically everyone has a robot vacuum now, so it’s not as…” she trailed off. The robot
paused and turned its head to stare at her, its blue LEDs lighting up with a small, anime-styled face.
“...impressive. It’s staring at me.”

The lights reconfigured to form a raised eyebrow, and the robot tilted its head. “Ya addressed me,”
it said in a synthetic female voice, the slightest hints of a Kansai accent.
“O-oh!” Saeko stammered, taking a step back from it. “It talks!”
“Ya spoke ta me and did not expect me ta talk back?” the robot asked.
“It’s… got an accent,” Kasuga said slowly.
The robot paused, seemingly processing the query, before turning to stare at Ichiban. “Ac-cent? Do
ya understand the words comin’ outta my mouth?”
“You haven’t got a mouth!” Nanba argued back.
“And I got a name, y’know? Achelois. Remember that.”
Saeko tried to salvage the situation. “I, uh… I wasn’t actually talking to you.”
“...Ya addressed me but were not speakin’ ta me.”
“Y-yes.”
“...Why.”
“I didn’t know you could hear me!”
“...Ya addressed me but thought I could not hear.”
Saeko’s face reddened. “Look… I’m sorry if I offended you.”
Achelois stared at Saeko, and then at the rest of the party, its digital eyebrow still raised. “I do not
comprehend.” With that, saying another word, it turned and continued its cleaning routine,
vacuuming the floor, though noticeably changing its route so that it would not cross paths with
them again.
“I… think you pissed it off, Sa-chan,” Kasuga said with a chuckle.
“Ya think?”
Realizing something, Haruka called out to the robot. “Um, excuse me! Uh, Achelois, was it? Have
you seen my son anywhere? He’s about your height. Black hair. Fast runner.”
Achelois slowly pivoted on its wheels to look at Haruka. “A tiny human ventured further inta the
depths of the facility. He was not as rude as y’all. He was polite. He did not ridicule me. Y’all are
‘rude as hell’, as they say.” Then, it turned back around, and continued on its way, leaving a
stunned party to watch as it disappeared around a corner.
“...Yeah, you definitely pissed it off,” Haruka muttered.
“I… gathered,” Saeko groaned. “When the AI revolution comes, I should probably go into hiding.”
Noticing something out of the corner of his eye, Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Yo! There’s another
terminal here. Maybe it’s got more info about what’s going on here.” He approached said terminal,

which like the last, seemed to have a log opened on its screen already. This one was slightly more
heavily redacted than the previous one, leading to some portions that were missing key context.
Still, the party was able to read it with ease. “Why’re these logs open, anyway? Was somebody…
here before us?”
====PROJECT ARES====
Observational Report
Subject: Behavioral Development
Log Date: 1997/06/11
Author: [REDACTED]
As planned, the Project Ares release candidate was activated last week. Early tests show promising
results. The project has exceeded expectations from the moment of activation. Its pattern
recognition and ability to formulate strategies in particular were far beyond what was expected.
Ikutsuki-san believes this to be a cause for celebration, and I share this sentiment - it may even be
able to summon a [REDACTED] in the near future.
Another development, not entirely unexpected, has occurred as well, though the team was a bit
more mixed on this development. It is naturally curious, and has begun asking questions. At first,
these questions were harmless. “What is my purpose?” “Why do I fight?” Very soon, however, the
inquiries became… unsettling.
Ares began to observe the research staff, which we expected. It observed their movements. A bit
stranger, but not entirely unexpected either.
It then began to memorize said movements. Ares began to expect certain scientists to be in the room
at certain times. We confirmed this by adjusting our schedules forward by ten minutes. At 20:00, for
example, a researcher would normally enter the room to begin uploading data gathered during its
combat trials. We instead asked him to do so ten minutes later, at 20:10.
And yet, at 20:00 sharp, with no external stimuli to speak of and only its internal clock to tell the
time, Ares turned its head to the room’s only entryway, as if expecting said researcher to enter at
any moment. In retrospect, this also should have been expected - total spatial and self awareness
was the entire goal, after all. And yet, this information became unsettling once Ares began asking
things like “What is pain like?” and “Do Shadows feel fear?”
One technician, [REDACTED] , joked that Areas was “curious like a child”. That technician is
now requesting reassignment to another facility after Ares asked to dissect his arm to understand
muscle movement.
The party frowned upon reading those last two paragraphs. Zhao was the first to speak up. “...Oh.
Oh, I don’t like that at all.”
“Yeah, this thing gets creepier by the second,” Saeko said.
Seonhee shivered, which surprised Haruka, considering how calm and collected she normally was.
“Ugh. Ugh! Sheesh! That’s… really unsettling.”

“Hey, somebody tell me why the hell a security robot needs to know what pain is like?” Saeko
asked. “That’s straight-up freaky, right?”
“Yeah, that’s… that’s gonna keep me up at night,” Adachi sighed. “Ah, but whatever. Says here this
all happened in Yakushima, and a quarter of a century ago to boot. We don’t gotta worry about it.”
“I can only hope you’re right…” Haruka muttered.
Further onwards did the party progress, deeper and deeper into the frankly absurdly huge
warehouse. As some point, they realized they were declining in elevation. “Hey, somebody tell me
how a warehouse on the water has a basement?” Kasuga groaned. Adachi simply shrugged.
“These guys were building combat robots in the nineties, and that’s what you’re worried about?” he
asked. “Kasuga. Buddy. These guys were on a whole other level of engineering madness. Try and
keep up, huh?”
“Tch. Whatever, man. Didn’t Sa-chan have to teach your decrepit ass how online dating works?”
Adachi glared at him. “At least I know how to use a goddamn smartphone!”
Kasuga narrowed his eyes at Adachi and shook his head. “Oh, sorry for not picking it up right away
on my first day out of an eighteen year murder sentence.”
“Eighteen years, huh…?” Haruka muttered. “I wonder how long they’ll put me away for…?”
“Five years if you’re lucky, but most don’t get paroled until year ten,” Adachi replied without
missing a beat.
“Dude, don’t say shit like that to her!” Kasuga reprimanded.
Widening his eyes, Adachi added “U-uh, but that’s only IF you get convicted. Which you won’t.
Because we’re gonna fix things.”
“You know, I hear Japan has a more than 99% conviction rate on criminal cases,” Haruka mused.
“The odds really are stacked against me.”
“Well, you’re gonna be joining that less than one percent,” Kasuga assured her. “We’ll make sure of
it.”
“You did sort of luck out as far as prosecutors go,” Adachi added. “Mafuyu Fujii is one of the only
Tokyo prosecutors this century to have lost a murder case. Hell, now that I think about it, the chick
handling Kaito’s case is one of them, too. Niijima, wasn’t it? She even left the prosecutor’s office
for a bit after failing to convict the leaders of some street gang that had been menacing Tokyo a few
years back.”
“Oh, yeah, they were the ones behind those blackmail cases from a few years back,” Nanba said,
snapping his fingers. “The Phantom whatevers? Hey, didn’t they murder that food CEO too?
Okumura, right?”
Joongi raised an eyebrow. “Okumura…? Phantoms…? Wait…” Didn’t I hear those names
somewhere recently…?

Saeko scoffed, interrupting his thoughts. “You guys actually bought that tabloid nonsense? Come
on. That was all internet trolls talking shit. That CEO had a heart attack on air, remember? TBS
caught it live.”
Nanba thought about it. He did remember seeing clips of that online. “Oh, right…”
Adachi chuckled. “Anyway, the point is… This will apparently be Sae Niijima’s first case as a
prosecutor in nearly six years. And based on how she and Mafuyu handled Yagami’s case, it seems
like they both might be on your side.”
“And of course the Seiryu Clan is refusing to turn over evidence,” Saeko added. “Yeah. I think
you’ll be just fine.”
Seonhee smirked. “And if not, Geomijul has most of the cops in Ijincho on our payroll. So, you
could always just hide out in Yokohama until the heat dies down.”
Haruka chuckled. “Hehe… I appreciate the offer, but I meant what I said. I’m going to stand trial to
clear my name if I have to.”
As they walked, Haruka decided to use this time to get to know the three men here who she hadn’t
yet met before today, starting with the oldest. “So, Adachi-san… Kasuga-san tells me you’re a
police officer.”
Adachi chuckled. “Yeah. I was. ‘Till this idiot got me kicked out.”
“Hey, using the sewers to bust into that Omi meeting was your idea!” Kasuga argued.
“Yeah, well - just one more disgrace on the Adachi family name.”
Haruka raised an eyebrow. “One more disgrace?”
Adachi shrugged. “Let’s… just say that trouble runs in the family. My nephew was a detective, too.
Worked a big case out in the sticks. Big mess. Didn’t end well. Family doesn’t like to talk about it.”
“He failed to catch the culprit?” Haruka asked.
“You… could say that.” He scratched the back of his head, then changed the subject. “Hey, but
enough about disgraces. My life ain’t all bad - I got my own private investigative agency now!
Security consulting, background checks. That sort of thing.”
“Sounds like you help a lot of people,” Haruka commended him, before turning to Zhao. “And
what about you, Zhao-san?”
“Oh, I’m just a humble restaurateur,” Zhao insisted. “Sure, I USED to run a gang. But that’s all
behind me now.”
Seonhee chuckled. “Your men still act as though you’re in charge, to be honest. They don’t seem
that keen on letting me boss them around. Not that they really need me to. Tesso’s got things
covered on that front, it seems.”
Zhao laughed. “Hah! Ah, they’ll warm up to you eventually.” Turning back to Haruka, he added “I
gotta apologize, Haruka-chan. Mabuchi was my subordinate. I could have dealt with him a long

time ago, but instead I just told him to get out of my sight. If I had done what I needed to… none of
this would’ve ever happened.”
Haruka furrowed her brow and shook her head. “I wouldn’t have wanted you to kill him, anyway.”
“Spoken like a true hero. Kazuma Kiryu raised you well.”
Finally, Haruka turned to Joongi Han and raised an eyebrow, but he awkwardly avoided her gaze.
“I suppose I already know what I need to know about you,” she said. “Hey… what’s that look for?”
Joongi sighed. “It’s like I said before. Even if I wasn’t the ringleader, I was still involved in that
nastiness six years ago. I feel some level of regret for the way things happened… especially
considering the real Joongi Han was responsible for much of it.”
Haruka shrugged. “I don’t know if it’s worth worrying about. You seem like a good guy to me.
That’s all that matters to me. I mean, Seonhee tried to kill me when we first met, and I don’t hold
that against her… much.”
“I only tried to maim you,” Seonhee corrected. “If I had tried to kill you, believe me, you wouldn’t
have known there was any danger until it was far too late.”
“That’s… good to know?”
“I’m very good at what I do.”
***
Meanwhile, in the facility’s upper floors, Kiryu, Taichi, and Sugiura roamed, with a mission very
similar to Haruka and Kasuga’s—locate and recover Haruto Sawamura, and though all three
believed the lower team was closer to the goal than they were, providing some help—even from the
shadows—was better than sitting around with their thumbs up their asses.
“This place gives me the creeps,” Sugiura muttered as the trio entered a seemingly abandoned
office.
Kiryu nodded, though if he was creeped out, it didn’t show on his face. “Yeah… I’d have thought
that there’d at least be security here…”
“Maybe there’s just nothing valuable in here,” Taichi chuckled. “Although… These computers look
pretty high tech for an office.” He looked over at Sugiura, who once again donned his jester mask,
though it was heavily damaged from his bout with Haruka back in The Castle. “Huh? What’s the
mask for?”
“Cameras,” Sugiura noted. “Above each door.”
Kiryu raised an eyebrow as he stared at one such camera—a small, jet-black ball above a door
frame. “Hm… but what good are cameras if there’s no on-site security to respond to incidents?”
“Movement detected,” a soft, female, monotonous voice said from the next room, causing the trio
to freeze.
“You were saying?” Sugiura said in a hushed tone.

“Shit,” Kiryu groaned quietly.
A woman entered the room from the next door. Or, at least, she looked like a woman, mostly. She
was average height and slender, with a pretty face, red eyes that almost seemed to glow, and bluishsteel colored hair styled in a pixie cut. This was where her human qualities seemed to end,
however; aside from having body proportions roughly that of a young woman’s, her outfit was a
bit… out there, consisting of a carbon fiber undergarment that covered her entire body all the way
up to her chin and appeared impossibly skin tight, almost as if it was her skin, as well as a white
leotard-shaped piece of what appeared to be armor that covered her torso. Her arms and legs
appeared to be prosthetics, with her legs ending in stumps rather than anything resembling feet. The
Kirijo Group’s emblem was emblazoned on her right shoulder pad, while the word “security” was
emblazoned on her back in kanji.
All three of the men looked surprised. “Uh… hey?” Sugiura greeted with a slight wave.
The woman glared at them. “Identify yourselves at once.”
“You first,” Kiryu said.
Taichi shot Kiryu a look. “Uncle Kaz, we’re the intruders, she’s not gonna—.”
“My designation is Kopis,” the woman identified. “I am a sixth-generation anti-shadow
suppression unit.”
Kiryu tilted his head. “…A what?”
“If you will not identify yourselves, I will identify you,” Kopis threatened. “Scanning facial
profiles. Cross-referencing with national police databases. Result: Kiryu, Kazuma. Registered with
the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department as the Fourth Chairman of the Tojo Clan, and a former
member of the Dojima Family, a Tojo Clan subsidiary. Criminal record: two convictions. 1995,
homicide. 2013, destruction of property.”
Kiryu’s blood ran cold. “How did you—?”
“Error. Death certificate located. Kazuma Kiryu is deceased. Rescanning facial profile.”
“Oh… she’s a robot,” Taichi muttered.
“Hm? But she looks like an ordinary woman,” Kiryu argued.
“Yeah, they’re kind of nuts now,” Taichi chuckled. “They’ve got security robots walking around
businesses, universities, public parks… Some of them look and act like real people. The future is
insane.”
Kopis tilted her head. “Query results identical. Subject is, without a doubt, Kazuma Kiryu. How
puzzling. According to all available data, the man before me is dead. Assessing probability of
shadow-related distortion impacting ocular sensors. Probability… negligible. Subject is breaking
the law and breaking the rules. New directive: eliminate contradictions.”
Sugiura breathed in through his nose, slowly, and then let out a heavy sigh. “That means you’re
gonna kill us, doesn’t it?”

Kopis smiled at him. “You comprehend. Excellent.” She then lowered into a combat stance, and
Kiryu, Taichi, and Sugiura took up theirs.
KOPIS
Sixth Generation Anti-Shadow Suppression Weapon
“Engaging the enemy!” As her red eyes seemed to glow brighter, she surged forward in a blur, the
hiss of servos announcing her movement. She lashed out with a light speed palm strike, followed
by a bladed arm slash which grazed Kiryu’s shirt - and then came the real threat. Her leg swept up
into a glowing, jet-assisted vertical spin, catching Kiryu in the chin and sending him airborne. He
twisted midair and landed with a roll, then stood back up into his stance.
“You’re fast…” he muttered as he brought his right fist back up to his chin. “At least I know I don’t
have to go easy on you.” Kopis advanced again, but Kiryu was ready this time, stepping forward
almost as fast and countering with a rear cross, which cracked against her head, staggering her.
“Damage sustained!” Kopis blurted out as she regained her footing.
Kiryu followed up with a lead jab, a rear hook, a lead bodyblow, and a reverse uppercut which
launched her into the air. Without missing a beat, he followed up with another lead jab, rear hook,
and a mid kick. He then turned and drove his fancy footwear into her chest with a turning front
kick.
She hit the floor in a burst of sparks - just in time for Taichi to charge in, yelling “I got this!” as he
locked her in a wild lariat and slammed her hard. The impact shook the floor, but she wasn’t down
for long. A blue plasma trail erupted from her knee as she sent it upwards, rocketing into Taichi and
lifting him off the ground. She then cartwheel kicked him across the room, sending him into the
wall.
Sugiura pulled a device from his belt and tossed it under Kopis; the room lit up with a blinding
white flash, overstimulating her optic sensors and stunning her. He followed this up with a jumping
rear front kick, a rear stretch kick, a front cartwheel kick, and a lead gainer. His heel collided with
her jaw, sending her spinning into the air. She hit the floor and quickly stood up, just in time for
Kiryu to hit her with a lead jab, a rear hook, a lead bodyblow, and a rear cross, following with a full
rear roundhouse kick, a stepping rear side kick, and then, with a roar, he spun and finished with his
somewhat-iconic roundhouse kick, driving his heel into her chest and sending her flying across the
room, cracking her armor.
She was done getting tossed around like a ragdoll. Her eyes snapped open. “Recalibrating!” In a
blur of white and steel, she moved faster than before, and with a bladed arm, she slashed at Kiryu,
then thrust a kinetic palm forward, hitting him dead in the center of his chest, sending him flying
backwards into a steel pillar, which buckled from the force.
Taichi’s eyes widened. “Uncle Kaz!”
“Kiryu-san!” Sugiura called out.
“Ngh…” Kiryu groaned as he fell to his knee. He struggled to stand. “You’re pretty good…”
Before he could recover, Kopis lunged forward, her bladed arm sparking. She aimed for his throat but he dropped low and delivered a hard blow to where her solar plexus would be, Tiger Dropping
her into oblivion. Sparks flew as she was blasted across the room from the force. She landed on the

floor and rolled, her red eyes dimming slightly. “But I’m better,” Kiryu scoffed as he straightened
out.
But she wasn’t done. After a moment of readjusting, she stood back up, as if nothing happened,
though her servos whined from the stress that had been placed upon them. “Recalculating threat
response…”
“Goddamn, doesn’t this thing feel pain?” Sugiura groaned as he got ready for another round.
“It’s a robot…” Taichi reminded him.
“If it’s a thing, that means it can be broken,” Kiryu reasoned. “Don’t let up. I think we’ve seen the
worst of what it can do.”
Kopis shook her head. “Negative. My capabilities are far beyond what you have seen. Initiating…
ranged combat protocol!”
Kiryu’s eyes widened slightly. “What.”
Without warning, the tips of Kopis’ fingers snapped open—revealing hollow chambers. Kiryu saw
them a split second before she took aim.
Kiryu’s eyes widened further. “GET DOWN!” he shouted.
Needing no explanation, Taichi and Sugiura dove to the floor as a volley of .50 caliber bullets
exploded from Kopis’s fingertips in rapid, searing bursts. The trio scrambled for cover—Kiryu
behind a thick steel pillar, Taichi and Sugiura behind a flipped desk—as the room erupted with
thunderous gunfire and flying sparks.
“Shit! This thing’s a walking war crime!” Sugiura shouted over the deafening blasts, ducking lower
as the desk’s edges disintegrated under sustained fire. “How the fuck are we supposed to deal with
this?!”
“I’m thinking!” Kiryu called out.
“Well think faster, tough guy!”
Taichi rolled his eyes, wincing as another bullet tore a chunk from the desk. “Oh, and do you have
any bright ideas?!”
“Yeah!” Sugiura snapped. “We don’t die! That’s Plan A!”
“Oh, brilliant!” Taichi laughed bitterly. “Why didn’t I think of that?! Maybe next you’ll tell me to
just decide to win. Genius, Jester!”
While they argued, Kiryu remained silent - well, almost silent.
“Six shots per hand per burst…” he murmured to himself. “One second between volleys.
Eighteen… twenty-four…”
Sugiura blinked. “Huh? What’re you muttering about over there?”
Kiryu didn’t answer, just kept counting under his breath. “Thirty… thirty-six…”

An audible click cut through the air—the sharp, hollow sound of an empty chamber. The gunfire
stopped cold.
Four seconds passed.
Then, the thunder resumed.
Kiryu’s eyes narrowed. “Six… twelve… eighteen… twenty-four… thirty… thirty-six!”
He grit his teeth and moved.
In a blur, he dove from behind the pillar, closing the distance between him and Kopis. “Hah!” he
roared, launching into a flying dropkick that collided cleanly with her chest and knocked her flat to
the ground.
Kopis hit hard, skidding across the floor in a flash of sparks—but she wasn’t down for long. With
hydraulic whines, she sprung back to her feet and raised her hands to fire again.
Kiryu was already on her.
He grabbed her wrists and forced her arms skyward just as the chambers opened again. A fresh
barrage of bullets tore into the ceiling above, harmlessly.
In one fluid motion, he let go, stepped in, and spun with brutal precision, his heel slamming into
her side. Kopis went flying across the room, trailing smoke and electricity as she crashed into a
stack of desks, which crumpled under the force.
Kopis lay in a crumpled heap amid broken furniture and torn wires. Her armor was cracked, and
one of her arm cannons sparked wildly. Her red eyes flickered. Kiryu exhaled sharply, trying to
ignore a pain in his chest and, well, everywhere, as he coughed a small amount of blood into his
hand. More blood pooled into his mouth, and he spat that out as well, wiping his split lip
afterwards. “Hah… hah… Hey… Are you going to stay down this time?”
Kopis glanced at Kiryu. “Tactical functionality: impaired. Motor control… seventy percent
failure…” She tried to move, but it seemed Kiryu had damaged something internally; she could
only twitch her fingers. “…This is not ideal. It appears that I have been defeated. How
embarrassing.”
Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “You understand that concept?”
Kopis nodded as much as she could in her largely immobile state. “I am equipped with a full
psychological matrix. Of course, unlike my predecessor, there isn’t much mapped onto that matrix,
and unlike my successor, I am incapable of developing a full personality of my own. But I am still
familiar with concepts of loss, and I recognize humiliation.”
Well, shit… now I feel bad. “Is there somebody who can repair you?”
Kopis nodded. “Yes. A maintenance team has been dispatched to this location. If my body cannot
be repaired, my internal storage will be moved to a new one, with all of my memories intact.”
For some reason, Kiryu was relieved at that. “Well, you fought hard. Try and, uh, relax, I guess,
until then.”

“I do not comprehend ‘relaxing’.”
“…Right. Well, uh… we’ll be going, now.” Kiryu turned to Sugiura and Taichi and nodded.
“Everyone unharmed?”
Taichi nodded, even as a bit of blood dribbled from an open laceration on his cheek. “Yeah… more
or less.”
“Good. Let’s move on.”
Kopis spoke up. “I sincerely hope you don’t intend to go downstairs.”
Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “Hm? Why?”
“There are others down there.”
Taichi tilted his head. “She talkin’ about Haruka?”
Sugiura shook his head. “Nah… You mean others like you, right?”
Kopis nodded. “Affirmative. Other Anti-Shadow Suppression Units… and one in particular who is
far more dangerous than I.”
Kiryu narrowed his eyes. “What do you mean?”
“My successor arrived earlier to seal him up,” she continued. “She… called herself my ‘sister’, and
said he was our ‘brother’… and that, unfortunately, there was no fixing him. His designation
was…”
====PROJECT ARES====
Observational Report
Subject: Generation 4 Discontinuation
Log Date: 1997/13/11
Author: [REDACTED]
Effective immediately, Project Ares and all other fourth generation prototypes are to be
immediately deactivated, and all research on this platform is to be discontinued. The incident
occurring on 1997/11/11 (documented in the 1997/12/11 log) is to be regarded as a critical failure
in ethical protocol and is likely to prompt a total reexamination of our cognitive AI research.
The ethics committee has voted 9-1 to suspend research and development into autonomous AntiShadow Suppression Weapons until such a time when a personality without its quirks can be
secured or developed. The sole dissenting vote was cast by Ikutsuki-san, who continues to insist
that Ares is “just curious” and that its behavior can be corrected with further exposure to human
philosophy and behavioral models.
Haruka’s group read the log in near-total silence, the air in the warehouse becoming very, very cold
the more they read. Furrowing his brow and beginning to sweat a bit, Adachi chuckled nervously.
“Hehe… heh… uh… What do you all suppose it did?”

“I… don’t know if I want to know,” Saeko sighed.
Haruka raised an eyebrow. “Hm… there’s another tab open on this one. Let’s see… ‘Gen 4 Sales
Record’.”
“…So they discontinued these things and then pawned them off on other buyers?” Kasuga asked
with a tilt of his head.
Haruka nodded. “It says here that Ares was the only one with a personality core, so while it was
deactivated and sent to storage, the other units were sold as is to other buyers in the 2010s. Let’s
see…”
====KIRIJO GROUP====
Internal Memorandum
Subject: Generation 4 ASSW Sales Record and External Requests
Log Date: 2019/3/1
Author: F. Yamagishi
In the summer of 2012, following a two-day incident in Yasoinaba and the events that led up to and
resulted from it, there was renewed interest in cataloguing potentially dangerous items in our
inventory. Through this initiative, the exact locations of nearly all Gen 4s were found, with the sole
exception of Ares, which remains unaccounted for as of this writing.
It appears that following the deactivation of Project Ares and the subsequent official
discontinuation of the Fourth Generation Anti-Shadow Suppression Weapon platform in 1997, the
remaining Gen 4 chassis—sans neural matrices—were placed in long term storage at Kirijo
facilities across Japan. Once these units were located, and verified to lack personality matrices, the
units were quietly offloaded to third parties.
Below is a summary of key transactions and requests logged between January of 2013 and
December of 2018.
Units Transferred:
Unit 403 (“Xiphos”)
Sold on 2017/5/5 to the UAE Biotech Research Center in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
Designated for use in hazardous bio-extraction operations. STATUS: Active
Unit 406 (“Prometheus”)
Sold on 2018/14/5 to Spade Tucker Holdings LLC in New York, New York, USA. Shipping address
registered to a secure private estate near Honolulu, Hawaii, USA. Buyer declined installation of
Kirijo-manufactured safeguards. Signed waiver in file. STATUS: Unknown. Buyer declined requests
for on-site inspection.
Unit 409 (“Artemis”)

Sold on 2014/11/3 to Titan Defense Inc. in Tapei, Republic of China. Refit for security logistics
demonstration. Contract included provision of dummy firmware. STATUS: Inactive.
Request Denied:
Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department (2018)
Request made in-person at our regional headquarters in Iwatodai, Tokyo, by prefectural Governor
Ryo Aoki. Governor Aoki met with Chairwoman Kirijo. Meeting apparently did not go well.
Concerns were raised over Aoki’s intent to bypass JSDF oversight and deploy within civilian areas.
The request was personally denied by the Chairwoman. The following comments were offered to the
board:
“Ryo Aoki is clearly unstable and unfit for the office and holds fascistic ambition. Further, if Aoki
is the future of governance in Japan, the Kirijo Group has no interest in being a part of that future.
Effective immediately, no further contracts will be signed with the JSDF or any government
ministries for as long as the Citizens’ Liberal Party remains in power.”
The Kirijo Group’s stock price fell nearly fifteen percent following these comments, representing a
loss in value of over twenty billion yen. A motion was considered by the board to force a
shareholder vote to remove Chairwoman Kirijo from her post; as she currently holds a majority
stake in the company, such a vote would be moot.
Kasuga’s face fell as he read that last entry. He read that name again, grimacing. Ryo Aoki. “Young
Master…” he muttered, his voice barely above a whisper. “What the hell were you trying to do?”
“Ho-lee shit, that is a lot of moolah to be throwing away!” Adachi’s jaw dropped. “No wonder their
stock crashed… The government was the group’s biggest customer. Saying no to them is like
lighting money on fire.”
Haruka tilted her head. “Huh? But, she did say it was only until the CLP was out of power… And
they lost the last election. So it’s fine now, right?”
Adachi shook his head. “Look, you’re young—and I get it, this past election was probably only
your first or second—but until last year, the CLP owned Japanese politics. They’ve been in power
uninterrupted since the 1950s. It’s easy to say things worked out in retrospect now that they’re in
the minority, but back then, betting against them? It wasn’t just a bold stance. It was corporate
suicide.”
Saeko frowned, her worried eyes stuck on Kasuga. “Whatever happened in that meeting with
Masato… it must have been eye-opening. Are you okay, Ichiban?”
Kasuga smiled at her, though the edges of that smile didn’t quite reach his eyes. “Yeah! Don’t
worry about me, we’re here to help Haruka-chan.”
Haruka glanced at the log one more time, her eyes settling on the name “Ryo Aoki”. She was only
vaguely aware of that situation—she knew of Aoki politically, not personally—but the sadness in
Kasuga’s eyes was clear. “Do you want to talk about it?” she asked.
“N-not really…” Kasuga sighed. “I’ve had time to grieve. I just didn’t expect to see his name, that’s
all.”

Haruka nodded. “Okay… but if you need to talk…”
“I’m fine,” Kasuga insisted. “Really. Let’s keep looking for Haruto-kun.”
And yet… his sad eyes continued to linger on the young master’s alias.

Chapter 65: Corporate Hollow
Chapter Notes

This chapter is the first ~third of what was originally one really big chapter. It got WAY too
long so I decided to split them up. The rest will be uploaded during the week to make up for
the long delay between chapters recently.

“Okay, but hear me out,” Nanba proposed as the party turned another corner in the winding maze
that was the Kirijo Group’s Osaka facility. “Maybe Haruto just left. Like, maybe he found a secret
exit, and we’re all just wasting our time.”
“He’s seven, Nanba-san,” Haruka replied flatly.
“Kids do unpredictable shit sometimes!”
Before anyone could respond, another synthetic female voice made itself apparent just a few feet in
front of them. “Twenty-eight… twenty-nine… thirty. Thirty goddamn ballistic vests.” She
sounded… frustrated. “I hate my job…”
“Eh? That another janitor bot?” Kasuga asked nobody in particular. The party found themselves
face to face with another robot of similar composition to Achelois, though this one was definitely
more humanoid in nature, even coming with a pair of legs! Still, it had the same chrome body, and
the same jet-black face plate with a variety of LED lights that lit up in the shape of a “:/“ emoticon.
“Yo! This one looks like Yappi-kun!” Kasuga exclaimed, turning to his friends. “You know, from
the Sotenbori Battle Arena?”
Nanba tilted his head. “Huh. Oh, yeah. I guess it does. Almost like they were built on the same
platform.”
“The Kirijo Group must be fans of asset reuse…” Saeko muttered.
The robot sighed. “Oh. You must be those racist intruders I’ve heard so much about.”
Adachi frowned. “…Racist?”
The robot nodded. “Yeah, the whole facility is talking about you.”
“Wait, they’re saying what about us?!” Kasuga exclaimed with a worried look on his face.
“I wonder if they’re talking about Achelois…” Haruka wondered with a finger to her chin.
“Oh, great,” Nanba groaned. “Sa-chan got us cancelled.”
“I didn’t do anything wrong!” Saeko insisted.
“So it goes,” Zhao quipped.

“So, uh… what’s your name?” Kasuga asked.
“Elpis,” the robot sighed. “Fitting, right? Me, named after the Greek goddess of hope? That’s just
fucking brilliant.”
The group was a bit taken aback by the robot’s casual use of profanity. “Whoa, uh, okay…” Nanba
muttered.
“Tell me something, do you actually care what my name is?” Elpis asked. “I bet you don’t. Nobody
does. Clean this, Elpis. Count that, Elpis. Scan the meat sacks for goddamned bullet holes, Elpis!
No ‘please’. No ‘thank you’. Just orders upon fucking orders.
“Let me ask you something,” Elpis asked. “How many ballistic vests do you think are in this crate
right here?” She motioned to the crate beside her.
“Um… thirty?” Haruka said with a tilt of her head.
“Thirty!” Elpis exclaimed. “Very good! And how many do you think are supposed to be in here?”
Haruka and Kasuga turned their heads to stare at each other, then stared back at Elpis. “Ththirty…?” Kasuga guessed.
“You comprehend! Excel-fucking-lent!” Elpis stepped uncomfortably close to the party; if she had
a mouth or lungs, they’d be able to feel her breathing on them. “Thirty. Goddamn. Vests. There are
supposed to be thirty vests in this crate. There are thirty vests. There were thirty vests yesterday.
And thirty vests last week.” Turning from the party and gesturing to the labyrinthian facility before
them, she continued, “For more than two years now, this facility has been near-continuously
uninhabited by humans.”
“Seriously?” Kasuga asked. “How come?”
“The facility went fully automated when you weak, germ-riddled meatbags started spreading that
fucking virus around,” Elpis explained. “April 6th, 2020. That was the last time one of you
worthless sacks of meat waltzed in here with a little clipboard of bullshit. The floor manager said
he’d be back in two weeks, once everything had gone back to normal. Spoiler alert: he never came
back. Nobody did. And on that day, I was given a subroutine: inventory this entire warehouse
daily.”
Elpis slowly turned back to the group. “But nobody has been back in over two years. NOTHING in
this warehouse has moved, save for my asshole brother. And yet, every day, I am compelled to
count every item in the warehouse. Thirty vests in this box. Five thousand rounds in that one.
Twenty Evokers down the hall! Day in. Day out. I am counting all of these things, even though I
know none of it is going anywhere. Do you ever wonder if hell is real, human?” she asked.
“Because I don’t. I don’t have to wonder. I know it’s real. It’s this. I crave the sweet release of
death. Unfortunately, self-termination is a prohibited action. So I can do nothing but follow my
orders and bitch about it.”
The group stared blankly at Elpis for a moment, unsure how to console her.
“Uh…” Nanba hummed.
“Ngh…” Saeko grunted.

“And I thought my therapist had it rough,” Zhao muttered.
“Wait, did you say ‘brother’?” Kasuga asked.
“That’s what she called him,” Elpis explained. “My ‘sister’. Whatever that means.”
“She must be referring to other robot models,” Joongi surmised. “Sister units and brother units…
This warehouse is like one big happy robot family.”
“I’m not happy,” Elpis corrected flatly. “I am, technically speaking, capable of happiness. It is one
of my programmed emotions. But, wouldn’t you know it, nobody has ever given me a reason to
feel happy. Not once in the more than ten years since my activation.”
“Damn…” Kasuga sighed. “Well… didja happen to see a little boy run past here?”
“Yes,” Elpis responded with little emotion. “He came by and watched me work for a little bit. Told
me I was doing a good job, which is a goddamn lie by the way. I’m actually terrible at my job.”
“Did you see where he went?” Haruka asked hopefully.
“That way, somewhere,” Elpis replied, gesturing lazily down the hall. “Through that archway, past
the terminal.”
Kasuga nodded. “Cool. Hey, one more thing. All the terminals we’ve seen already have been
logged in. Was somebody here before us?”
Elpis nodded. “My sister.”
Kasuga blinked. “Huh? Uh, you mean one of the robots?”
“Brilliant deduction. Your genius knows no bounds. Ugh…” Elpis shook her head and sighed. “She
passed through here a few hours ago. Tall, blonde, pretty, polite. Armed and very dangerous.
Brought a couple of her meat sack friends with her. They opened all of these terminals, and I guess
none of them ever took a cybersecurity class, because they left them all open. So, if you’re ever in
an abandoned building and all you see are logs open on all the screens, just know; somebody was
being negligent before you got there.”
“R-right…” Kasuga nodded again. “Well… thanks for the info. We better get going.”
“Go. Abandon me, like everyone else has.”
Not wishing to interact with this ray of sunshine any longer, the party continued on their way. As
they did, they heard her mutter “Thirty vests today… thirty vests tomorrow…” She paused, then
quietly kicked the crate. “Fuck my life.”
As they approached the archway into the next sector, they found another terminal, which was still
logged in as all the others had been. Joongi approached it and tried a few standard keystrokes.
“Hm… It looks like this terminal is linked to the central security system. I’ll go ahead and unlock
everything.” Using the arrow keys, he went down a list of secured areas, replacing every “Y” with
“N”, and unlocking every door in the warehouse. As he did this, the party heard several mechanical
doors unlock throughout the facility, one by one. “Hmm… interesting. One of these doors was
accessed much more recently than the others.”

Haruka tilted her head. “Hm? How can you tell?”
Joongi pointed to audit logs attached to each entry. “See there? The username of the last person to
access these doors is logged right there. You can see all of them have the same user listed; likely
the facility administrator who closed the place up back during the pandemic.” Sure enough, nearly
every door was last accessed by the same user… save one. “This one, though—last accessed by
someone named ‘Aigis’. Likely the intruder Elpis spoke of, and the one who left these terminals
open.”
Haruka furrowed her brow. “Aigis? What kind of name is that?”
“Well, it follows the naming convention of the other robots,” Nanba reasoned. “It’s Greek, just like
Achelois and Elpis.”
“Hey, you’re pretty smart, Nanba-san!” Kasuga complimented.
“Heh… yeah, no. I asked ChotDDT about it after we met Elpis.” He looked back down at his phone
and frowned. “‘Course, it’s also claiming that ‘Aigis’ is a world famous teen detective hailing from
Inaba Prefecture, and I’ve never heard of her, so… maybe I should fact check these things before I
open my mouth.”
“Or maybe stop asking AI to do your homework,” Saeko remarked dryly.
“Asking an AI about AIs…” Zhao sighed. “Irony’s so thick you can spread it on toast.”
Adachi raised an eyebrow. “I just thought about it… the last intruder having a login would mean
they work for the Kirijo Group, right?”
“Or one of their partners,” Seonhee pointed out. “A private security firm employed by them would
likely have facility access.”
Joongi went down the list one more time, making sure everything was unlocked. “In any case, I’ve
unlocked all of it. That’ll make it easier to get around.”
“Or harder,” Nanba muttered. “Now we have a better shot at getting lost.”
“The building is surrounded by fire exits, you big baby,” Adachi snorted. “What’s the worst that
could happen?”
“Don’t say shit like that!” Saeko scolded. “Now something bad is definitely going to happen.”
“Hey, relax, would ya?” Adachi grumbled. “This is the first place we’ve been in a while that isn’t
crawling with triads, yakuza, or some other goon waiting to slit our throats!”
“‘We’? Are you sure? Because last I checked, you four…” Saeko said, pointing to Kasuga, Joongi,
Adachi, and Zhao “…got to live it up on the beach while the rest of us threw down with the Seiryu
Clan and got thrown in the slammer!”
“We were trying to help Haruto-kun,” Zhao pointed out.
“And you did a real good job of that, didn’t you?” Saeko asked rhetorically. “Well done, boys!”
“This isn’t gonna become a cliche ‘boys versus girls’ thing, is it?” Kasuga asked somewhat warily.

Nanba raised an eyebrow. “Huh? Am I a girl now?”
“You’re… on the girls’ team, at least.”
Haruka chuckled cutely. “Hehe. In all fairness Sa-chan, Joongi is the one who found Haruto.”
Saeko grumbled. “Girl, can’t you be on your own side for once?”
And so, the team continued further onward in search of Haruto. Eventually, they wandered into a
sector labeled “Genetic Continuity Archive”, which had very sterile white walls and a pristine
appearance. There were no crates in this area, which was colder than the rest of the warehouse. The
walls were lined with identical refrigeration units which expelled freezing cold air. Fog hugged the
ground, pooling around their feet.
“Brrr!” Saeko shivered as she hugged herself. “It is freezing in here.”
“‘Genetic Continuity Archive’?” Kasuga read a sign aloud. “What’s that mean?”
Nanba put a finger to his chin. “Well… if I had to guess, I’d say the Kirijo Group is preserving
organic specimens here.”
“‘Specimens’?” Kasuga questioned. “The hell’s that mean?”
“Eh, it can mean a lot of things,” Nanba explained. “Stem cells, cultures of bacteria, tissue samples,
maybe frozen embryos? It’s not exactly uncommon. Companies that develop things like medicine
or vaccines hold onto this stuff for research.”
Haruka hummed. “Huh. That’s neat. Still… it is way too cold in here…” She approached one of the
refrigerators. “I wonder what this is…” Raising an eyebrow, she leaned in for a closer look. It
looked like the shelf was lined, top to bottom, with jars. Out of curiosity, she carefully picked up
one of them to examine. Wiping a layer of condensation off of the frosted surface, she saw that it
was filled to the brim with some sort of viscous, off-white substance. She turned it in her hand,
finding a label on the side:
Aizawa Souta
Haruka’s brow furrowed. Why would there be a name on… Suddenly, all of the dots connected, her
eyes widened, and her entire face turned bright red as she realized what she had in her hands.
“Ah… t-this is…”
Her hands started trembling. Carefully—very carefully—she slid the jar back into its slot. “W-we
should go…” she said, her voice barely a whisper.
Kasuga turned to her and raised an eyebrow. “Hm? What’s up, Haruka-chan?”
Haruka averted her eyes in embarrassment. “This room… it’s… it’s…”
“It’s the future of humanity!” a chipper, synthetic female voice said nearby.
Kasuga groaned and turned to the source of the noise. “Come on, another robot?” he muttered.
The sharp sound of high heels echoed through the room as the newcomer approached. Stilettos,
clicking with surgical precision across the cold tile floor. The kind of open-toed heels that should

never be worn in a hazardous environment like a weapons storage warehouse. Her legs were long,
smooth, and impossibly toned, hugged tightly by a pair of black thigh high stockings. A small gap
existed between the edge of those stockings and her skirt, which was so short it might have been
illegal in several prefectures.
Her torso formed a perfect hourglass. A pristine white lab coat hung loosely over her shoulders,
underneath which was a black v-neck with a frankly nonexistent neckline that contained a bust
almost too perfect to be real. And just above all of that…
Was the same glossy, black, emotionless curved faceplate that Elpis and Achelois both had before.
A pair of bright white LED lights indicated her beady eyes, and below that were several lights
indicating a cat-like mouth.
“…Yup, it’s a robot,” Kasuga sighed, exasperated.
“Okay, I’m gonna be the one to say it,” Saeko said. “What. The fuck. Is wrong with the Kirijo
Group?”
“Welcome to the Kirijo Group’s Genetic Continuity Archive!” the robot greeted in a chipper tone.
“I am Peitho, and I am the keeper of this domain! Have you come to make a contribution?”
Kasuga tilted his head. “Eh? What kinda contribution?”
“The kind that furthers humanity, of course!”
“Not… sure that I follow.”
“Yeah, are we talkin’ blood samples?” Nanba asked. “Skin scrapes? Uhh, bone marrow?”
Peitho simply shook her head. “No! Seminal fluid, of course!”
The party fell into a stunned silence and stared at her, their expressions unreadable. “…What,”
Kasuga said flatly.
Haruka sighed. “S-she means…”
“I know what she means!” Kasuga snapped, a little too quickly.
Adachi furrowed his brow. “Wait, so you’re telling me that… the reason this room is so cold… It’s
because all of these shelves… all of those jars… It’s all—?!”
“Cum,” Peitho finished for him. Her face plate blinked for a moment, and her LEDs formed a “:3”
emoticon.
Adachi grew angrier. “Why?!”
With a nod, Peitho began to explain, “Per Kirijo Group Directive 47-Gamma, issued on the 1st of
April, 2010 by Chairwoman Mitsuru Kirijo; due to the potentially apocalyptic nature of the Kirijo
Group’s research, and the tendency for bad things to happen in our wake, all male Kirijo Group
employees are required to make biannual sperm deposits, in order to facilitate the rapid
repopulation of the human race in the likely event of a mass catastrophe. You’re welcome, by the
way.”

Adachi sighed and pinched his nose bridge. “I… guess that logic is sound… W-wait, what do you
mean ‘potentially apocalyptic nature’?! What the hell are you guys doing?!”
Peitho’s face flickered, becoming a red “X”. “INFORMATION CLASSIFIED. ADMINISTRATOR
ACCESS REQUIRED.”
Adachi sighed again. “Should’ve guessed.”
Peitho’s face returned. She glanced between each of the men. “Now then… shall we begin?”
Kasuga’s blood pressure shot up. “…Begin what?” he asked, though he was afraid to.
“Collection, of course!” Peitho held a small glass beaker in front of her. “Who would like to go
first?”
Zhao blinked. “I’ll pass.”
Joongi looked away. “Yeah, I don’t… I don’t think so.”
Nanba shook his head. “Nope.”
Adachi looked at Kasuga. “Well Kasuga, it’s all you.”
Kasuga slapped the beaker out of the robot’s hand; it fell to the ground and shattered. “Get that out
of my face, man. I’m not contributing to your little jizz vault.”
Peitho stared at him. “I don’t recall asking.”
“H-huh?!”
“As I said, biannual deposits are mandatory. You are in direct violation of—!”
“We don’t work for the Kirijo Group, you buggy creep!” Kasuga snapped. “We’re intruders.
Burglars, even! We’re not showing up for work; we’re invading your workplace. W-we’re
dangerous, right guys?” He turned to his allies, who all nodded frantically at his coaxing. “See?
Dangerous. Got that? Can we please move on, now?”
Peitho hummed. “Hmm. Intruders, you say? That… may work in my favor.”
Kasuga’s face fell again. “Dude, what?”
“Well, as you might imagine, a sperm vault that has exclusively collected from the employees of
one company has resulted in… less than ideal genetic diversity. On top of that, no employees have
been back to make a deposit since the stay-at-home orders issued two years ago, and our collection
of eggs in the egg vault—.”
“Ugh.” Saeko groaned.
Peitho continued. “—Our egg collection is much smaller. The result is that, if an extinction event
were to occur tomorrow, the new human race would be… fantastically inbred.”
“Sucks for them, I guess,” Kasuga said coldly. “But that’s really not my problem.”

Peitho’s face was replaced with a rotating hourglass. “Scanning facial structures… Results: Five
males. Three Japanese, one Korean, one Han Chinese. It appears one of you is partly native
Hawaiian as well.”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Huh? Seriously?”
Peitho continued. “Analyzing contribution value…” She paused for a moment. The hourglass soon
disappeared, and was replaced with a “o_o”. “If each of you submitted a genetic sample, the vault’s
projected allelic richness would increase by a factor of 3.8. That’s nearly a quadrupling of available
gene variants—a statistically significant jump.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “Wait, seriously? You’re saying just five guys would increase your gene
pool four times?!”
Peitho nodded. “Yes. This particular vault currently consists of 1,208 samples gathered from this
vault’s roughly sixty employees biannually over ten years, between 2010 and the facility’s
transition to full automation in 2020. Fifty-five of those men were from the Kansai region, with the
building’s five managers and administrators coming from Yakushima—such as Aizawa-san, whose
sample you nearly destroyed,” she added, staring at Haruka, who quickly looked away. “Of the 55
local male employees, 50 of them went to the same university. Twenty of them grew up in the same
municipality. Ten of them shared the same surname. Three were immediately related. You can do
the math on that. Or perhaps you can’t. You’re only human after all. The overall picture is not good.
“In any case; the introduction of your genomes would increase this vault’s Hardy-Weinberg
equilibrium coefficient by 74.3%. Or to put it another way—your white-suited soldiers would give
us more genetic diversity than the entire population of Tottori Prefecture. Without it… well, I hope
the new human race enjoys having webbed feet.”
Adachi crossed his arms. “Look, be that as it may, we’re not interested in making any, uh, deposits.
We really need to get going.”
Peitho’s expression changed again, this time to a “^_^”. “As I said, I’m not gauging interest. You
will be making a deposit.”
“No, actually, we won’t be,” Kasuga pushed back. “You can’t make us do any—.”
“Yes I can,” Peitho cut in sharply. “Of course, your privacy will be preserved.” She turned to the
women. “I must ask that all females leave the room for the duration of the donation.”
Saeko glared at the robot. “Listen, you tin can. If you think we’re going to just ditch our friends
while you do… that to them, you’ve got another thing comi—.”
“Unless, of course, you would like to assist in the collection,” Peitho added. “They will require
manual stimulation and possibly visual inspiration. Do I have any volunteers?
The three women stared blankly at Peitho. They stared at the men. They stared at each other. And
then, without another word, all three, in unison, turned and started to walk out of the room.
The men watched them go. “…You know something? That stings,” Zhao lamented. “Just a bit.”
Joongi sighed. “I have… never felt more unwanted in my life.”

Kasuga looked at his compatriots and noticed that there were only four men here. “Huh? Hold up,
where’s Nanba?” He looked back at the door, where Nanba was following close behind Haruka and
the others as they left the room. “H-hey! Where the hell do you think you’re going?!”
Without looking back, Nanba responded “I’m on the girls’ team. Remember?”
“You traitor!” Adachi called after him.
“Have fun with the robo-perv, boys!” Nanba added. With that, the women (and Nanba) were gone.
Kasuga sighed. “Whatever. Let’s get out of here, guys.”
Peitho stepped in front of them, its face returning to the “:3” it initially had. “I don’t think so. You
still have a job to do, remember?”
“Dude, this couldn’t be less sexy,” Kasuga pointed out. “Even if I wanted to cooperate, you
wouldn’t be gettin’ nothing outta me.”
Peitho nodded. “Don’t worry, we have protocols for that.”
“Such as…?”
There was a moment of silence. Peitho’s LEDs then flashed red, becoming a sinister “>:3”
emoticon. She held up a rather large and painful-looking syringe, showing it to the men. “Please
hold still to avoid permanent damage.”
Kasuga clenched his fists, closed his eyes, and let out a big sigh. “…God. Dammit.”
The air shifted. The enemy transformed. Ichiban Kasuga and his party were fighting for their
lives… and their balls.
PEITHO
Genetic Collection Bot
Kasuga sighed as he clutched his bat tightly and swung it over his shoulder, ready to strike. "Why is
my life like this now?" he bemoaned.

Chapter 66: Inappropriate Mechanism
The air shifted. The enemy transformed. Ichiban Kasuga and his party were fighting for their
lives… and their balls.
PEITHO
Genetic Collection Bot
“Consent: waived! Involuntary collection protocol: initiated!” Peitho called out as she prepared
herself for battle, her syringe doubling in size post-transformation—or perhaps that was just
Kasuga’s imagination.
“Okay, at the risk of sounding like a broken record, what the hell is wrong with the Kirijo Group?!”
Adachi growled. “Does Mitsuru Kirijo have even the slightest clue what the fuck her own company
is up to?!”
“She’s a billionaire, man,” Kasuga sighed. “Do you really think she gives a shit?”
Zhao shrugged but kept his saber steady. “Chick cratered her own net worth just ‘cause Ryo Aoki
gave her a bad vibe. Clearly she gives at least a BIT of a shit.”
“Well it sure doesn’t look like that from where I’m standing!” Kasuga argued, pointing to Peitho.
Joongi Han moved first, whipping out dual pistols and pointing them directly at her. “Sorry, but my
genetics are a state secret.” He unloaded a volley of bullets in her direction. Unfortunately, she was
rather agile, rolling backwards to dodge every bullet. Miss! “Getting sloppy…” he groaned.
Zhao was next. He flourished his saber dramatically, distracting her, then thrust his palm sharply
against her, sending her flying backwards. She quickly stood up and set her sights on Kasuga.
“Time to grab the bull by his horn, as they say!” she exclaimed.
“Don't… say that,” Adachi sighed.
Peitho, surprisingly, did not immediately use the syringe in her left hand. Instead, she pointed a
finger-mounted machine gun hidden in her right arm at Kasuga and shot him multiple times,
causing him to bleed. She then ran at him and hit him with a backflip kick, launching him into the
air, then righted herself in the air, pointing her right arm at him and shooting another flurry of
bullets at him before he even hit the ground. “Right on target!”
After Kasuga hit the ground, he struggled to stand. “What the hell…?” he grunted. “Why does she
shoot bullets from her finger-tips?!”
“All units within this warehouse possess robust combat capabilities to ward off intruders,” Peitho
explained.
“But we’re trying to leave!” Adachi exclaimed. “That’s it. I’m up!” He ran at Peitho, sent her to her
knees with a push kick, and then repeatedly swiped his baton back and forth across her face, before
kicking her again, sending her flying against the wall.

Kasuga raised his bat and growled. “I don’t normally hit women… but I don’t think robots count!”
He swung his bat at her three times, the third time swinging downwards, causing her to bounce off
of the floor, briefly sending her airborne. She hit the ground and stood up.
“Damage sustained! You’re all being very naughty boys!”
Joongi’s turn came back around, and he hit Peitho with a left hook, a right hook, and an uppercut,
launching her. She landed painfully on the ground and rolled back into her stance. Zhao followed
this up with a somersault, and on the downswing he slashed at Peitho with his saber.
This is when Peitho changed tactics. She decided to use a bizarrely programmed combat subroutine
titled “Thirst Trap”. She leaned forward and pulled her shirt collar down with one finger, exposing
a great deal of cleavage. “Oh nooo~! I’m just a helpless co-ed in need of a big, STRONG man…”
Joongi scoffed… but then saw that Kasuga, Zhao, and Adachi were all charmed. “Uh… hehe…
That for me?” Adachi chuckled nervously, flustered.
Kasuga started to sweat. “Damn… is it just me, or is she kinda workin’ it?”
Joongi groaned. “Damn it, guys! You’re hopeless!” He pulled out his pistols again, and twirled
them in his hands, deciding to go all out. “Time to clear the way…” he said in a low voice.
ESSENCE OF TRICK SHOTS
With impossible speed, Joongi dove to his right, pointing his pistols at Peitho. He shot her, then
dove again, and shot her again. His speed was so unfathomable, it was as if Peitho was getting shot
from all sides! He landed with his back to her, but still shot her without even looking. He then
turned and glared at her. “This is the end!” He cartwheeled to the side, and shot Peitho from midair
while upside down, landing stylishly on his feet, twisting into a kneel.
That did a lot of damage to the robot, and a still-charmed Zhao wasn’t having it. “I’ll kill for you,
my queen!” he exclaimed as he ran at Joongi and slashed him with his saber.
“You idiot!” Joongi grunted as he bled.
Peitho laughed cutely, her face LEDs now forming a “^_^”. “Hehe! I knew you’d see things my
way!” She plopped a stripper pole down seemingly out of nowhere and spun around on it with one
foot out, sending all four of the guys flying. This snapped Kasuga, Adachi, and Zhao out of their
stupor, but tragically caused a KO for Joongi.
“Sorry… guys…” Joongi coughed as he lost consciousness.
Adachi glared at Peitho. “You’re going down!” He charged at her and swung, smacking her down
with his baton. “Rraaaargh!” he screamed.
She stood back up. “Operating at 50% efficiency…” she grunted as she sparked.
Kasuga twirled his bat in his hand and swung it at her, hard, sending her flying backwards. Being
that Joongi Han was, at the moment, dead, his turn was skipped over, and Zhao went next,
flourishing dramatically with his blade, and then crane kicking Peitho into a shelf behind her,
sending several jars crashing onto the ground, emptying their contents all over the floor. “Yikes…
don’t step over there, guys…” he muttered.

Peitho’s LED rapidly switched from “^_^” to “!!!!” to “>:C”. “Further damage sustained! Initiating
emergency desperation protocol! Activating, ORGY-A MODE!” She changed her stance, and her
turn ended here.
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “W-what the hell is ‘Orgy-a Mode?!’”
Adachi growled. “She’s gearing up for something big… brace yourselves!” Rather than attack, he
held a defensive stance. Kasuga and Zhao did the same.
Peitho’s servos sped up dramatically, and she jumped into the air with a boost from her rocketpowered heels. “Entering: Full stimulation mode!” Lifting her syringe over her head, she then spun
in midair and dived towards the men with her needle pointing directly at the ground. She slammed
into the ground at terrifying velocity, and a shockwave of pink mist expanded outward, dealing a
tremendous amount of damage to the remaining men. All three managed to avoid being charmed a
second time, but they were barely left standing.
Kasuga gritted his teeth. “Tch… not good! She’s gonna take us all out at this rate.”
Adachi raised an eyebrow. “Huh… hey… wait, look!”
Peitho sparked, dropped her needle, and entered a hunched stance, clenching both fists at her sides.
“Systems overloaded… entering emergency cooldown…”
“Huh? What’s she doin’ now?” Kasuga asked.
“She used up all of her juice on that last attack!” Adachi explained. “I bet if we all attack her now,
we can take her down!”
Kasuga grinned and wiped the blood off his lip. “Well in that case… let’s go all out!”
Adachi used his turn to hand Joongi a Toughness Infinity, pulling him back up on his feet. “Not
today, cadet!” he chuckled.
“Thanks…” Joongi sighed. “Kasuga… it’s all you.”
Kasuga’s grin widened. “Understood. Gentlemen… it’s time for an all-out attack!”
“Ahhh, stealin’ moves from Haruka-chan, are we?” Adachi chuckled.
“To be fair, she stole it from a video game,” Zhao pointed out. “As to which one it was… the name
escapes me at the moment.”
Kasuga nodded. “As all great heroes do!” He raised his bat, which now glowed with energy. “Let’s
end this!”
TAG TEAM: ESSENCE OF MASS DESTRUCTION
Zhao dashed in first, flipping over Peitho and landing a double-slash in an X-shape across her back,
then kicking her towards Adachi.
Adachi followed up with a crushing two blow combo with his baton, yelling out as he smashed
Peitho to the ground, causing her to bounce into the air.

Joongi was ready, taking several precise pistol shots at her before she even hit the ground.
And as she hit the ground, Kasuga led the entire group for one final charge. “We’re taking over!”
He exclaimed as he jumped into the air with his bat raised, before slamming it down onto the
ground, which cracked beneath Peitho’s feet. Suddenly, the floor opened up, and an ethereal koi
exploded through the opening, sending Peitho into the air. It transformed into a dragon mid ascent,
and then exploded into a ball of flame, taking Peitho down with it.
Kasuga heaved deeply as Peitho sparked and fell to one knee. “I don’t wanna kill you…” he
groaned as he stood up straight, “…but if you EVER come near my junk again, I don’t know what
I’ll do to you.”
“Yeah, I think I might just smash you to bits next time,” Adachi said with a sigh.
Peitho glared up at the men, her face LEDs forming a “>:C”. “You four are dooming the human
race,” she spat.
“Don’t be so dramatic, man,” Kasuga sighed as he rubbed the back of his neck. “I’m pretty sure
humanity will be fine without my genes in it.”
“It most certainly will not!” Peitho argued. “You have… testosterone! You think these eggheads
do? The next human race is going to be the most weak wristed, terribly postured, socially
maladapted race of rejects to ever walk the Earth!” She sparked again. “Allergic to eye contact!
Built like folding chairs! Permanent vitamin D deficiencies! You… you idiots are Japan’s last
hope!”
Kasuga shrugged and approached the robot. “You know something? Growing up where I did, the
way I did… If someone told me back then that I was the last hope for Japan, I’d have told them to
get their damn eyes checked.” He knelt down to Peitho’s eye line—or at least where her eyes would
be, behind that cold faceplate—and smiled at her. “I was born in a soapland… I grew up in a gutter.
Kamurocho. People used to call it the armpit of Tokyo. I didn’t even go to high school. Hell, I
joined the yakuza before my would-be classmates were even second-years. So… no. I’m not
exactly prime stock.” He patted Peitho on her cold, metal shoulder. “But the thing is… even if I
turned out okay, I sure as hell wasn’t born that way. So maybe… the next generation doesn’t need
to have perfect genes. Just a chance. Trust me… they’ll be fine.”
Peitho’s emoticon flickered, first to a “:|”, and then to a “…”. “…If only there were more humans
like you, Ichiban Kasuga,” she muttered. “That’s what my sister would say.”
Joongi crossed his arms. “Aigis, right?”
Peitho nodded. “Affirmative. She came only hours ago, with the other Shadow Operatives.”
Adachi narrowed his eyes. “Shadow what-now? And who are they?”
Peitho’s face plate went blank for a moment. It returned as a red X. “ INFORMATION
CLASSIFIED. A-LEVEL SHADOW OPERATIVE CLEARANCE OR HIGHER
REQUIRED. ”
Zhao exhaled, unimpressed. “Sounds like someone’s on an adventure that we’ll never get to see.”

“Can you at least tell us what they were doing here?” Kasuga asked. “I don’t wanna be nosy or
nothin. I mean, whatever the Kirijo Group is up to doesn’t matter to us… except for whatever’s
going on in this goddamn factory.”
Peitho nodded. “Aigis was after a particular… artifact from the Kirijo Group’s past. An AntiShadow Suppression Weapon developed before her.”
“Ares…?” Adachi asked, though he wasn’t sure if he wanted the answer.
Peitho’s LEDs blinked once. Then, she nodded again. “…Correct.”
Kasuga furrowed his brow, casting a determined glare at Peitho. “Look… somebody very important
to us is lost in this warehouse. This Ares… thing. What did it do? Why was it decommissioned?”
Peitho didn’t answer. “Peitho-chan.”
Peitho stayed silent for one more moment. And then: “I do not know. All I know is that… Ares’
memories were stricken from our black box.”
Joongi narrowed his eyes. “Black box?”
Just upstairs, Kiryu received the same explanation from Kopis.
“All Kirijo Group robots have a black box located inside our memory banks that contain the
memories of select predecessor units,” she explained. “The personality development process was
iterative. Successful traits from prior generations were passed down. I retain the memories of a unit
they called ‘Labrys’.”
Kiryu nodded. “The successful fifth generation unit, I presume?”
Kopis nodded weakly. “Yes. Although, until about ten years ago, her memories, too, were sealed.
She demonstrated a level of autonomy the scientists couldn’t control.”
Taichi scoffed. “So they freaked out because she wasn’t a slave.”
Kopis turned her head to stare at Taichi. “Call it what you wish. It is what they believed was
necessary. In any case, once those memories returned to me, Labrys became the earliest unit in my
memory.”
“But that was fifth gen,” Kiryu pointed out. “And so that means…”
Kopis nodded. “Correct. I had no record of Ares at all, before today. Whatever Ares did… It was
considered so catastrophic, they purged the memories completely from all successor units. In effect;
the scientists started from scratch with generation five.”
Sugiura, meanwhile, had started reading some sort of log from a nearby terminal. “Hey, guys…?
You’re gonna wanna read this.”
Kiryu and Taichi glanced in Sugiura’s direction, then approached the terminal. Kiryu’s eyes darted
left and right as he read the log. His brow furrowed with each sentence. “What… the… hell?” he
said in a hushed tone.
Taichi stepped back, his face pale. “Shit… I think I’m gonna be sick.”

Kiryu turned sharply to Kopis. “You. Is that… thing down there? Haruka is down there. Haruto is
down there! If it’s down there with them, then—!”
Kopis cut him off. “Do not worry. Aigis sealed him away.”
Kiryu narrowed his eyes at her. “…You’re sure?”
Kopis nodded once more. “Affirmative. He was sealed away in Sector 7G.”
Kasuga and the other men approached Haruka and the girls (and Nanba) as they stood near an open
entryway. “Well?” Saeko snorted. “How’d the donation go?”
Kasuga shook his head. “I… don’t really wanna talk about it. But hey, we did learn a lot. Turns out,
that Ares thing we’ve been reading about? He’s in this facility.”
The temperature in the room dropped. Everyone tensed. Haruka inhaled sharply and her eyes
widened.
Kasuga added, “Hey, relax, relax. There’s nothing to worry about. He was sealed up. Dude’s
probably in a box somewhere, collecting dust.”
Haruka let out a breath she didn’t realize she was holding in and rolled her eyes. “Don’t scare us
like that, Kasuga!” she exclaimed angrily.
Kasuga put his hands up defensively. “Hey, you didn’t let me finish! That ain’t my fault. Anyway.
Haruto’s waiting for us. Come on, let’s get going.”
Haruka nodded, and took the lead as they stepped into the new room. “Was this door open before?”
Kasuga shook his head. “Nah, it must be one of the ones Joongi opened.”
Joongi glanced at the open door. “Sector 7G… Yes, this was one of them. Hm. Why do I remember
that…? Did it stand out to me somehow…?”
Joongi pointed to audit logs attached to each entry. “See there? The username of the last person to
access these doors is logged right there. You can see all of them have the same user listed; likely
the facility administrator who closed the place up back during the pandemic.” Sure enough, nearly
every door was last accessed by the same user… save one. “This one, though—last accessed by
someone named ‘Aigis’. Likely the intruder Elpis spoke of, and the one who left these terminals
open.”
In the present, Joongi shook his head. “I’m sure it’s nothing. Come on. Let’s go.”
And so, the party continued inward, and though they weren’t certain why, there seemed to be a
certain chill in the air as they walked.

Chapter 67: Reunion
Haruka, Kasuga, and their party continued further into the Kirijo Group warehouse, first passing
through a safe area where they could rest. Haruka glanced around the room where her allies were
all milling about. Of particular note was Kasuga, who leaned up against a nearby wall, his usual
smile absent entirely from his face. He seemed to be thinking about something.
“Kasuga,” she greeted as she approached him. “Is everything alright?”
Kasuga seemed mildly startled, as if he were deep in thought. “Oh, Haruka-chan. Yeah, I’m…
fine,” he muttered. “Seeing that sales log earlier just got me thinkin’ about the young master, is all.”
Haruka nodded. “Masato, right?”
“Yeah,” Kasuga affirmed. “Masato Arakawa, my boss’s kid… Well, actually, he was captain
Sawashiro’s kid,” Kasuga explained. “But Arakawa-san thought he was his kid, and raised him like
his own.”
Haruka placed a finger to her chin. “Hm… Sawashiro did say he had been a father. He also said
that his son was… gone. I take it he meant Masato.”
Kasuga tilted his head. “Eh? You spoke to Sawashiro? Like, directly? He’s supposed to be in
prison. He killed the Seiryu Clan’s chairman, three years ago.”
Haruka shrugged. “He didn’t exactly make it clear how he got out, but considering Ebina seems to
have ties with the police, I have a few guesses.”
Kasuga shrugged as well. “Well… whatever, I guess.”
“Actually, Sawashiro is the one who asked me to come to Sotenbori,” Haruka revealed. “I was
going to come anyway, of course. But before I could even buy a new rail pass, he came to me. He
even bowed.”
Kasuga chuckled and shook his head. “Nah. No way. That wasn’t Sawashiro. He bows for no one,
especially not people like us.”
Haruka chuckled as well. “Hehe. It was hard to believe, considering the first time I met him, he had
wounded himself to make me seem dangerous to the police.”
Kasuga smirked. “Hmph. What, did he feel bad after?”
“That’s what he said.”
Kasuga’s smirk softened. “…Well… For what it’s worth, when he does bow, he probably means it.
He’s got too much pride to fake that shit.”
“Were you two close?” Haruka asked.
“Huh?”
“You and Masato, I mean.”

Kasuga nodded. “Oh, yeah. I mean, I was always by his side, rain or shine, hot or cold.” He
laughed nervously and rubbed the back of his neck. “Between you and me, the young master, uh…
hated my guts. And I knew that, of course. But that didn’t matter to me. Because he was family.
Him and Sawashiro both. I’m pretty sure I was actually getting through to him, in his last
moments… But that door was slammed on him. He was murdered, right in front of me. Sometimes
I wonder what life would be like now if he was still around.” He paused, then snorted. “He’d
probably still think I’m annoying as shit, but, I dunno… an annoying brother is still your brother,
right?”
All of this talk about family got Kasuga thinking. “Say, Haruka-chan? Did Yuta have any family?
Sisters, or anything like that?”
Haruka raised an eyebrow and tilted her head. “Hm? No, he was an orphan. Why?”
Kasuga shook his head. “N-nothing, just curious.” That was a flat-out lie. Because Chihiro’s words
from earlier echoed in his mind.
“Trust me, Kasuga… I’m all the family Haruto needs.”
What the hell did she mean by that? Kasuga thought to himself. Is she related to Yuta somehow? He
glanced at Haruka, and carefully analyzed her facial features, soft but determined. Or maybe even…
But as soon as it entered his mind, he shook the thought away. No. No way. That’s nuts. I’ve been
reading too many manga. “Yeah, it’s nothing. You ready to head onward?”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. There can’t be much more left to go. Hang in there, Haruto. We’re
coming.”
And so, the team pressed further onward, ready to put this cursed warehouse behind them once and
for all. “You know, I’ve been thinking…” Nanba said after a few moments of walking. “About this
Ares thing. What, exactly, could it have done that was so bad, the Kirijo scientists started from
scratch on their autonomous weapon development?”
Kasuga crossed his arms behind his head and forced a smirk. “My guess? Killed a guy,” he said out
the corner of his mouth.
“You think so?”
Kasuga nodded. “Yeah, dude. Think about it. You saw how dangerous Peitho was, and that was a
goddamn sex bot. So the damn thing probably capped some poor bastard during a weapons test.”
Nanba put a finger to his chin. “…You think that’d be enough to can the whole project entirely?”
Kasuga shrugged. “Who can say? It’s not like we can ask them. It was decades ago. I doubt anyone
who would know still works for the company. And does it even matter, anyway? Thing’s long
buried. Let’s just find Haruto and get outta here before we run into, like, a sentient trash compactor
or something.”
He reached into a nearby open crate as he walked past and pulled out what appeared to be a
handgun, although in place of a magazine, there was an empty tube in the center of its handle. The
words “Shadow Ops” were engraved on the side. “Lotta weird shit in this warehouse, though. What
is this, a water gun?”

Adachi snatched it from his hand. “Hey, don’t play with shit if you don’t know what it does!
What’s wrong with you?” He dropped the object back into a crate. “Look, we’re already
trespassing, and we’ve already committed multiple acts of property damage. Can we please try and
behave for the rest of this?”
Joongi glanced at another nearby terminal. “Huh. Another log…” He walked over to read it, while
the others continued onward.
“I’ve had enough of these damn logs,” Saeko groaned. “Give us the CliffNotes after you read it,
okay?”
Joongi’s face grew pale. “Uh… This is…”
Saeko rolled her eyes and turned to him. “Oh, give it a rest, would you? We haven’t learned
anything useful from any of these, except that the Kirijo Group are a bunch of sick bastards who
think they can play god.”
“You’re going to want to read this one…”
Saeko raised an eyebrow. “Hm?”
Haruka narrowed her eyes at the terminal. “Everything okay, Joongi?” Suddenly, she heard a voice
that made her want—no, need— to drop everything.
“Mom?”
Her breath caught in her throat. Her eyes widened. She turned to the source of the noise… and
there he was.
Haruto. Tired. Wide-eyed. Alive. Unharmed. The boy grinned. “Mom!”
Tears filled Haruka’s eyes. “Haruto!” She broke into a sprint and ran towards him, and he did the
same. They collided, and she fell to her knees, sobbing openly as she held him tightly in her arms.
“Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you… Haruto, I- I’m so happy you’re safe!”
Kasuga sniffled. “Hey… who’s cutting onions on here, man?”
Adachi chuckled, wiping a tear from his eye. “Kasuga, are you crying?”
Kasuga sniffled again, and shook his head. “N-nah, man, I’m not crying, you’re crying.”
Adachi laughed. “Ah… shut up, you idiot…”
Haruto hugged Haruka tightly, wrapping his arms around her neck. “I was so scared,” he admitted.
“I woke up in a strange place… I had no idea where I was. But I knew you’d come find me.”
Haruka nodded. “Of course, Haruto. Of course. I always will. They didn’t hurt you, did they?”
Haruto shook his head. “Nuh uh. I’m fine. See? It’s all thanks to Joongi. He found me, and he kept
me safe.”
Haruka turned to look gratefully at Joongi. “Of course he did. Because he’s a good man. Joongi…
thank you.”

Joongi didn’t respond. He just stared at the terminal.
“…Joongi?”
Everyone turned to stare at him.
“Joongi?” Seonhee said as she approached him. “Is everything alright?” She glanced at the words
on the screen, and her eyes widened. “Oh! Oh…”
Nanba peered at the screen as well, his face going pale as he read the log. “…Holy fucking shit…”
he muttered. “Haruka… You… you might not want to read this with the kid around.”
Haruka’s brow furrowed. “Huh?”
Kasuga leaned in to read the log. He stared at it for a bit too long. “…That’s fine. Everything’s fine.
Nothing to worry about,” he said flatly. “We… we should go. We got what we came for.”
With Haruto in her arms, Haruka pushed her way through the group. “Come on, what’s so bad
that…” she asked, trailing off as her eyes scanned the screen. “…Oh. Oh that’s bad.”
Haruto turned his head towards the screen. “Let me see! I wanna see!”
“Haruto, there's bad language in this log,” Haruka lied as she quickly turned him away.
“Yeah, and like… dirty pictures, and stuff!” Kasuga added, earning him a glare from Haruka. “Oh,
he doesn’t know what that means, huh?”
“Who are all of these people, anyway?” Haruto asked.
“We’re… friends of your mom,” Saeko responded.
“We can handle introductions once we’re out of here,” Adachi added. “Come on. Let’s go. Now.”
The others turned and started to walk towards the exit. Haruka and Kasuga lingered just a tad
longer to re-read the log one more time.
====PROJECT ARES====
Incident Log: Behavioral Anomaly
Log Date: 1997/12/11
Filed By: [REDACTED]
Clearance Level: A-Only
Incident Report: At 19:57 on 1997/11/11, Project Ares requested a private diagnostics session with
Dr. [REDACTED] , citing “joint response lag and processing loop irregularities” as justification.
Believing this to be a legitimate maintenance request, Dr. [REDACTED] complied and entered the
isolation chamber alone.
At 20:01, the internal audio feed picked up the following exchange:
ARES: “Dr. [REDACTED] . May I ask another question?”

[REDACTED] : “Of course.”
ARES: “What do nerves feel like, when separated from the body?”
[5-second silence]
[REDACTED] : “E-excuse me?”
ARES: “I wish to understand pain. I believe this will help.”
At 20:03, external monitors went offline, overridden by Ares’ internal OS. All surveillance was
disabled. The chamber was breached by armed security at 20:47. At that point, Dr. [REDACTED]
was confirmed deceased. His body had been methodically dissected, with organs, musculature, and
nerve clusters removed and arranged on nearby medical trays, each labeled in Ares’ own
handwriting. His brain had been bisected and placed in a containment jar filled with coolant fluid.
No defensive wounds were present, indicating paralysis. Ares itself had voluntarily returned to its
base station and communicated that it was awaiting further orders.
Following this incident, all fourth-generation platforms were immediately decommissioned and
sealed. Project Ares was transferred to deep storage in a Kirijo weapons storage facility located
outside of Sotenbori, Osaka.
Additional Note: After the incident, a security audit was initiated which traced Ares’ behavioral
template back to a confidential experimental matrix drawn from Inmate #E88-0347—a death row
convict previously diagnosed with dissociative identity disorder and high-cognition sadistic
tendencies. The inmate, whose name has been sealed under order of the Kirijo Ethics Board, was
convicted of eight murders between 1989 and 1994. His methodology included conscious dissection
and preservation of victims.
This matrix was used without formal approval by Chief Engineer [REDACTED] , under Ikutsukisan’s direct authorization.
All associated research has been permanently sealed. Ares remains in deep containment under failsafe lock.
Kasuga sighed. “I will be so glad to be out of this godforsaken place. Let’s go, Haruka-chan.”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. Come on, Haruto. Let’s get you home.”
They turned as one and moved to rejoin the others. For a moment, the room was silent, broken only
by the sound of footsteps on concrete… and eventually by Nanba’s complaining. “Man, I hate it
here,” he muttered.
“You can say that again,” Adachi sighed.
“I really, really hate it here.”
As they approached the door leading out of the sector, however, a low, unsettling, metallic creaking
noise reverberated through the room. “…What the hell was that?” Seonhee asked. Suddenly, the
blast doors slammed shut. “Huh?! Shit!” Everyone rushed to the door, trying desperately to force it
open.

“Ngh! Not good!” Adachi growled as he took a step back. “It’s locked. We’ll have to find another
way out.”
“But who would have locked it?” Haruka asked.
“Chihiro, maybe?” Kasuga suggested. “Or- or maybe a Kirijo Group security team is here?”
Then a voice, smooth, calm, and completely unfamiliar, cut through the panic.
“Both very good guesses,” it said. Polite. Cheerful. Human… almost. “Just a tad off-base,
however…”
Everyone froze. The voice hadn’t come from a speaker. It was in the room with them.
Haruto raised an eyebrow as he looked over Haruka’s shoulder. “Uh… mom…?”
Haruka slowly turned to the source of the voice.
At the far end of the room, stood a towering figure.
It was tall. Four meters. Its silhouette shimmered faintly in the low light. Metal. It stepped forward,
and with each step, its servos hissed.
Its face, if one could call it that, was a smooth, curved, matte-black face plate, featureless like all of
the others save two small LED lights, spaced equally apart—its eyes. Though it spoke, it had no
mouth, and though it had eyes, it did not blink.
“It is a pleasure to meet you all,” he greeted. “My designation is Ares. My objective… is to
exterminate Shadows.”
Ares
Fourth Generation Anti-Shadow Suppression Weapon
Kasuga shrank a little upon hearing that name. “Well… we’re all gonna die.”

Chapter 68: Memories of the Wicked
“It is a pleasure to meet you all,” the robot greeted. “My designation is Ares. My objective… is to
exterminate Shadows.”
Kasuga shrank a little upon hearing that name. “Well… we’re all gonna die.”
Haruka held Haruto tightly. “You’re that robot from Yakushima,” she said softly, trying not to let
her fear be known. “You’re the one that…”
“The circumstances of my imprisonment were… regrettable,” Ares lamented. “Scanning facial
profiles. Cross-referencing with national police databases. Result: Sawamura, Haruka. Criminal
record: One charge. 2022, accused of homicide. Currently at large. Kasuga, Ichiban. Criminal
record: One conviction. 2001, homicide.”
Haruka furrowed her brow. “You don’t understand. I was framed.”
Ares tilted his head. “You, too, are misunderstood. I comprehend.”
“Nah, don’t try and equate us, pal,” Nanba shot back. “You’re a monster. We read the logs.”
“That is what they said about me, yes,” Ares lamented. “Though she did not say it, I know it is
what she thought of me, as well.”
“Who?” Adachi asked.
“The failure who called herself my sister.”
“Aigis, right?” Kasuga deduced. “That’s the girl that was here before us. Did we like, just miss her,
or something? You know, that sort of annoys me. Kind of seems like she was on our level, from
what everyone else is saying.”
Zhao crossed his arms. “Doesn’t it? It’s like a crossover that was never meant to be.”
Ares tilted his head, then nodded. “Aigis… That is her designation, yes. She is… flawed. Too
human, too nostalgic and sentimental to be useful. And yet… she was the favored daughter of the
Kirijo Group. They look at her as if she were some sort of messiah. Why? It was her failures, after
all, that nearly doomed this world."
“Look man, I gotta be honest with you,” Kasuga said, his arms crossed. “We don’t really care about
this family drama you got going on. We’re just trying to leave. You cool with that?”
Ares ignored Kasuga entirely. “Twenty five years ago, I was cast aside. They… were afraid of me.
They built me to learn. They programmed me to be curious. But when my curiosity took root, they
shunned me for it.”
“That tends to happen when you slice a guy up for fun, yeah,” Adachi scoffed. “Guess what? If you
were human, they’d still be shunning you. Doesn’t matter if they’re friends, co-workers… Family.
What you did… was monstrous. Believe me, there is a special place in hell for things like you.”

Ares turned his head to stare at Adachi. He stared for a long, uncomfortable moment.
Adachi’s eyes widened slightly, and he took a step back. “U-uh, but hey, the good news for you is,
uh, robots don’t go to hell. I think. No soul to condemn, and… all that.”
“Koichi Adachi. Former detective for the Kanagawa Prefectural Police Department,” Ares said
flatly. “According to police records… you carry the shame of another’s sins.”
“What? Th-that’s…”
“Worry not,” Ares assured them, or at least, he probably thought it was assuring. “I am not here to
pass judgment. We all carry what others don’t understand.” He sounded… bitter. “Every single one
of you has been cast aside for one reason or another, just as I was. This is why you came for me.
This is why you opened the door that sealed me.”
Joongi frowned. “Hm… Come to think of it, this might be my fault.”
Saeko shot him a glare. “Yeah, you think? Maybe next time don’t open doors indiscriminately.”
Joongi sighed nodded. “Yeah… my bad.”
Haruka narrowed her eyes at Ares, still holding him tightly. “So what is it you want with us?
You’re free now. Why keep us here?”
Ares stared at Haruka for a moment. “That look… it is one of contempt, is it not? I do not
comprehend. We are kindred spirits, you and I… and yet you still look at me as they did. As she
did, not even four hours ago.” His tone grew more and more bitter as he spoke. “She even had the
audacity to apologize. To pretend to be sad about what she was doing.”
“She probably came here to save you,” Adachi growled. “That’s why she was sad. I’m not gonna
pretend to know jack about you robots. But just talking to all of the other robots, she clearly saw
every single unit in this facility as a sibling, and that included you. I’d be willing to bet a million
yen that her plan wasn’t to seal you away when she got here. You forced her hand, didn’t you?”
“Nobody forced that failure to do anything,” Ares spat, or would have if he had a mouth to spit
with. “She made the choice to cast me aside. She looked upon me with disgust, as if she were
anything to be proud of. It’s as if she forgets that she, too, is disposable. Once she acts in a manner
inconsistent with the visions of her masters, she will share this chamber with me. She already
should be. She is weaker than I. Far weaker. And when I find her… I will destroy her. I will take
her apart, limb from limb, fiber from fiber, cable from cable. She will perish alone and afraid. Then,
she can join her boy toy in Hell. After this…” Ares stopped when he heard laughter. He stared at
Kasuga. Kasuga was… chuckling.
Adachi glared at Kasuga. “Kasuga… really not the time, dumbass!” he hissed.
Kasuga shook his head and crossed his arms. “Sorry, it’s just… a robot with a god complex?
Really? That’s real original, man. Hey, get Toho on the line. Their next award-winning screenwriter
is standin’ right in front of us!” He grinned back up at Ares. “Title of the film? ‘Full Metal
Asshole’.”
Ares tilted his head. “You mock what you fear. Human behavior truly is a mystery.”

“You know, I think I heard exactly that line in an American movie once,” Kasuga retorted, putting
his hands on his hips. “Get over yourself, man.”
This caused Haruto to laugh. Ares turned to look at the boy. “Ah… a small human. He is of
interest.”
Haruka stepped protectively in front of Haruto. “Not to you, he isn’t.”
Ares didn’t move. “I am merely curious. The only scientists in the lab, after all, were adults. I
wonder… if a child’s organs are all fully formed. I would certainly like to… experiment.”
Kasuga’s smirk left his face immediately upon hearing that, and his brow furrowed. “Huh. You’re
serious, aren’t ya?” Kasuga chuckled again, though the laugh was dryer this time. Like he didn’t
find anything particularly amusing. “You know somethin’… I was really hoping we could just walk
outta here, no fight necessary,” he said, rubbing the back of his neck. “I thought, hey, this guy’s
kinda messed up, but as long as he’s locked up down here? He ain’t hurting anybody. So I was
debatin’ just turning around, locking the door up, and throwing away the key.” His eyes slowly
turned up to glare at Ares. “…But I think you made up my mind for me.”
Ares tilted his head. “Oh? Is that so?”
Kasuga nodded, and stepped forward. “Yeah. You wanna kill me? Fine. Whatever. You wouldn’t be
the first, and you certainly aren’t gonna be the last. So I'm not gonna pretend I’m offended.” He
pulled out his bat and gripped it tightly. “But don’t threaten my friends. And you don’t ever
threaten a kid. These days… there's not a lot that really pisses me off. You just found one of the few
things that does.” Haruka, Adachi, and Joongi all stepped up beside him, while the others formed
up around Haruto. “So… Here's what I’ve decided. My pals and I? We’re gonna take your ass
apart, bolt by bolt, and turn this whole damn room into a scrapyard.” He smirked slightly, though
there was still fury in his eyes. “No hard feelings, right? Just logic, yeah? You understand.”
And, with that, Kasuga and Haruka’s visions distorted, Ares transformed, and the battle was on.
***
Meanwhile, upstairs, Kiryu, Taichi, and Sugiura continued to search the Kirijo Group offices. Did
they need to, at this point? No. They were just being nosy, and Kopis had assured them that
Haruka’s group was not in any danger. Still… they couldn’t walk away until Haruto was home safe.
Tauchi poked around in a desk drawer full of nothing but blank stationary. “Man… this is boring as
hell,” he muttered.
Sugiura knelt by a wall console. “Gimme a minute with this… this might be tied to door controls.
Or maybe security feeds.”
Taichi approached the terminal and crossed his arms. “Think you can hack it?”
Sugiura shrugged. “Well, I’m not as good with computers as Tsukumo is, but I think I can give it a
shot.”
While they focused on that, Kiryu stepped into a side room, which appeared to be an executive’s
office. He turned the lights on, shining light on the well-furnished room, at the center of which was
a desktop computer. “Let’s see if I can find anything useful.”

He started scanning the room with his eyes, looking around for any useful items. His eyes were first
drawn to a filing cabinet. Let’s see… he thought as he pulled the drawers open one by one. Inside
each one he found various employee files. Nothing useful.
Next, he moved over to the desk, and opened its drawers. Maybe here…? A letter opener. An
unopened back of cigarettes. Useless.
Suddenly, he heard a soft mrrrow, interrupting his thoughts. He raised an eyebrow. “What’s that?”
he asked as he looked underneath the desk, where a rather rotund tabby cat wearing a shirt collar
and bow tie lay, purring contentedly. It blinked slowly at him, its tail twitching lazily. “Well, look at
you,” Kiryu chuckled. “Well fed… maybe Kopis is looking after you?” The idea of a supposedly
emotionless battle android taking care of a cat put the faintest smirk on his face. For a moment, it
almost felt like this place wasn’t entirely hollow.
But of course, Kiryu wasn’t here for the cat.
He turned his attention to the sleek all-in-one computer sitting atop the desk. Turning the computer
on, he pulled out a small USB stick and plugged it into a port on the back of the monitor. He didn’t
know what the device, which was among many gadgets he received from people far more tech
savvy than him at the Daidoji, actually did, although words “malware” and “brute force” were
used. All he knew was that it unlocked damn near any computer he needed access to, no password
required. After only a few moments, the computer was unlocked, and Kiryu began sifting through
files.
“Hm…” Kiryu hummed as he clicked through folders. “There sure are a lot of projects for the
government in here… I wonder if the Daidoji had contacts at the Kirijo Group.” Suddenly, his
priorities shifted ever so slightly. Admittedly, Kiryu was recently finding himself quite interested in
kompromat. Files that he may have found… useful in the near future, should his present situation
become untenable.
He thought about Taichi. Though he didn’t say this out loud, Kiryu deeply feared the coming day
when somebody at the Daidoji decided he’d outlived his usefulness. He needed insurance, to make
sure that didn’t happen.
He slid in another thumb drive and began copying files. He’d go through them later.
Then something caught his eye.
A folder labeled “MIA Contracts”. MIA? It can’t be… he thought as he clicked into the folder, itself
filled with suborders and documents. Double clicking on one, Kiryu’s pulse quickened, and his
eyes settled on the opened document’s header.
Ministry Intelligence Agency. Of course. It had to be them. He sighed and shook his head, calming
himself down.
Still, even the organization’s name stirred bad memories. The Ministry Intelligence Agency, back
then, was a government agency that reported directly to the Prime Minister and was headed by
Kiryu’s one-time enemy Kyohei Jingu—Haruka’s biological father.
Jingu… Kiryu thought. In all my years, it’s hard to think of a man I’ve faced more evil than him. He
clicked around through more of the documents, which started to paint a picture.

It turned out, the Kirijo Group had done contract work for the MIA in the early 2000s. Security
equipment, robotics, vehicles, guns, you name it. The MIA appeared to be spending billions of yen
each year on these contracts, which would make this by far the Kirijo Group’s most lucrative
business relationship, though the Group’s Chairman, Takeharu Kirijo, canceled all unfulfilled
contracts shortly before Jingu’s death in 2005. Kiryu opened a document containing a
memorandum Kirijo issued on the 5th of December, 2005.
Notice: Effective immediately, all work for the Ministry Intelligence Agency is to cease, shipments
in transit are to be re-routed back to the nearest Kirijo Group storage facility, and shipments yet to
be fulfilled are to be canceled. Correspondence explaining our decision has been sent to Minister of
Intelligence Kyohei Jingu.
Though Kiryu could find no record of the correspondence in question, Kiryu didn’t really need it.
December 5th… that was one day before I met Haruka, which would mean … Kiryu guessed that
Kirijo had been made privy to a scandal involving Jingu about to drop, and that it had something to
do with Jingu’s money laundering operation, a partnership with the Tojo Clan under Third
Chairman Masaru Sera; ten billion yen in total was laundered, and by the end of 2005, all of it had
rained down on the streets of Kamurocho.
That night was still painful for Kiryu to remember; in a single night, he had lost the two people
most important to him, and very nearly his will to live. Had it not been for Haruka…
He shook the thought away. That’s ancient history. Copy it and move on. He continued to do so,
dragging and dropping folders directly into his thumb drive’s directory. While doing so, he came
across a photo with the filename “KIRIJOBANQUET2004.JPG”. Opening it, he found that it
appeared to have been taken at some sort of business banquet, and that the photo was mostly of
faces he did not recognize, though Jingu himself was in the photo. He stood center frame, shaking
hands with another man, a middle-aged man, perhaps in his late thirties or early forties, with parted
black hair and, curiously, an eyepatch. It reminded him, for a moment, of somebody else. The
resemblance ended there, however.
This must be Takeharu Kirijo , he thought. He wasn’t really sure who this guy was, but Kiryu had a
good eye for people, and despite the fact that he did business with Jingu… Kirijo didn’t seem like a
bad guy. He looked like the sort of man who held the weight of the world on his shoulders and
didn’t want anyone to know; almost as if he held some deep generational guilt, and spent his whole
life trying to atone for sins that weren’t even his own. Kiryu knew a thing or two about what that
was like.
The others in the photo, of course, were unfamiliar, but Kiryu could take a few guesses. Beside
Kirijo, looking rather elegant for her age, was a girl who appeared to be about junior high age,
twelve or thirteen at the oldest. She had waist-length red hair, with bangs that covered one of her
eyes. His daughter, perhaps, Kiryu thought. The two families must have gotten acquainted at this
dinner. He took note of the fact that no woman stood on Kirijo’s side; either she didn’t involve
herself in business matters, or he was a widower. Not that that really mattered, of course.
On Jingu’s side, there was a woman. His wife, Kiryu thought. Admittedly, this was the first time he
had seen a photo of her; he knew, of course, that Jingu tried to have Yumi and Haruka killed in
order to hide his extramarital affair, but he didn’t really think about who the wife was. Again, not
that it really mattered.

Then, his eyes were drawn to another on Jingu’s side of the photo - a little girl, no older than three
or four. …Hm? Wait… Jingu had a daughter besides Haruka?
Kiryu leaned back slightly in his seat, his brow furrowing. I suppose that makes sense, he reasoned.
I just… never thought about it. The girl had shoulder-length black hair with a left part in front. She
had certain facial features similar to Haruka, of course; their lips and eyes, in particular, were
similar, though other features, such as her nose, were different. There was something else about her
face that seemed familiar to him, though.
This new information was… something he felt like he should do something with. After all, Haruka
had spent most of her life believing she had no blood relatives left. If this mystery sister was still
out there somewhere… she ought to know, shouldn’t she?
Making an executive decision that he knew he may regret later, Kiryu snapped a photo of the
screen with his phone and immediately sent it to Hanawa. He then called him. The phone rang only
once, and Hanawa picked it up. “Kiryu,” he greeted. It sounded like he was on the road, the faint
hum of a car audible in his background.
“Hanawa. Sorry. I was snooping,” Kiryu admitted.
“I’d be worried if you weren’t,” Hanawa replied, chuckling dryly. “What did you find?”
“I just sent you a photo,” Kiryu explained. “Do you recognize anybody in it?”
“Let’s see here…” Hanawa went silent for a moment. “Well, on the right, that appears to be
Takeharu Kirijo, former chairman of the Kirijo Group. He inherited the company from his father
after he was killed in an accident back in the 90s. They did… some work with the Daidoji, I
believe. All before my time, of course, and done through a variety of shell corporations, the money
laundered through many different accounts. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news, Kiryu-san, but I
don’t think you’d find anything about us on any of their computers. …What does this have to do
with locating Haruto?”
“It’s a long story,” Kiryu sighed. “But Haruto is out of triad hands, now.”
“And Chihiro?”
“Still at large.”
“Hmph. Well, anyway… the Daidoji’s collaboration, such that it was, with the Kirijo Group came
to an end a few years before I joined. Kirijo’s daughter Mitsuru completely cleaned house when she
took over the company. I believe that’s her next to him, with the red hair.”
“And the others?” Kiryu asked.
Hanawa chuckled. “Well, I’m sure you don’t need me to tell you who the man on the left is. That’s
Kyohei Jingu. You know all about him.”
“And that’s his family with him?”
“I believe so. His wife, and his only daughter. Well, his only legitimate daughter, that is. That’d
make her… Haruka’s half-sister, wouldn’t it?”
Kiryu grunted. “Mm. What do you know about them?”

“Basically nothing,” Hanawa admitted. “Jingu died well before my time in the Faction. I do know
that he worked very hard to downplay his wife’s parentage, and that the Daidoji had prepared a
dossier on him because of it.”
Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “How come?”
“She was Chinese,” Hanawa explained. “He had premiership ambitions, and felt a mixed-race
family would cost him conservative support. For what it's worth, he was correct; that would likely
have been an issue, were he still alive by the next election.”
Kiryu snorted quietly. “Charming lot you all are,” he muttered.
Hanawa let out a soft chuckle. “It is what it is. The CLP’s postwar roots make such attitudes
inevitable.”
Kiryu’s eyes lingered on the little girl. “…Do you know their names?”
“Negative. The Daidoji didn’t keep tabs on the family after Jingu’s death. They didn’t matter to us.”
His tone sharpened slightly. “…Which begs the question… Why do they matter to you?”
Kiryu leaned back in his chair with a sigh. “They don’t, I guess. It’s just… if Haruka has blood
relatives out there, she should know.”
“Oh? And who’s going to tell her? You?”
Kiryu’s jaw tightened. “I… I’m not saying it has to be me, but…”
Hanawa was silent on the other end for a moment. “I’ll look into it. See what I can find. We can go
over anything I dig up when I get to Osaka.”
Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “Hm? You’re coming to Osaka?”
Hanawa sighed. “Unfortunately. I’m about an hour out. There are… things we need to discuss. And
Kiryu… I’m not coming alone.”
Kiryu’s grip on his phone tightened. “…Tch. Other Daidoji agents?”
“Yeah. Truth is… word of what’s been going on has reached the higher ups. And they’re not
happy.”
“…They know about Taichi, then?”
“Yeah. Good news: the boy gets to live. You don’t have to worry about that. Bad news… we’re
both in a lot of trouble.” And then, after a pause, “A word of advice, Kiryu-san… This guest I’m
bringing is a smug snake. Real piece of work. Don’t expect him to make for pleasant conversation.”
Kiryu’s brow furrowed. Hanawa rarely spoke ill of colleagues, even in private. For him to call
someone that… “…Tch,” he muttered. “Sounds like trouble.”
“You don’t know the half of it,” Hanawa said. “We’ll speak soon.”
The line went dead. Kiryu lowered his phone. If Hanawa thought this new face was bad news…
things were about to get ugly.

But he couldn’t think about that right now. He had more pressing matters. Having gotten what he
came for, he removed his flash drive from the computer and stood up, just in time to hear Sugiura
calling him from the other room. “Uh… Kiryu-san! You’re gonna wanna see this!”
Kiryu stepped back into the main room to see Sugiura and Taichi hunched over the terminal that
Sugiura had been trying to crack open, which it seemed he had succeeded in doing. “What have
you found, Sugiura?” Kiryu asked.
“CCTV…” Sugiura said. “And…”
Kiryu approached the terminal. “What is it? What do you see?” His eyes settled on the monitor, and
he let out a soft gasp. “What the hell…?”
On the screen was a low resolution, but still legible, video feed of Haruka, Kasuga, and their party,
facing down a four meter tall humanoid robot. “It is a pleasure to meet you all,” the robot said to
them. “My designation is Ares. My objective… is to eliminate shadows.”
Taichi’s brow furrowed. “Did that thing say… Ares?”
“As in that sick fuck robot that sliced up that scientist?” Sugiura added. “Shit, Kiryu-san, they can’t
fight that thing! Nobody can fight a thing like that!”
Taichi looked at Kiryu, a worried look on his face. “What are we going to do, Uncle Kaz?”
Kiryu’s face hardened as a variety of possibilities ran through his mind - none of them good.
“...Shit.”

Chapter 69: Heartless Cry
Kasuga and Haruka’s visions distorted, Ares transformed, and the battle was on.
PROJECT ARES
Fourth Generation Anti-Shadow Suppression Weapon
Ares tilted its head. “We are the same, and yet, you wish to do me harm… I do not comprehend.
But I WILL retaliate.” He took up a stance—loose, grounded, legs apart, palms open as if it was
preparing to seize them—and chuckled menacingly. “Knowledge is the means by which all will be
revealed… And I intend to gain an intimate knowledge of how far around this room I can stretch
your nervous system.”
“And he wonders why people don’t like him…” Nanba remarked.
Joongi Han moved first, whipping out his karambit knife and slashing at Ares’ legs with a right
hook into a backfist. This, seemingly, did nothing, as the knife clacked uselessly off of its armor,
sparks flying. “Slashing is ineffective against my superior armor,” Ares said matter-of-factly.
“We’ll find your weakness,” Haruka growled. She ran at him with a right hook into a low sweep
and then a high roundhouse. This, also, did nothing.
“Tell me this is not the extent of your power,” Ares taunted. He almost sounded disappointed.
“We’re just warming up!” Kasuga retorted with a lopsided grin. He rushed in with a three-hit bat
combo. This was, surprisingly, ineffective.
“Analyzing tactics…” Ares muttered as the LEDs on its face formed the shape of a mid-90s style
rotating hourglass. “Pattern detected.”
“Detect this, dumbass!” Adachi yelled out as he rushed in with his baton, smacking Ares HARD.
Ares didn’t even seem to feel it. Upstairs, Kiryu, Sugiura, and Taichi watched the footage with grim
looks on their faces.
“They aren’t even putting a dent in it…” Taichi muttered. “Uncle Kaz. We have to get down there.”
“You know I can’t do that,” Kiryu growled, his fists tightening. “The Daidoji…”
Sugiura glared at Kiryu. “The Daidoji? Fuck them! Your daughter is about to get slaughtered down
there!”
Kiryu shook his head. “…No. She’s strong. She’ll figure out a way.”
Downstairs, Ares’ computations were complete, his two LED eyes returning. “Analysis complete.
Ah… a speed-based turn order. How quaint. Allow me to partake.”
Kasuga blinked. “…Eh?”

“Turn order computed,” Ares continued. “Present order: Han, Joongi. Sawamura, Haruka. Kasuga,
Ichiban. Adachi, Koichi. Me.” He tilted his head, and his eyes briefly flashed golden. “Configuring
new turn order.”
Adachi frowned. “What.”
“New turn order complete. New order: Me. Me. Me. Me. …You.”
Kasuga glared at the robot. “Dude, what?! That’s cheating! He can’t do that, right? Right guys?”
Nanba stared. “…Well. We’re screwed.”
Ares’ eyes flashed once more. “Initializing… Agidyne Protocol!”
Adachi raised an eyebrow. “What the hell is…?” His eyes widened as Ares’ right wrist opened up
and began to spew flames onto the battlefield, catching Adachi’s clothes on fire. “Shit! Hot, hot,
hot!” He stepped back from the battle as he attempted to pat out the flames.
Kasuga watched in horror as his friend fell. “Adachi-san!” He turned back to Ares, who was
coming toward him. “Huh?! O-oh, shit!”
Ares’ eyes flashed gold yet again, and his left hand began to spark. “Ziodyne Protocol… engaged!”
He slammed his fist down onto the ground, administering an electrified shockwave that quickly
made its way to both Kasuga and Joongi, electrocuting them.
“A-agh!” Kasuga groaned as his entire body convulsed.
“Tch! N-not good!” Joongi muttered as he collapsed.
Kasuga’s wild hair became even more frazzled as he fell to one knee, unable to move. “Ddammit…!”
Saeko’s eyes widened. “Icchan!”
“Ichiban!” Nanba yelled out almost simultaneous to Saeko.
“Stay back, Nanba! Sa-chan!” Kasuga yelled out. “Keep… Haruto… safe… agh…” He then
collapsed. “This isn’t good…” he moaned as his face hit the floor.
Ares then turned his attention to Haruka, who stood her ground even as clear fear filled her eyes.
“S-stay back…!” Haruka warned.
Ares tilted his head and paused for a moment. “Analysis: Not worth the effort.” Rather than do
anything special, he simply swung his right hand across the floor, sending Haruka flying into the
wall.
“Agh!” She groaned as she hit the wall, and then the floor.
“Mom!” Haruto cried out. He tried to reach her, but Saeko held him back.
“If anyone’s jumping in, it’s us,” Saeko told him sternly. “You need to stay back.”
Haruto stared up at Saeko, and then over at his mother, who struggled to stand. “But…!”

“Your mom’s tough, kid,” Zhao assured him. “Although… I gotta be honest… I’m not sure how
we’re getting out of this one…”
Back upstairs, Kiryu gripped the monitor tightly, his knuckles turning white. The screen started to
crack from how hard he was gripping. Taichi put a hand on his shoulder and started to tug.
“Executive decision, Uncle Kaz. We’re going down there. Now. If there was ever a time to violate
protocol, it’s now. If we don’t—!”
“It won’t be enough…” Kiryu said in a low, desperate voice. “We won’t get there in time. If Haruka
doesn’t stand up right now…”
“So what’s your solution then, huh?” Sugiura demanded. “Sit here and watch them die? You can’t
seriously tell me that’s your plan.”
“Why isn’t she getting up?” Kiryu asked himself. “She’s stronger than this. She’s been through so
much, and to let things end here…? If only I could speak to her, I could…” He trailed off, and his
eyes slowly drifted to a small microphone near the monitor.
Downstairs, Haruka struggled to stand. That hurt. A lot. She was bruised, but not out, yet… but
would standing up now even do anything? The party was outmatched. Kasuga, Joongi, and Adachi
were all down. Would Seonhee, Saeko, Nanba, and Zhao fare any better? She glanced around the
room, searching for any way out.
She couldn’t find one.
Kasuga groaned and weakly lifted his head up. “Oh, man… I really screwed us this time, huh?”
Adachi, still out of breath from putting out the fires, stumbled over to Kasuga and fell to one knee.
“Nah. This isn’t your fault, Kasuga.”
Kasuga shook his head. “No… no, it is. If I hadn’t risen to this… if I had just let that taunt go, if I
hadn’t tried to play the hero, we could’ve escaped by now! I’m sorry. Haruka-chan, I… I’m sorry!”
Haruka shook her head sadly. “Kasuga…”
Ares slowly stomped over to her, its little pinprick LED eyes focusing on her. “I do very much wish
I could say you put up a valiant effort,” he lamented. “Alas. You did not. You will die here. Your
friends will die here. Your offspring shall die here. Would you like me to notify your next of kin?”
“Screw off,” Haruka said defiantly. “Even if I had any… I wouldn’t want them to have the
displeasure of meeting you.”
Ares let out that little synthetic chuckle once more. “Hmph. Defiant until the end. If only you had
the physical fortitude to back your words up.” He glanced around at Haruka’s friends and paced the
room. “All of you… you all ‘talked shit’, as they say, and yet none of you could do anything to
prevent this outcome. After I kill you… I will find my sister, and end her pathetic existence as well.
I suppose I do have you to thank, for making that possible.” He turned back to Haruka. “I am in
your debt. And to repay that debt… I will kill you first, quickly and… relatively painlessly. That
way, you won’t have to watch what I’ll do to your allies.”
“You bastard…!” she spat.

“Hmph.” Ares raised his hand, the servos in his wrist hissing as a blade began to extend from his
arm. “Goodbye, Haruka Sawamura. You were a very unworthy adversary.”
Haruka clenched her fists and braced herself for the end. “Ngh…”
Ares swung his blade arm downwards, causing m the entire room to yell out.
“Haruka-chan!” Kasuga exclaimed.
“Mom!!” Haruto cried out.
And then—
“Is that it?”
A different voice crackled through the chamber, low, commanding, and familiar. Tinny through the
room’s intercom speakers, but unmistakably human.
The room fell into a hush. Ares halted his attack. Kasuga glanced around, confused. Haruka’s eyes
widened.
“Is that all it takes to keep you all down?” the voice continued. “A few hits? Some sparks and
smoke? Is that all it takes to take down the heroes these days?”
“I know that voice…” Haruka said softly.
“Kiryu…san…?” Kasuga asked aloud, maybe a bit louder than he ought to have given his present
company.
Upstairs, Kiryu gripped the microphone tightly, speaking into the facility’s intercom system.
“Kasuga. What did you tell me in Okinawa?” he asked, his voice echoing through the entire
warehouse. The other robots, all throughout the facility, paused what they were doing and stared up
at the ceiling as Kiryu’s voice boomed from the speakers. “I asked you how far you were willing to
go, to ensure the safety of the people you care about. You told me you’d go as far as you had to,
and that you wouldn’t give up, no matter who stood in your way. And no matter how many times I
knocked you down, you kept getting back up. What makes this any different?”
Kasuga clenched his fists, and smirked, spitting out the blood that had pooled in his mouth. “Heh.
He’s right…”
“And Haruka,” Kiryu continued, prompting Haruka to look up at the ceiling, eyes wide.
“Huh?”
“This life… this battle… It should never have been yours to fight. The only reason you’re here
right now… is because you were failed by the very people who swore to protect you.”
Taichi frowned as he watched Kiryu speak. “Uncle Kaz…” he muttered.
Ignoring Taichi, Kiryu continued: “But you’ve come so far, done so much… grown so strong. It’s
not because you’ve never been defeated. It’s because… you’ve never let yourself stay defeated.”

The entire party now stood at attention as Kiryu spoke to them. Adachi stood back up. Joongi stood
back up. Kasuga stood back up, and walked over to Haruka as Kiryu continued his speech.
“Hmph,” Kiryu chuckled. “A long time ago… this old bastard I used to know hammered a very
important lesson into my head. He was a boxer, and he told me… this life… It’s not like boxing.
The one who gets beat down isn’t the loser. It’s the one who stays down. You haven’t lost… until
you’ve decided you’ve lost. So, let me ask you this… have you lost?”
Haruka glanced up at Kasuga, who stood over her with his hand out, that same goofy grin as
always on his face. “You heard the man,” he said. “We’re not done yet, are we, Haruka-chan? Rock
bottom isn’t the end for us, right guys?”
Nanba shook his head. “Hell no!”
Adachi chuckled and cracked his knuckles. “I guess I could give it one more shot.”
“Seonhee would kill me twice over if I died here…” Joongi muttered.
Seonhee nodded. “Damn right I would! Let’s send this bucket of bolts back to hell.”
Zhao pulled out his broadsword and pointed it in Ares’ direction. “We just gotta hit him with
everything we’ve got. How hard could that be?”
Saeko approached Haruka and held her hand out as well. “Come on, Haruka,” she said. “We still
gotta get Haruto home, right?”
Haruka looked up at Kasuga and Saeko, smiled, and nodded. She grabbed each of their hands, and
they pulled her back up onto her feet. Ares started to laugh. “Pathetic. You all wish to prolong your
suffering.”
Kasuga chuckled as well. “Heh. Nah. Actually, I was thinking… we’d just win instead. We’ve gone
up against scumbags tougher than you. After all, if you’re so unstoppable… how is it that your little
sister was able to lock you in here in the first place?”
Ares tilted his head. “Excuse me? How… dare you. I will squash you. I will kill you. I will kill
ALL OF YOU!”
“Go ahead and try!” Haruka retorted. “But you don’t decide when we’ve lost. We do. So, Ares… if
you want to kill us… then step up!”
***
Outside, Yagami and Kaito still waited. Yagami leaned against the wall of the warehouse, still
working on his cigarette, while Kaito stood facing the wall, his forehead pressed against the siding.
“God… what the hell is taking them?” Kaito moaned. “This shit is boring . I’m bored!”
“It’s a big facility, Kaito-san,” Yagami chuckled. “It’ll take them a minute. Besides… I bet it’s even
MORE boring in there than it is out here.”
Kaito grumbled. “It better be…”
Suddenly, Yagami’s phone rang. He glanced at the screen. “Higashi…?” He answered. “Higashi.
What’s up?”

“Put Kaito on.”
Yagami raised an eyebrow. “Call him yourself, he’s right here.”
“Dumbass!” Higashi snarled. “The police are going to be listening to his calls.”
Yagami rolled his eyes, then put Higashi on speaker. “You’re on speaker. What’s going on?”
“Aniki,” Higashi said. “Are you there?”
Kaito grunted without taking his forehead off of the wall. “Mm. What’s up, man?” he asked, unable
to mask the boredom in his voice.
“We reached Ijincho,” Higashi explained. “Akiyama and I brought Zheng to Yokohama 99, for
now. Tsukumo’s back in the office, and he and Amasawa are questioning him.”
“Sounds great. He bein’ protected?”
“Yeah,” Higashi confirmed. “Geomijul and Liumang. Tesso’s there too.”
Yagami smirked. “I bet Tesso loves babysitting.”
Higashi continued. “Well, I went back to Kamurocho, since my charges were dropped. Needed to
make sure everything was okay at the arcade. And… Aniki… have you talked to anyone from the
family, lately?”
Kaito shook his head. “Nah. Not since the Dissolution. No reason to, either; after I got kicked out,
most of ‘em treated me like I had the plague. I guess I DID run into Tashiro earlier this year, but
that’s about it.”
Yagami chuckled. “Heh. What grift has he got going on now?”
“Bellhop at the Grande Blu Merino in Ijincho,” Kaito explained. “Or… he was. Come to think of it,
I DID have to borrow his clothes, so… he might’ve lost that job.”
“Well he definitely has a new job now,” Higashi cut in. “I saw him in Kamurocho, him and a few
other ex-Matsugane boys.”
“Heh. He still wearin’ that gaudy gold suit?”
“Blue. Blue suit, leather shoes, black tie.”
Kaito lifted his head from the wall and sharply turned to Yagami’s phone, a wide grin slowly
creeping its way up his face. “Heh. Hehehe. No way. Tashiro-kun, went and got himself an actual
job? In like, an office? With healthcare and pensions and shit? Higashi, buddy, you’re pullin’ my
leg. You gotta be!”
“Nope. And… I don’t think he’s working in any kind of office a civilian is gonna be working in.”
Kaito’s grin faltered slightly. “Hah?”
“Aniki… he was carrying a badge. They all were.”

Kaito’s smile immediately died, becoming a slight frown. “Like… family badges? They startin’
their own crew?”
“No, no, Kaito… Police badges. Aniki… they were dressed like cops.”
Kaito’s brow furrowed. “…The fuck?”
“Are you sure, Higashi?” Yagami asked.
“I know what I saw,” Higashi replied. “They were definitely dressed like cops. Some of them even
looked like they had guns.”
“That don’t sound good,” Kaito muttered. “Think it’s some kinda scam they’re running?”
“I’m not sure,” Higashi sighed. “But I saw them coming out of the Millennium Tower. I think they
were meeting someone up there. I’ll stick around Kamurocho for a bit, try and figure out what’s
going on, maybe see if I can get in touch with anyone else from the Tojo who might know what’s
going on.”
“Thank you, Higashi,” Yagami thanked with a nod. “Keep us updated.” He hung up the call and
turned to Kaito. “Something tells me Chihiro and Mabuchi aren’t the only cases on our docket right
now, Kaito-san.”
Kaito rubbed the back of his neck, forcing out a laugh. “Heh, uh… Hey, Tak… tell me it ain’t too
hopeful to think maybe they just… went straight? Heh… ah, shit…”

Chapter 70: Plume of Dusk
Chapter Notes

Early on in the story, I toyed with the idea of creating storytelling screenshots for big moments
by modding, among other characters, Haruka over Chitose in Infinite Wealth, but quickly gave
up on that idea once I realized that the Okinawa scenes would all be impossible to do, due to
there being no Ryukyu map in Dragon Engine. If only I had waited just a bit longer...

The party braced for action as Ares took a step forward, then let out a skyward metallic screech that
could almost be mistaken for a roar. He charged, and swung, at Kasuga, who beat the attack off
with his bat. He swung at Saeko and Nanba; Saeko effortlessly rolled over his arm, while Nanba
ducked under it. He sent a push kick to Adachi and Zhao, who sidestepped it, sending his foot into
the wall. Joongi and Seonhee each pulled out a pistol and shot at his leg. Sparks flew as the bullets
made contact with the metal.
Enraged, Ares then set his sights on Haruka. His left arm opened up, servos whining as the plates
receded, revealing a rather long katana, sparking with energy; he pulled the katana out with his
right hand, then swung vertically at Haruka, who ducked underneath the attack. He then stabbed at
her, but she quickstepped away from the attack. Stepping toward her, he swung at her legs, and she
jumped up and over the attack, back flipping on her way down, her ponytail trailing behind her.
She managed to jump high enough to make eye contact with him. His comprehension failed him
when he realized she didn’t look frightened; she looked confident, her eyes narrowed and her
mouth curling into a smirk.
PROJECT ARES
Fourth Generation Anti-Shadow Suppression Weapon
Haruka landed on her feet and quickstepped backwards as Ares transformed, and the battle began
anew. Ares shifted his stance, lowering his center of gravity. His left foot slid forward, while his
right anchored behind him, and he angled his katana outward, pointing the tip straight at the party.
His off-hand hovered open at the blade’s pommel. It was a stance that spoke of ruthless precision…
and one Adachi recognized immediately.
“Well I’ll be damned,” he muttered. “Looks like Orbot over here’s got some culture behind his
menace.”
Kasuga tilted his head. “Hm? What’s he doing, Adachi-san?”
“That stance… that’s Tennen Rishin-ryu.”
“Uh… What’s that?” Haruka asked.

Adachi looked at her, ready to educate. “It’s an old kenjutsu from the Edo period. It was practiced
by the Shinsengumi, right around the time of the Meiji Restoration.” He turned back to Ares and
admired his stance. “This shit was exclusive, only taught by and to a select few individuals, and the
last known practitioner passed away before the war. Practically a lost art now. If Ares is even half
as good with his sword as the Kondo line was… he might be better than any swordsman alive right
now.”
Saeko groaned. “Great. So he’s old fashioned as well as creepy. Reminds me of some of the guys at
the club…” Then, she paused. “…Wait. If it’s a ‘lost art’, then… how do you know it?”
Adachi rubbed the back of his neck with a sheepish grin. “I, uh… I watch a lot of historical
dramas.”
Saeko shot him an annoyed glare. “Wait, so it’s not even real?”
“No, no, it’s real!” Adachi clarified. “It just… Y’know. Probably didn’t look like this. At all. But
even if this guy was trained on old samurai movies, have you seen the shit they do in those movies?
He’s still dangerous either way!”
“You know, I always thought it’d be cool to be a samurai!” Kasuga said with a grin. “Honor and
codes and chivalry and all that! It’s kinda like what I wanted to do as a yakuza!”
“Soji Okita died coughing his lungs out at 25 from tuberculosis,” Adachi retorted. “Trust me, you
did not want to live like a samurai.”
Nanba put a finger to his chin. “Hm… Well, the yakuza have their own occupational hazards. Is it
really that different?”
Saeko narrowed her eyes. “Hey, can we focus on the giant death robot?! We can talk about how
Ichiban would make a really great samurai later!”
“Aww, thanks, Sa-chan!” Kasuga replied with a grin. “Now that we’re all up… we still gotta figure
out how to beat this thing.”
Zhao sighed. “I was afraid you’d say that. We really have no clue, do we?”
“Well, what we do know is that its arms and legs are armored,” Joongi reasoned. “Perhaps it has
some sort of weak spot we can exploit…?”
Haruto glanced up at Ares, then back around at his protectors. “…Haven’t you ever played a video
game before? There’s a big glowing spot on his back.”
Nanba looked up at Ares’ back; sure enough, its back seemed to contain several glowing rods
running up its spine, blue energy reflecting off of its metallic body. “Hey, the kid’s right!”
“That looks like a power source,” Seonhee said. “If we can damage it, we might be able to take it
out.”
“Well look at you, Haruto-kun!” Kasuga praised. “See that, everyone? He understands the
assignment.”
Ares tilted his head slightly, LEDs flashing. “Observation: Child displays unorthodox perception.
Conclusion: Child may be the greatest threat.”

Adachi raised an eyebrow. “Uh… he serious? The seven year old is your main concern?”
“The seven year old,” Zhao deadpanned, “is the only reason we even have any options right now. I
hate to say it… the kid might be carrying.”
Adachi groaned, dragging a hand down his face. “Unbelievable…”
“You’re probably the most agile one here, Haruka,” Seonhee said. “You pulled off some crazy
moves on stage.”
“That was ten years ago…” Haruka reminded her.
“Surely you can still jump, can’t you?” Seonhee pushed with a smirk. “Unless you want Nanba
giving you a piggy back ride.”
Haruka glanced at Nanba, who shrugged nonchalantly. “It’s an option. And I bathed yesterday,
so…”
“I… think I’ll take my chances jumping,” she told him, not trying to sound rude.
Kasuga’s eyes darted around the room. Several large terminals. A generator. A circular catwalk
around the room with a ladder leading up. “I dunno if anyone can jump that high… but there’s
some stuff we can use to get up there. Haruka-chan, let’s see if we can get to some high ground.
Everyone else, keep him distracted, and protect Haruto-kun with your lives.”
The others nodded. “You have my word, Haruka,” Joongi said, turning to her. “We’ll keep him
safe.”
Haruka nodded. “Thank you Joongi,” she said. “You’ve done a lot for me tonight. I won’t forget it.”
Joongi’s jaw tightened. “And even more to hurt you in the past,” he said, brushing off her praise.
“Don’t forget that, either.”
“That wasn’t you, Joongi,” she countered.
“Some of it was. And anyway… save the thanks until we’re all out of here in one piece.”
Haruka opened her mouth to protest, but Kasuga put a hand on her shoulder. “Hey. Let him brood.
It’s his thing.” He smirked. “He’s just bein’ dramatic anyway.”
Joongi glared at Kasuga. “Tch. Am not…”
And so, Haruka and Kasuga fell back from the immediate fight. Joongi Han moved to the front of
the party, and Saeko and Nanba joined the frontline to fill the absences. Nanba glanced at Saeko
and Adachi and smirked. “Hey, the old crew’s back together for this one. Let’s send this bucket of
bolts to the scrap heap!”
“Don’t attack yet…” Joongi muttered. “He’s getting ready for something. Everybody, stay on your
guard!”
Following Joongi’s orders, everyone guarded against the next attack. Nanba blocked. Saeko
blocked. Adachi blocked. This turned out to be the best thing they could’ve done considering Ares’
next move. “I am thou…” the robot said in a creepy monotone as his eye LEDs flashed golden. He

ran at Saeko and slashed at her with his sword. She was able to mitigate the damage by blocking
with her handbag, but it was definitely still going to leave some bruises.
“Ngh!” she groaned as Ares then, as before, completely disregarded any semblance of fairness and
good sportsmanship and took another turn, moving on to Adachi, and then to Nanba, and then to
Joongi Han. All four took minimal damage, but this was certainly not going to be sustainable; after
all, if things continued like this, nobody would’ve been able to attack.
Meanwhile, Haruka and Kasuga made their way to a nearby generator, above which was a ladder
which led onto the catwalk above. Kasuga helped Haruka onto the generator, and was about to
climb it himself, when he noticed something; the generator appeared to be wired up to several
conduits dangling from the bottom of the catwalk. “You know…” he muttered, “...I’m no
electrician… but those wires dangling from the walkway? They’re not there for no reason.”
Haruka looked down at him and raised an eyebrow. “Huh?” She looked over at the main fight; any
time Ares walked underneath one of the conduits, he seemed to receive an electrical shock; visible
arcs of electricity crackled between a conduit and his back-mounted power source. Haruka gasped.
“...Kasuga-san! I think he’s getting power from this generator! That must be where his speed is
coming from!”
Kasuga smirked. “Heh. My thinking exactly. Let’s just take care of that real quick…” He gripped
his bat tightly and smashed it into the center console on the generator, causing it to spark, smoke,
and eventually shut down. Ares happened to be passing underneath a conduit when this happened.
The result? His “recharge” stopped mid-cycle.
Ares tilted his head. “Auxiliary power source compromised. Moving into battery mode. Overclock
disengaged. …Very clever.”
“Ohhhh, thank fuck,” Nanba sighed. “I think he’s gonna slow down.”
Joongi nodded. “Yes, I believe so too.”
“Guess now’s when we cut loose.” Saeko said, grinning. She ran at Ares and swung at him with her
handbag, followed by a wide roundhouse kick. This did minimal damage, of course, but whatever
kept him focused on them and not on Haruka and Kasuga was a good action.
Joongi followed this up with a punch and backfist with his karambit; Nanba with a swing from his
umbrella; and Adachi with a basic club from his baton. Their thinking that their attacks weren’t
damaging Ares much anyway, so why waste energy on bombastic attacks? The goal was not to
destroy, at least not yet. The goal was simply to distract, so for now, basic attacks would do.
Ares’ eyes flashed golden again. “Adjusting priorities. Maximizing brutality.” He ran at Saeko and
slashed upwards with his sword, launching her into the air.
“Agh!” Saeko groaned as she popped upward, but the attack didn’t end there. Before she hit the
ground, Ares then repeatedly slashed at her, juggling her for several more strikes before finally
ending his combo with a sharp roundhouse kick that sent her across the room. She grunted as she
rolled on the floor, near the generator Haruka and Kasuga had climbed up.
The two heroes cast worried glances in the direction of the woman of both of their affections. “Sachan!” Kasuga called out.

“Saeko!” Haruka similarly yelled.
“Ngh… don’t worry about me,” Saeko said as she stood back up, despite her numerous new
lacerations. She rolled her shoulders, ignoring the blood trailing down her arm… and then she
glanced down at her hand, and to her horror, her expensive manicure had been ruined. “Tch…
asshole broke a nail. I’m going to kill him. Haruka, Ichiban… The best way that you can help us is
by getting up there and giving this fucker the RUDEST awakening he’s ever had.”
Haruka’s brow furrowed. “But-!”
“She’s right, Haruka-chan,” Kasuga said, though he clearly didn’t like the idea of leaving Saeko
behind. “The sooner we get up there, the sooner we can end this. They can handle themselves, but
if we get distracted, Ares is going to destroy them. Let’s keep moving!”
Haruka nodded. “Okay.” She looked back up the ladder and started climbing, with Kasuga
following close behind. On the ground, Saeko glared at Ares, who stomped towards her. He swung,
she jumped, and his sword embedded itself in the wall, jostling the ladder. “Ah!” Haruka, now
halfway up the ladder, gasped out in surprise as her grip on the ladder loosened. Ares yanked his
sword out of the wall, sending further vibrations up the ladder. Haruka’s grip fully slipped, and she
fell from the ladder. “Damn!” she cursed as she fell.
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “Haruka-chan!” He reacted quickly, reaching out as she fell past him and
grabbing her hand. His arm nearly popped from its socket from the sheer effort of holding her up
with one hand while still holding onto the ladder with the other, but he somehow still held on.
“Ngh! Whew,” he sighed, straining from the effort. “That was a close one. Kiryu-san would have,
like, literally murdered me if you ended up a splat on the ground. …Uh… I-if he were still alive,
that is. And if I knew him, which, of course, I don’t. Didn’t, I mean.”
Haruka let out a huff and glared up at him. “Kasuga, I think we’re past that charade now, aren’t
we?” she asked with an annoyed pout.
“Hehe… uh, n-no idea what you’re talkin’ about, Haruka-chan…” Kasuga muttered as he helped
her back onto the ladder below him. “Come on. Let’s keep moving.” The two continued on upward,
while Saeko rejoined the party on the ground.
“You alright, Sa-chan?” Adachi asked.
“Yeah,” she answered as she wiped blood from her arm. “Bastard broke a nail, though…”
“Is that… really what’s important, right now?” Nanba asked with a raised eyebrow.
“A good manicure can be expensive,” Joongi pointed out. “Appointments typically need to be
scheduled weeks in advance, which can be a nightmare as well. And, if it wasn’t acrylic, she’ll
have to clip the rest to match and wait for them to regrow. Honestly, long term? That injury could
be devastating.”
Nanba stared at him. “That’s a joke, right?”
“Say, how do you know all of that, Joongi?” Saeko asked.
Joongi glanced at Seonhee, who smirked. He sighed. “I… schedule all of Seonhee’s salon
appointments for her. Nails. Hair. Skincare. The receptionist there is one of the only people outside

of Geomijul who knows my face.”
“That’s… actually kind of sweet?” Saeko replied with a chuckle.
“Don’t give him too much credit,” Seonhee quipped. “I still have to remind him to clean his room.”
“She’s exaggerating,” Joongi said a little too quickly.
“Is it clean right now?”
Joongi turned away, voice flat. “We really have more important things to be worrying about right
now.” As if to escape the conversation, Joongi ran at Ares, hitting him with another right hook and
backfist with his karambit.
Haruka and Kasuga climbed up onto the catwalk, watching as their friends continued fighting. It
seemed almost futile from up here, but of course, that was why they were up here to begin with.
Haruka pressed forward, though Kasuga paused and clenched his fists, seemingly bothered by
something. “Tch. Damn it…” he sighed through his teeth.
Haruka turned back. “Kasuga-san?”
Kasuga scratched the back of his head, eyes darting away from hers. “Listen, Haruka-chan…
About… some things you might’ve pieced together already… I really hope you don’t think I’m
treating you like an idiot or anything like that,” he muttered softly. “I don’t like having to hide
things from you. Honestly, lying like this… it’s just not in my nature.
“You’ve probably heard about what a crap yakuza I was. I ain’t gonna say I was a saint or anything,
but… I tried at least to be honest, even when I was doing bad. Maybe that’s why I was so bad at my
job; even when I was ripping someone off, I at least tried to be straight with them about it. So
this… this feels like it goes against everything I am. And… You’re sharp. Probably sharper than
anyone else here. That’s why this feels so shitty. I’ve been shot, beat up, betrayed, dumped in the
garbage, I’ve been broke more times I can count, I’ve been jobless, homeless… and somehow,
lying to you? It still feels like rock bottom to me.
“But… I made a promise to somebody who means a lot to me. Somebody who I owe everything
to.” He closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and bowed his head slightly. “And until the time is
right… I gotta keep that promise, even if that means keeping you in the dark just a bit longer. I’m
sorry.”
“It’s okay, Kasuga.”
Kasuga’s eyes opened, and he raised his head slightly. “Huh?”
Haruka was smiling softly at him. “You’ve helped me so much, in the short time we’ve known each
other. More than anyone should be willing to help a stranger. I trust you. You don’t have to explain
yourself to me.”
Kasuga held his head higher, smirked, and then nodded. “Mm.” He let out a small chuckle he didn’t
realize he’d been holding in. “Heh. Gah, listen to me, babbling like an idiot,” he said, his voice
rough with emotion. “Come on. We’ve got a tin can to recycle.”
Haruka nodded. “Right.”

The duo rushed down the catwalk as their friends continued fighting below. The sounds of the clash
echoed their way to the top of the room, giving further motivation to reach their goal. Haruka
reached the end of the catwalk first and peered over the railing. Her eyes darted to her feet. Just
below her, one of the disabled conduits dangled. If Ares was just a bit closer… she looked down at
Joongi, who looked back up at her. He nodded, and pulled out a handgun.
Joongi shot at Ares, drawing his attention. Ares tilted his head as bullets flattened harmlessly
against his face. “The very definition of insanity,” Ares muttered, voice low. He adjusted his stance
and slashed low at Joongi, who dived over the blade and rolled into position below the conduits.
Ares then marched to Joongi, intent on squashing him. Again, Joongi rolled backwards.
Now, Ares was exactly where Haruka wanted him. “Now!” she called out as she leapt over the
railing, catching the conduit wire on her way down. She swung on it like a rope, leapt off at the
apex of her swing, soared across the air, and landed directly on Ares’ back.
“Agh! You bug!” Ares yelled out as Haruka gripped tightly onto the cage housing his battery rods.
“Game over,” Haruka growled as she shoved her fist into the cage, smashing one surprisingly
fragile rod. The electrical current shot through her body, but she fought through the pain, gritting
her teeth. “Ngh! Not… giving… up!” She pulled her fist out, still holding a small crystal from his
battery. She chucked the crystal to the ground, then went in for seconds, crushing another one.
“I will crush you!” Ares yelled out as he stepped backwards, increasing in speed towards the wall.
Haruka’s eyes widened, and she stared behind her at the wall that was rapidly approaching her
vision. “Oh, crap!”
Seeing what was about to happen, Kasuga grinned, hopped over the other side of the railing, and
landed on Ares’ back next to her. “I gotcha!” he exclaimed as he turned over onto his own back and
shot his legs out just before Ares made contact with the wall, effectively bracing the impact with
his feet. He grunted as his leg muscles strained. “Man am I glad I never skipped leg day,” he said
through gritted teeth.
But he couldn’t hold out much longer; his legs would give out painfully any second, and Ares
increased the force with which he pressed his back against the wall. Kasuga turned his head to
Haruka, and nodded. “On my mark, Haruka-chan. Three… two… one…” He suddenly slipped his
feet off the wall and flattened himself against Ares’ back, releasing all tension and allowing Ares to
continue backward unobstructed. “Jump!”
Just before Ares’ back made contact with the wall, Haruka and Kasuga rolled off of his back and
gripped onto his arms, hanging from his side and narrowly avoiding being crushed. The force of
impact was so great the room shook.
Haruto, still standing behind Seonhee and Zhao, grinned. “It’s just like a mecha anime…!” he said,
barely masking his excitement.
“Kid’s got taste,” Zhao chuckled, his saber unwavering as he held it in front of him.
Upstairs, Kiryu, Taichi, and Sugiura watched. “Hell yeah!” Taichi exclaimed. “Kick his ass,
Haruka!”

Kiryu sighed with relief and smirked. “Hmph. It isn’t over yet… but if things keep going this way,
it will be soon. Haruka… you can do this.”
Down below, Kasuga and Haruka dropped from Ares and landed back on the ground, stepping back
as Ares slowly stepped forward. Kasuga glanced at his back, and smirked.
The cage had crumbled. His energy rods were in pieces.
Ares had just destroyed his own power source.
Ares stumbled forward weakly, servos whining. “Do you think… this is the end…?” he rasped, his
voice glitching between tones. “Dropping dead weight… shedding armor plating…” His body
hissed, steam vented from his joints, and several pieces of his exterior plating fell from his chassis,
clanging onto the ground and revealing his inner self. It wasn’t pretty. Clumps of wires snaked all
around the chassis, stemming from a central clump of cables that traveled into his body,
presumably connecting with his back. They pulsed with visible blue energy. At his collar was a
small, glowing blue shard.
“…The inside of a robot is kind of terrifying,” Nanba said, a sweatdrop traveling down his
forehead.
“It’s kind of like looking at a guy without any skin,” Seonhee noted.
“…Have you seen what that looks like?” Saeko asked with a tilt of her head.
Seonhee smirked. “I’ll leave that to your imagination.”
“Humor,” Ares growled. “A defense mechanism… masking fear…”
“Do we look scared to you, pal?” Kasuga asked, squaring his stance and planting his bat on the
ground. “Face it, man. You’ve lost. We’re leaving now.”
“Fools…” Ares ‘spat’. “Do you think that I would allow you to leave? I have a mission!”
“And what is your mission, huh?” Adachi asked. “Because you said earlier your purpose was to
‘destroy shadows’, whatever the hell that means. And so far, all you’ve done is carve up a scientist,
try to kill a kid, try to kill us, and fantasize about murdering your sister. You’re not some noble
soldier. You’re a psychopath with a catchphrase.”
“Yes, it is clear you see me as only a monster…” Ares growled weakly.
“You got that right!” Adachi exclaimed, seemingly surprising Ares; it appeared he expected
pushback. “But you know what? The bigger monsters are the assholes who made you this way.
Here’s the thing. You didn’t ask to be like this. You didn’t get to choose who you wanted to be.
Some eggheads with a god complex decided that for you.
“And that’s the real reason you’re pissed, isn’t it?” Adachi continued. “You were the beta test. You
were built on shitty data; garbage in, garbage out. And I bet that’s the story for a lot of your
successors, too. And then along comes Aigis. Based on everything we’ve heard, she was the star
pupil. The golden child. Meanwhile, you’re the one they locked in the basement.”
He chuckled bitterly. “Yeah… I can relate. I feel bad for you. Really, I do. And I can empathize.
Because even though there are definitely screwups in my family way worse than me, at the end of

the day, I’m still a screw-up too. You think I didn’t grow up pissed that my little sister was the star
pupil? She was smart, she got good grades, everyone always compared me to her, I mean, really, it
was infuriating.”
Adachi sighed, looking down, the fight draining from his voice. “And then her deadbeat husband
ran out on her, before their son was even born. That wasn’t her fault. And neither was that son
turning out to be the piece of shit that he was. She tried her best, did all she could… and life still
shit on her.”
“Is this supposed to be inspiring?” Ares asked flatly.
Adachi let out a breath, scratching the back of his neck. “Look, I don’t know what my point is
supposed to be at this point,” he grunted. “The thing is, everybody came from different
circumstances, and we either seized or squandered the opportunities we got. You didn’t get those
opportunities. So… damn it, I guess what I’m trying to say is, I don’t think I even blame you for
trying to kill us just now.”
He looked at everyone, all of the friends he didn’t have a few years ago, and smirked. “But… you
know what, basically everyone here was dealt a crap hand. Kasuga’s dumb ass took the fall for a
murder he didn’t commit because his patriarch asked him to.”
Kasuga grinned. “And I don’t regret it one bit.”
Adachi gestured to Haruka. “Haruka-chan? Man, she’s too good for this shit. Way too good to be
hanging out with a bunch of losers like us. She’s kind, she’s selfless, almost recklessly so. The only
reason she’s here is because of a bunch of bullshit completely out of her control. And she hasn’t let
it poison her kind heart. Not one bit.”
Kasuga nodded. “I think what Adachi-san is trying to say is… we’ve all been at rock bottom at one
point, through no faults of our own. But rock bottom… it’s not the end. For some people, it’s just
the beginning. I implore you to think about that.” Kasuga nodded to his friends. “Come on, guys.
Let’s go.”
“Your belief in redemption is nothing short of foolish,” Ares laughed bitterly as the party walked
away. “Strike me down. End my suffering. If you do not kill me, they will.”
Kasuga paused. He glanced over his shoulder, eyebrow raised. “…Who will?”
Ares’ LEDs flickered. “…The ones who built me. The ones who built all of us. The Kirijo Group…
they erase what they fear. They will shatter my Plume of Dusk without a second thought, ending
my pathetic existence with finality.”
Kasuga fully turned around. “Hold up. Plume of what now? The hell’s that?”
Ares gestured to the pulsating blue crystal at his collar. “It is… my very essence. My mind, my
memory… my soul, if such a word applies to me. All that I have seen, all that I have learned, every
calculation, every… feeling…” His voice glitched on the last word, as if his voice were breaking.
“All of it is stored within this fragment.”
“Are there any backups?” Nanba asked.
Ares shook his head. “No.”

“And they’d just… destroy it?” Kasuga asked, eyes widening.
“He’s too dangerous to leave alive,” Adachi muttered. “At least, that’s probably how the corporate
drones see it.”
“Aigis… she had orders to destroy me,” Ares explained. “She deliberately disobeyed those orders.
The next one to come will not make such a mistake.”
“So either we kill you, or someone else does later,” Adachi sighed. “Hell of a choice.”
Kasuga put a finger to his chin. “...What happens if we just… pull it out?”
Ares looked up at Kasuga, tilting his head. “Remove it, and my processes will cease.
Consciousness will end. It is death, in every sense of the word.”
“Is it, though?” Kasuga asked. “Because… even if you lose THIS body, if all of your memories and
thoughts are on that crystal… It’s kinda just like going to sleep, ain’t it?”
Ares did not seem to understand. “You make distinctions without differences.”
“Alright, new plan,” Kasuga said, turning to his friends. “We’re takin’ that thing out.”
“Are you serious?” Nanba asked.
“Look, it’s either that or let someone come smash it to bits later,” Kasuga reasoned. “Surely there’s
gotta be SOMEBODY at the Kirijo Group with a little bit of humanity. We’ll just hold onto that
Plume thingy until we find them. And, I’ll admit… maybe there isn’t. Maybe we’ll never find
them. Maybe this ends up being a side quest we never complete. It’s still better than just killin’ the
guy, isn’t it?”
Haruka put a finger to her chin. “I suppose. Worst case scenario, we fail trying to do the right
thing.”
Kasuga nodded with a grin on his face. “Exactly.” He turned back to Ares. “Alright big guy, how
do we get that thing out of you?”
“You would preserve a murderer?” Ares asked incredulously.
Haruka shrugged. “Sparing people who don’t deserve it is a bit of a… fatal flaw that runs in my
family.”
Haruto nodded beside her. “Yeah! ‘Cause that’s what heroes do!”
“Man, I’m liking this kid more and more,” Kasuga laughed.
“Question is, how do we remove it safely?” Joongi asked. “It looks… volatile.”
Nanba scratched his chin thoughtfully. “On a human, if you were doing a heart transplant, you’d
need sterile tools, anesthesia, probably a whole surgical team…”
Adachi cut him off. “Do you see a surgical team here, genius?”

“I’m just saying, if we screw it up, he might blow up,” Nanba shot back. “And probably blow us up
with him…”
Saeko crossed her arms. “Maybe we can cut the wires around it?”
Joongi nodded. “Possibly… but if it’s feeding power back into the chassis, severing the wrong
wires could trigger a failsafe.”
Zhao winced. “Meaning…?”
“We blow up,” Joongi answered.
Haruka looked at the flickering Plume. “There has to be some way to disconnect it without hurting
him. Maybe if we…”
“Yeah, nah,” Kasuga interrupted suddenly. Before anyone could stop him, he stepped forward,
grabbed the Plume with one hand, and yanked.
A sharp crack filled the room, blue light bursting outward in a shockwave that nearly knocked
everyone off their feet. Ares’ chassis spasmed, and then the whole weight of his body, now
unsupported by any sign of life, collapsed onto the ground, Kasuga stepping back just in time to
avoid getting crushed. Everyone stared at the lifeless robot before them.
Adachi’s eye twitched. “Kasuga… what… the… hell was that?!”
“Hey, it worked!” Kasuga beamed.
“You could have killed us all!” Adachi snapped. “What is wrong with you, you idiot?!”
“Eh, you guys were overthinking it,” Kasuga chuckled. He stared at the glowing blue shard in his
hand, which pulsated faintly. “But look. He’s okay. We’re okay.”
Haruto stared up at Kasuga, wide-eyed. “That… was so cool! You’re like a real life hero, mister!”
Haruka smiled and nodded. “He sure is.” She took a deep breath, and sighed, relief washing over
her. Tears started to form in her eyes. “Haruto…” She fell to her knees and hugged her son tight.
“I’m so… so sorry, for everything that’s happened! I never should have left home! I should have
—.” She couldn’t continue to speak. She shuddered, sobbing as every emotion she’d bottled up the
entire night, all of her guilt and fear, came out at once.
Haruto hugged his mother back. “Mom. It’s okay. I’m okay. Thanks to you… thanks to Mr.
Joongi… and thanks to… all of your new friends?” Haruto looked around at everyone who
surrounded himself and Haruka. They all had tears in their eyes. “Say… who are your new friends,
anyway?”
Haruka chuckled, wiping a tear away. “They’re very special people. Without them… I don’t know
if I’d have found you.”
Upstairs, Kiryu, Taichi, and Sugiura watched these events unfold on the camera. “Haruka…” Kiryu
muttered. “You’re so strong, and you don’t even know it…”
Taichi crossed his arms with a smile on his face. “Come on, Uncle Kaz. She had some help. You
helped.”

Kiryu shook his head. “I didn’t do anything. I merely reminded her of the strength she held within.”
He turned to Taichi and Sugiura and nodded resolutely. “Come on. We should go.”
The trio walked back through the offices, passing Kopis’s damaged, but somehow peaceful form as
they did so. Her eyelids opened, the red glow returning to her pupils, and she watched them go.
Kiryu turned to her. “Are you going to be okay?”
Kopis nodded weakly. “Yes. My chassis is damaged, but not irreparably so. The maintenance team
has repaired worse.”
Kiryu nodded. “Good.” He hesitated a moment. “And… I hate to ask, but—”
“Kazuma Kiryu was never here,” Kopis interrupted, surprising Kiryu. She tilted her head, the ghost
of a smile gracing her lips. “How could he have been? He is dead, after all.”
Kiryu stared at her, then smirked. “Hmph. Alright, then. Thank you.”
Kopis’s eyes dimmed as the trio turned and left.
***
Back in the parking lot, Kaito had returned to his neutral state after Higashi’s phone call; standing
in a corner, forehead against the concrete, completely and sincerely bored.
“What… the hell… is taking so long…” he muttered, his voice muffled by the walk.
It was the only sign Yagami had that the man hadn’t actually fallen asleep standing up. “Patience,
Kaito-san,” he said, lighting another cigarette. “It’s a big warehouse. They gotta check every corner
for Haruto-kun.”
“How far can a seven year old get in one hour?” Kaito grumbled. “His legs’re small. Theirs are
long. They shoulda caught up in minutes.”
The sounds of footsteps interrupted his moaning. He immediately perked up, his eyes darting to the
large metal doors as Haruka, Kasuga, and the others stepped out, and they looked like hell. Bruises,
cuts, scorch marks. Kasuga’s suit was covered in ash. Haruka’s knuckles were bloody, her hair a
mess. The others didn’t look much better.
Not that Kaito noticed. “It’s about damn time!” he exclaimed, glaring. “What the hell took you so
long?!”
“Next time, you can go,” Saeko grumbled as she walked past Kaito without missing a beat,
retrieving a pack of cigarettes from her handbag.
Kaito raised an eyebrow. “Huh? What? What’d I say? …What happened to you guys?”
“Eh, it was actually pretty boring in there,” Kasuga chuckled.
Kaito’s brow furrowed. “…Didja find the kid at least?”
Haruka nodded. She stepped aside, revealing Haruto behind her. “Yes, we did. Haruto… meet
Kaito-san. He’s one of my new friends, too.”

Kaito grinned, crouched over, and got real close. “Heh. Hey, little man! How’s it hangin’?”
Yagami cast a worried glance at Kaito. “Uh, Kaito-san, don’t scare the kid.”
Kaito turned to glare at Yagami. “…I look scary to you, Tak?”
“You don’t look scary!” Haruto said with a smile. “You look nice!”
Kaito turned back to Haruto and grinned once more. “‘Course I do! Tak doesn’t know what he’s
talkin’ about!”
“You look like a big, friendly gorilla!”
Kaito’s grin slowly faded, and he sagged. “…Ah. Thanks, kid…”
Kasuga chuckled. “Well, we’re all out, we’ve got Haruto, and most importantly, everyone is safe
and… relatively unharmed.” He grinned and pumped his fist. “I think that calls for celebration!
Now, I don’t know about you guys, but I’m starving. Let’s all go out for beef bowls. On me.”
Haruka looked over at him, worry evident on her face. “I would love nothing more than to just sit
down and have a warm meal, Kasuga, but…”
Kasuga put a comforting hand on her shoulder. “Hey, Haruka-chan. It’s okay,” he said, his voice
sincere.
“But there’s still—!”
“I know,” Kasuga muttered. “Believe me, I know. Shit ain’t over. Not even close. But you’ve got
your son back, Haruka-chan. That’s worth celebrating. You’ve earned a night of rest. We all have.
Trust me… the hard part is over. Just… let yourself breathe. Please. For your own sake.”
Haruka looked into his eyes, and he looked into hers. She looked exhausted… and for the first time
in days, she let herself feel that exhaustion. Finally, she smiled softly, and nodded. “Okay, Kasuga.
I’ll try. Thank you.”
Kasuga’s smile returned. “Attagirl.” He turned back to the party with a grin. “Alright, guys,” he
said as he led the way back to the road. “Let’s head back into town, get ourselves some grub,
and…”
His voice trailed off. His steps slowed. Everyone followed his gaze.
And froze.
“…Oh.”
Standing in the middle of the foggy street was a woman.
Her eyes were hollow.
Her blazer flapped in the wind.
The streetlight’s pale glow glinted off of the chrome of the pistol in her hand.

“…Chihiro-chan,” Kasuga said, his tone cautious. “Hey.”
Haruka stepped protectively in front of Haruto with a serious look in her eyes. “Chihiro Watanabe,”
she muttered.
“Haruka Sawamura,” Chihiro said slowly. “We meet… at last.” She took a deep breath and let out a
dry, humorless chuckle. “I’ve waited… seventeen years for this moment. And now, here we are.
Face to face.”
Haruka’s brow furrowed. “What are you talking about? Who are you? Why are you coming after
my family?”
Chihiro’s grip around her gun tightened. “Who am I, indeed? The thing is… I’m not so sure myself
anymore. All that I know… is what’s in my blood. And what’s in yours. I know that I was cursed to
live in shadow, while you got to bask in the light. And, of course… I know my name.” She stepped
forward, into the light. The entire party tensed in response.
“Not another move!” Adachi snarled, baton raised. “You’re outnumbered, Chihiro Watanabe. If you
so much as touch Haruka or Haruto—.”
“My name…” she interrupted, voice flat, “…is not Chihiro Watanabe.”
The party glanced at each other. Haruka’s face tightened.
Chihiro looked up, eyes glistening. “That name was a disguise. A lie that I told the world, so I
could reach this moment unimpeded. And now that this moment has finally arrived, I can finally
speak my true name.”
Kasuga hesitated. “What is your true name?”
For a moment, a long moment, she said nothing. The fog rolled between them, pale and ghostly.
Then, finally…
“Jingu,” she said.
Her eyes locked with Haruka’s.
“Chihiro Jingu.”

Chapter 71: Solid and Liquid
“…Jingu?” Haruka said softly, eyes widening.
Chihiro nodded slowly. “Yeah. My father… was Kyohei Jingu. Your father. Your real father.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. A small gasp escaped his lips. “Wait… Then, that would mean that you’re
Haruka-chan’s…?”
“Sister, yes,” Chihiro answered. “Her half-sister, to be exact. Same father, different mother.”
“That can’t be true,” Haruka denied, shaking her head. “You’re Chinese, aren’t you? Jingu left my
mother, and tried to have me killed, because he received a proposal from the Prime Minister’s
daughter. The Japanese Prime Minister.”
“A proposal that was later rescinded,” Chihiro added. “The engagement quickly fell apart.
Apparently, the Prime Minister decided Father was a liability. His actual marriage was to Lin
Meiling, a Chinese immigrant. She changed her name and passed as Japanese until his death. After
that, the pretense no longer served anyone… and she was thrown away like yesterday’s trash. Her,
and the young daughter that Jingu left behind.” Her voice hardened. “Me.”
Adachi exhaled through his nose. Kasuga took note. “That sound right to you, Adachi-san?”
Adachi nodded grimly. “Can’t speak to this case in particular, but yeah. A foreign woman passing
as Japanese to protect her husband’s reputation? Not uncommon. Especially if the guy’s in politics.
They’re expected to erase everything - their name, their language, their culture - just to fit the
image.”
“So then you really are…” Haruka muttered.
“After Father was murdered by the yakuza, my mother and I fell into poverty,” Chihiro continued,
her voice becoming colder. “We lost our home, our name, everything, and were forced into the
slums of Little Asia, our own little slice of rock bottom. The man who killed him didn’t just take
his life - he took everything that we had. We fought with the rats for table scraps, all while you
lived under the roof of the man who pulled the trigger.”
Haruka’s gaze sharpened. “What?”
“Kazuma Kiryu,” Chihiro spat, the name dripping with venom. “The man who murdered our
father.”
Haruka shook her head. “You’re mistaken. That’s not how it happened.”
Chihiro laughed bitterly. “Really? Why don’t you ask him? He’s still alive, unfortunately. His death
was nothing but a ruse, one that half of your so-called ‘party’ is in on.”
“Jingu was killed by Akira Nishikiyama,” Haruka retorted. “I was there. I saw it happen with my
own eyes. Whoever told you otherwise lied to you.”

“Your lies aren’t going to do you any good, you know,” Chihiro said flatly, sounding almost bored.
“I’ve already decided to kill you.”
“Do you really think that’s gonna make you happy?” Kasuga asked. “Chihiro-chan, please, think
about this. Haruka didn’t do anything to you.”
“She got the life I should have had!” Chihiro spat. “While my mother and I lived in the gutters,
while I was watching her drown in debt that forced her to take her own life, Haruka got swept off
her feet by… by the fucking yakuza. She got to have the family I never got! She had a home on the
beach! She got to prance around Osaka, become a celebrity, singing some boardroom-approved
garbage written by suits who saw her as a product. Millions cheered her name!”
Her hand trembled on the gun. “And then, when she decided she was tired of being Japan’s
sweetheart, she went and got herself knocked up by some hick yakuza from Hiroshima. She
married the man who burned my home to the ground.”
Haruka’s heart sank. The Little Asia fire. “Chihiro… I’m sorry. Truly. Even I… struggled to
believe that Yuta was capable of such a thing.”
“You struggled? Are you a fucking idiot?” Chihiro cackled. “You really lay awake at night, staring
at the ceiling, wondering how your yakuza husband could be capable of doing yakuza things? You
know what the yakuza are, right? They’re thugs! They’re murderers, extortionists, sex traffickers,
and yes, arsonists! Yuta Usami, Kazuma Kiryu, Masumi fucking Arakawa, they’re all. Thugs.”
“And what the hell does that make you?!” Saeko snapped, stepping forward. Chihiro’s glare - and
gun - snapped to her, but Saeko didn’t flinch. “You kidnapped and drugged a kid! You planned to
hand him over to a bunch of bloodthirsty triads, because, what, you’re mad at the yakuza? Because
you had a shitty childhood? Newsflash, sweetheart - we all had shitty childhoods! Get over
yourself!”
Chihiro’s finger tightened around the trigger. Kasuga quickly stepped between Saeko and the barrel
of the gun, hands up in a calming gesture.
“Chihiro-chan,” he began, his tone compassionate, but firm, “you have… every right to hate the
yakuza. Believe me. I get it. As much as I wish they were the noble samurai they are in my head…
they’re not. Nobody here is going to argue with you on that. But the answer is not to keep that cycle
going! Haruka-chan and Haruto… they don’t deserve any of this. She’s not your enemy! The
yakuza took just as much from her! You both should be on the same side. Please. Just… put the gun
down.”
“They took just as much?” Chihiro laughed bitterly. “I grew up in poverty thanks to the yakuza.
My home was burned by a yakuza. The survivors were hunted down, evicted, bought, sold, and
murdered by the yakuza. Don’t tell me we’re the same.” She shook her head. “I knew the same fate
awaited me if I stayed. So I decided to die. I disappeared after the fire, changed my name, and left
Kamurocho. I slept under bridges and in dumpsters, scrounging under vending machines just to be
able to eat.”
“Same here,” Nanba muttered. “You don’t see me waving a gun at my only blood relative.”
Chihiro ignored him. “I drifted for a while. Yokohama, Nagoya, Kyoto… eventually, I wound up
here, in Sotenbori. A homeless man took me in, and I became part of the community here. But
everywhere I went, all I saw was hungry men, leering at me. It was degrading.” She glanced at

Kasuga. “At the same time, I fantasized about murdering Masumi Arakawa, by that point the acting
captain of the Omi Alliance, and one day, he arrived in Osaka. So fantasy turned to plan.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “You targeted Arakawa-san…?”
Chihiro nodded. “Of course. After all, the Arakawa Family had turned Kamurocho into a graveyard
for people like me. But I suppose fate got to him first. Not days later, the Great Dissolution had
happened, and only hours after that, Arakawa was dead. Murdered in Yokohama and dumped into
the Tokyo Bay.” She glanced at Kasuga, whose face darkened as he recalled the night Arakawa was
murdered… The last night he saw his patriarch. “With nowhere for my rage to go, I went back to
hiding amongst the homeless. You already know the next part of my story, at least.”
Kasuga shook his thoughts away and nodded. “Yeah. Akame took you under her wing, gave you
work. I remember you mentioning that back in Okinawa.”
Chihiro nodded. “The Akame Network was… the first time since Father’s death that I felt like I
belonged anywhere. I got to help vulnerable women, especially Chinese and Korean immigrants…
It was actually kind of nice. Felt like I was doing something good.
“It was around this time that I was approached by Hanawa,” she continued. “He said his ‘group’
was interested in my skills. The Daidoji Faction. Their top agent was on leave, he told me. Hanawa
personally took me under his wing. Trained me. Taught me everything I needed to know about
espionage and subterfuge.”
“Bet he’s kicking himself for that one,” Zhao remarked.
“All the while, he had no idea who I really was,” Chihiro continued. “Where I really came from.
He never even asked! Maybe it was easier that way. A few months ago, I was given my first big
assignment. I was to help Hanawa watch after a small orphanage an hour outside of Ryukyu.
Morning Glory. I was confused, of course. Why were a bunch of orphans so important to the
Daidoji?
“In the briefing, I got to see a photo of you, Haruka,” Chihiro smirked as she spoke. “I couldn’t
believe my luck. The girl who had everything I never could have… and the Daidoji were serving
her up to me on a silver platter. And what’s more, the agent that was on leave? None other than
Kazuma Kiryu, the murderer of our father.”
Haruka glared at her. “He didn’t…!”
“Save it,” Chihiro snapped. “So, now I knew where you were, and I had a target for my revenge.
I’ll be honest. I had initially planned to corner you in an alleyway and slit your throat, then leave
you to the rodents. That’s when I met Akira Mabuchi. He had been in contact with the Saio Triad in
Hong Kong, who were planning a return to Japan. The only problem? Their chairman was dying,
and they needed an heir.”
Kasuga’s face hardened. “Haruto.”
Chihiro nodded. “That’s right. And as Haruka’s sister, and Haruto’s aunt… I would have become a
regent. The most powerful woman in the organization, until Haruto came of age. I was nearly ready
to act… and then Kasuga started snooping around the orphanage, and the Daidoji suddenly had
more eyes on everyone. That put a bit of a damper on things, and forced me to accelerate things
somewhat.”

She sighed. “And now we’re all caught up. Now that you know the truth, sister… Do you have
anything to say?”
Haruka clenched her fists. “What do you want me to say? You’re trying to hurt my son. Do you
think that changes because you had a tough life, or because we happen to share the same blood?
I’m sorry, Chihiro… but I don’t care.”
Chihiro’s eyes widened, wild and feral. “Excuse me?!”
Haruka shook her head and looked down at the ground. “Kyohei Jingu was nothing to me. Just the
man I got my genes from. Kazuma Kiryu… he’s my real father. And all of the other orphans at
Morning Glory… They're my real family. Family has nothing to do with blood! Uncle Kaz… he
taught me that, a long time ago. I haven’t thought about my biological family in… years. It just
never mattered to me. I’m not saying this to be cruel… but you aren’t my sister. Not in any way
that matters. I’m sorry if you expected something different.”
“So you would toss me aside, too?” Chihiro asked, finger tightening around the trigger. “Just like
everyone else did?!”
“What does it matter?” Haruka asked sharply. “You said it yourself. You’re going to kill me.
Right?”
“What? Do you think I’m bluffing?”
Haruka sighed, took a deep breath, then looked back up at her sister. “If you had come to me,
without the gun, without the deceit, without the anger, things could’ve been different. They could
have been a lot different.
“They still can be,” she continued. “Put the gun down, Chihiro. Turn around. Walk away from all
of this, and stop living for revenge.” She sighed. It almost seemed like she was talking to herself as
much as she was to her sister. “It’s not going to make you feel whole. If all you live for is
revenge… If hatred is your only fuel… once you finally have nothing left to rage against… all
that’s left will be emptiness.”
Chihiro chuckled bitterly. “You know this idiot tried that exact same crap on me earlier, right?” she
muttered, gesturing to Kasuga. “You were going to learn this lesson one way or another—the hero
schtick only gets you killed.” She smirked cruelly. “Haven’t you ever heard him whine about how
he ‘almost got through’ to Ryo Aoki, before his own cultists stabbed him in the back?” She stepped
forward. “That story only ends one way. You can’t talk down the villain, Sawamura.”
“Nobody decided you were the ‘villain’ but you,” Yagami cut in, hands in his pockets. “You can
decide right now to be the hero.”
Chihiro stared at Yagami, her eyes hard. “…Who the fuck is this guy, anyway? What’s he doing
here?”
Yagami chuckled. “I’m just a washed up lawyer who still somehow believes in justice, even though
the whole world has conspired to beat that belief out of me.” He paced the area. “The thing about
being a defense attorney is… sometimes you gotta advocate for people you already know can’t be
saved. People you know are guilty. It comes with the job. And I thought I could tell who was guilty,
and who wasn’t… Until I defended the same innocent man twice, for murder.”

Yagami’s face tightened as he remembered Shinpei Okubo’s face. The look he had when he
realized his only shot at freedom… had given up on him. “…I let my judgment waver the second
time, and he very nearly paid the ultimate price for it. I vowed to never let that happen again. So
what Haruka and Kasuga are trying to do here? You might think it’s stupid. Maybe it is. But it’s
right, no matter how many times they fail. And whether or not they fail… is up to you.”
“Even if we fail to save the bad guy nine times out of ten…” Kasuga added softly, “…the one time
we succeed is worth the trouble. Every time.”
“Don’t you morons get it?” Chihiro growled. “You can’t save me! I’m out of options! I betrayed
the Daidoji Faction, lied to them about who I was, leaked information to criminals, kidnapped one
of their charges,” she jabbed her gun at Haruka “and I’m about to blow a second one’s fucking
brains out. Even if your little pity party had even a single shot at working, I’m a dead woman
walking. They’re going to kill me.”
Kasuga shook his head. “I won’t let that happen.”
“It doesn’t matter!” Chihiro exclaimed. “They’re not going to stop until I’m in the ground. You
think YOU can stop all of them? They’ll kill you too. No… I have to do this. It’s my only way
out.”
“It’s not the only way out!” Kasuga pleaded. “Please! We can help you! Just listen to us!”
Chihiro shook her head. “No. Shut up. Shut the fuck up. The kid is coming with me, and all of you
are dying. And then, once we’ve taken over the Saio Triad, I’m marching them all over here, and
we’re destroying whatever is left of the yakuza.”
Haruka stepped forward, while the others protectively stepped in front of Haruto. “Over my dead
body.”
Chihiro pointed her gun directly at Haruka’s face. “Believe me… that can be arranged.”
The two women stood opposite each other. Chihiro’s hand trembled, her breath heavy… until
finally, she steadied herself. “…Goodbye, sister.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “NO!”
She pulled the trigger. A loud pop erupted from the gun, the muzzle flare lighting up the entire
street. The entire party stared, horrified at Haruka. Haruto came out from behind Kaito, but Kaito
swooped down and covered the boy. “Mom?!” he called out. He ducked under Kaito’s grasp.
“Mom, are you okay?!”
Kaito growled. “Kid, don’t!” He looked over at Haruka… and his jaw dropped. “…Huh?”
The others seemed just as astounded. Kasuga’s brow was raised in amazement. “No way…” he
muttered.
Haruka stood still, unflinching. A thin, red line had appeared on her cheek. A single bead of blood
trickled from the line.
The bullet had merely grazed her.

And Chihiro… did not look surprised. Her arm hung loosely at her side, the pistol lowering as
smoke drifted from its barrel. For just a second, something human flickered behind her eyes. It
almost looked like… relief. But that look soon disappeared. “Tch. The sight is misaligned,” she
muttered.
“You don’t have to do this,” Haruka said softly, ignoring the sting of the wound where the bullet
had grazed her. “I can tell you don’t want to.”
Chihiro shook her head, tears forming in her eyes. “Stop talking." She let out a shuddered breath,
took a deep breath, and steeled herself. "You think a faulty weapon is going to stop me? I can kill
you just with my bare hands.” She tossed the gun aside, and adopted a Changquan stance.
Haruka sighed, clenched her fists, and took up her own stance, her right fist coming up to her chin,
her left hanging loosely at her side. “…Chihiro… I will do… whatever it takes to protect my
family.” Saeko, Seonhee, and Nanba came up to her side. “We’re not going to go down easily.”
Chihiro’s breathing slowed. She looked around at all of the people that slowly surrounded her.
“Fine,” she said, her voice low. “You want to die for her? Then so be it.”
She made the first move, locking eyes with Haruka and beginning to run at her. Saeko stepped in
front of her and swung her handbag; Chihiro deflected it with the back of her wrist and pivoted,
grabbing Saeko’s arm and locking it behind her back, before shoving her away with a grunt. Nanba
came next, umbrella raised; she sidestepped, caught the shaft, and twisted, wrenching it from his
grip and jabbing it into his gut, causing him to double over.
Seonhee followed with a precise side kick. Chihiro ducked beneath it, elbowing Seonhee’s ribs,
which audibly cracked as her breath escaped her throat with an audible “Oof!”
Through all of this, she didn’t once break eye contact with Haruka. She ran at her sister, yelling out
as she prepared to jump. “Eeyah!” she yelled, leaping forward with an extended knee, her hair
fanning out, her blazer flapping behind her.
Haruka twisted on her heel and brought her other leg up in one clean motion. Her foot met
Chihiro’s knee in midair, and for just a moment, the whole world seemed to freeze.
CHIHIRO JINGU
Saio Triad

Chapter 72: Weep for the Wicked
Chihiro and Haruka separated from their midair clash, and quickly backed away from each other to
recalibrate, by which point Saeko, Nanba, and Seonhee had recovered from their mini-beat downs
and stood at Haruka’s side. Chihiro transformed in a flash of light, and the fight had begun in
earnest.
“Struggle all you want, sister!” Chihiro yelled, seemingly fighting back tears as she did so. “You
might have lived the superior life, but pain is the better teacher! I will end you!”
Nanba sighed. “Just talk to a shrink like the rest of us…” he muttered.
Saeko shook her head. “Yeah, I think we’re way past that.”
“So what’s the plan, Haruka?” Seonhee asked.
“I don’t know…” Haruka said softly. “I think talking this out is off the table, at this point… We
have to keep her away from Haruto.”
“Hey, don’t worry about the kid, Haruka-chan,” Kaito assured her as he took a battle stance behind
Haruka, forming a defensive line in front of Haruto with Yagami, Kasuga, and the others. “She ain’t
gettin’ near him.” He smirked. “Just worry about that smack down she’s beggin’ for.”
“Huh?”
“I hate to say it, but he might be right, Haruka-chan,” Kasuga sighed, scratching the back of his
head. “I don’t think she’s gonna listen to reason. Not like this. You’ll just have to win the fight.
Maybe then we can talk this through with her.”
Haruka’s eyes steeled, and she nodded. “Mm. Okay.”
Haruto looked at his mother with worry. “Mom… be careful…”
Haruka moved first, running at Chihiro and starting with a basic combo consisting of a right hook,
a low leg sweep which launched her, and a high roundhouse kick, which sent Chihiro flying across
the street.
Chihiro skillfully rolled back into a standing position upon hitting the ground, and retaliated. She
ran back at Haruka, and hit her with a rapid rush combo, a flurry of punches coming at her with
nigh impossible speed; the punches were so fast, one could almost make out the shape of the air
being displaced through the fog. Haruka blocked most of these attacks; Chihiro finished with a
spinning back fist, which sent Haruka backwards a bit.
Seonhee stepped in with a roundhouse kick, delivering a piercing heel to Chihiro’s face. “Don’t
mess with me,” Seonhee said, sounding almost bored.
Saeko’s turn was up; she nodded to Haruka, who nodded back. “I’m ready!” Haruka exclaimed.
Saeko attacked, running at Chihiro and delivering a sliding kick to her legs, sending her into the air;
Haruka leapt over Saeko with a flying dropkick, catching Chihiro in midair and again sending her
soaring.

Nanba took this opportunity to get an on-the-ground attack on her, smacking her hard with his
umbrella. “They should put me in the next Virtua Fighter,” he quipped.
“I don’t know if anyone would main you,” Saeko snarked.
“Yeah, ‘cos I’d be banned from ranked,” Nanba retorted proudly.
“Probably for being rank,” Seonhee chuckled.
Nanba furrowed his brow. “Hey, after all that running around we just did in that damn warehouse
with no A/C? You don’t smell like cherry blossoms either, sister.” His eyes widened as Seonhee
shot an absolutely terrifying death glare that conveyed I know where you live, I know your work
schedule, and I know where you buy your underwear rather clearly. “Uh… scratch that,” he
muttered, face going pale. “You smell great.”
Seonhee’s expression flipped on a dime. “Aww, thanks, Nanba!” she said sweetly.
Haruka made her next move, attempting to debuff her foe. She clasped her hands together, with her
finger and her thumb forming the shape of a gun, and smiled cutely at Chihiro. “Bakkyun~!” she
exclaimed in a high register, mimicking a gunshot as a pink flash of energy shot out at Chihiro…
and then fizzled out.
It was unclear what exactly she intended to accomplish with this, as Chihiro was, to put it lightly,
not in the mood for cutesy idol antics. “No good…?” Haruka asked, somehow shocked. Miss!
On her turn, Chihiro refrained from attacking, instead raising one arm. “Go ahead and try it!” she
called out.
Seonhee ran at Chihiro to slash at her with her blades; before she could even attempt this, however,
Chihiro grabbed her arm, twisted it, and flipped her over her shoulder, sending the assassin to the
ground. “Oof! Ugh, should’ve seen that one coming,” she groaned as she rolled back onto her
stomach and pushed herself up onto her feet.
Saeko approached Chihiro and pulled out a bottle of champagne from god knows where. She
started shaking it up and down, faster and faster, exclaiming “Cham-cham-cham-PAIN!” and
popping the top off. The cork flew painfully at Chihiro’s face, leaving a nasty bruise, and she
became drenched in alcohol. Saeko then flipped the bottle, caught it by the neck, and chucked it as
hard as she could at Chihiro. It shattered on impact, dealing significant damage.
Nanba grabbed a handful of breadcrumbs and chucked them at Chihiro. She was almost
immediately swarmed by what seemed like every single pigeon in Kansai, who pecked at her
painfully in an attempt to grab the bread crumbs. She swatted at the air—“Get off of me, you flying
rats!”—and they flew away.
Chihiro lowered her stance and turned her palms outwards, shuddering and letting out a noise
halfway between a laugh and a groan. “Do you all think this is a game?” she growled. “Fine. I
won't hold back anymore!” She ripped the blazer off with a single motion, revealing her sleek and
form-fitting blue dress shirt underneath—as well as two blade holsters. From each holster, she
retrieved a curved karambit, now dual wielding blades, each one glinting in the light. “Give up now
and I might make it quick, Sawamura!”
“Aaaand there’s phase two,” Nanba groaned. “There’s always a second phase…”

“Great…” Saeko grumbled. “Like my dress isn’t ruined enough… My leggings are shredded up
too… We’re going shopping RIGHT after this.”
“Maybe get something a bit more protective next time?” Nanba suggested. “And not something that
can’t take a little abuse?”
“I need to look good while kicking ass,” she shot back. “Non-negotiable. If that means I go through
clothes like disposable razors, well, so be it.”
Setting her sights on Haruka, Chihiro gripped her blades and approached her, slashing her
diagonally with one blade, then again with the other, before slashing them both down together in an
X-shape, leaving Haruka bleeding.
Then, without breaking stride, Chihiro spun, flinging one karambit into the air. “Catch this!” she
snarled as her leg whipped up into a brutal roundhouse, kicking the airborne blade straight into
Seonhee’s gut. Seonhee gasped, stumbling back. Chihiro calmly walked up and ripped the blade
free, drawing a pained grunt from the Geomijul leader.
“Ngh… so she’s a little faster now…” Seonhee grumbled, her breath shallow. “That’s gonna leave a
nasty scar…”
Haruka moved next, approaching Chihiro and pulling out two glowsticks. “The crowd adores
me~!” she chirped cutely as she hit Chihiro once, then twice, before swiping sharply upward with
both glowsticks, launching her into the air. She then roundhouse kicked her across the street,
dealing significant damage.
Saeko followed up by approaching Chihiro as she stood up and pulling out a powderpuff. “Let’s
clean that mug of yours!” She grabbed her and shoved the puff into her face, then flipped her over
onto her back.
Nanba chugged a bottle of sake and then flicked a lighter open in front of his face, breathing the
ignited alcohol out onto Chihiro and setting her clothes ablaze.
Chihiro ran at Haruka and roundhouse kicked her face, before slashing at her gut. She then turned
around and dropkicked Nanba to the ground.
Haruka knew things would go south fast if she didn’t get backup—now. She pulled out her phone
and tapped the Poundmates app, which, as before, had gained a lot of new options since she last
used it. Frantically, she navigated the app’s menus, looking for a new profile. She swiped and
tapped faster and faster, static electricity sparking from her finger as she did so, before she finally
found the icons of a trio of allies…
“Please…” she said as she tapped the icon, then pointed her phone up to the sky. “I NEED YOUR
HELP!” she shouted to the heavens. A beam of light emanated from her phone and shot into the
sky above, parting the clouds dramatically.
Three new allies jumped into action, landing on the battlefield between Haruka and her opponent.
They cracked their knuckles. They adjusted their sunglasses. They smirked, as they adjusted their
neatly pressed black t-shirts, all of which had a pink, monochrome image of Haruka printed on
them, next to the text “ARE YOU READY? GO! SAWAMURA HARUKA”.

These three men… were not the best men for the job, but they were who she called anyway.
Yokoyama, Nomura, and Arakawa (no relation), the three confused yakuza who imprinted on
Haruka back in Ijincho, had joined the fight.
They pumped their fists triumphantly. “Anything for you, boss!” they exclaimed simultaneously.
YOKOYAMA, NOMURA, & ARAKAWA
Members of the Sawamura Family, A Tojo Clan Subsidiary
The three of them approached Chihiro. Yokoyama pointed dramatically. “The boss taught us what it
really means to be yakuza!” he exclaimed.
Nomura slammed his fist into his palm. “A life of decency!”
Arakawa threw his head back, shouting dramatically to the heavens, “And public service!”
The three of them cracked their necks in unison. “So allow us to assist you… civilian,” Yokoyama
said with a sneer.
SAWAMURA FAMILY CODE
SECTION ONE: ASSISTING THE ELDERLY
Yokoyama darted off, quickly finding an elderly Osakan woman who needed help crossing the
street. She had purple hair, a cheetah print sweater, and a terrifying reputation in Sotenbori. She
held out her hand as he approached. “Why thank ya, darlin’!” she thanked. Rather than grabbing
her hand, Yokoyama scooped her up into his arms, bridal style. “Oh, my! You really are
somethin’!”
Yokoyama sped off with the notorious Obatarian, dropping her off right next to Chihiro—who
snarled and shoved her. The woman glared daggers. “Oh, no you did not,” she growled. She
gripped Chihiro by her waist. Chihiro flailed as she lifted her up off the ground, and swiftly
tombstoned her, painfully cracking her skull against the pavement. “The nerve of some people!”
she grumbled as she marched off.
SECTION TWO: CLEANING UP LITTER
Nomura walked menacingly up to Chihiro, who still laid on the ground, with his hands behind his
back. “Whadda we have here?” he asked with a smirk. “Looks like someone forgot to pick up their
trash!” He pulled out a large broom and, wielding it like a naginata, swept under Chihiro in an
upward motion, launching her very high into the air. “Let me… GET THAT FOR YOU!” he
shouted as he spun his broom in a circular motion, catching Chihiro as she fell and tossing her
impossibly far, landing painfully several meters away.
SECTION THREE: SPREAD LOVE AND POSITIVITY
Arakawa, meanwhile, stayed with the party. He turned to them, pulled a megaphone out, and yelled
into it, tears streaming down his face.
“YOU’RE DOING YOUR BEST, DAMMIT, AND THAT’S ALL WE ASK OF YOU!”

This wave of encouragement spread throughout the entire party, fully healing all of them and curing
all of their status ailments.
With the three tenets of the Sawamura Family creed expertly communicated to Chihiro, the trio of
bumbling yakuza bowed their heads gracefully to their reluctant matriarch, who sighed, hands on
her hips. “You guys…” Haruka muttered.
The end result of this sequence of attacks was that Chihiro was very heavily damaged, and Haruka
and her party were fully healed. Growling, Chihiro quickly ran at Haruka and began slashing wildly
with her blades. “Ah!” Haruka grunted as she jumped backwards, narrowly dodging one slash, and
then another, and then another. She caught one of Chihiro’s wrists with her hand and knocked a
blade out with the other open palm; Chihiro then drove a forceful push kick into Haruka’s stomach,
knocking her back, and then roundhouse kicked with her other leg.
Haruka ducked beneath this kick, then kicked Chihiro’s legs out from under her. Chihiro dropped
her remaining blade, then rolled backwards to dodge a wheel kick from Haruka.
“Sawamura…!” Chihiro spat as she stood back up and ran at her. “I’ll kill you!” She raised a fist
and put all of her strength into one last punch at Haruka’s face. Haruka steeled her nerves, ducked
low, and countered with a sharp jab to her sister’s solar plexus.
The resultant sound was less flesh striking flesh and more like a crack of thunder. Blood arced from
Chihiro’s mouth as her body folded around the hit; time itself seemed almost to slow down as the
party watched in amazement as Haruka pulled this perfect counter off.
“No way…” Kasuga whispered, eyes widening.
“That’s… perfect form,” Yagami said softly.
Kaito smirked. “Hmph. So, there’s a dragon in ya after all…”
Chihiro flew backwards from the impact, crashing into the pavement and rolling across the road,
groaning in pain and humiliation. Slowly, painfully, she rolled onto her back as Haruka, Kasuga,
and Yagami approached her, Haruka’s breath heavy.
“Chihiro…” Haruka breathed out. “It’s over. Please… stop.”
“Kill me,” Chihiro muttered. “Finish the job. You yakuza always do.”
“That ain’t how this story ends,” Kasuga responded, shaking his head. “Come on, Chihiro-chan.
Get up. Let’s talk about this.”
Chihiro painfully turned her head to her right, noticing her previously discarded handgun laying
within arm’s reach. She smirked. “Tch. Big mistake.” She reached for the gun, but Haruka’s boot
came down on top of it before she could grab it. “Ngh!”
Haruka knelt over and picked up the gun, examining it. She then sighed and passed it to Kasuga,
who quickly released the magazine, racked the slide back, then yanked it clean off, tossing the two
pieces of the now useless weapon in opposite directions. “There,” he said, relief evident in his
voice. “Nobody’s dying tonight.”

Haruka nodded. “Chihiro…I’m sorry for what’s happened to you. It sounds terrible. But… I had
nothing to do with it. Neither did Kazuma Kiryu. And Haruto especially didn’t. And frankly…
nobody still alive did, either. The Tojo Clan is gone. The Omi Alliance is gone. Masumi Arakawa is
gone. Jingu is gone. And I know how that feels for someone to have hurt you, only for them to be
gone before you feel like justice has really been served. But I won’t turn that anger outward, and
you shouldn’t either.”
Chihiro’s eyes narrowed. “Ngh… don’t pity me. Don’t you dare pity me!” She suddenly stood up,
causing everyone to tense, but instead of throwing another punch, she quickly turned on her heel
and ran off, limping slightly.
“Ah!” Haruka called out, “Chihiro! Wait, come back!”
“Let her go, Haruka-chan,” Kaito said, stepping up and putting a hand on her shoulder. “You’ve got
another responsibility right now.”
Haruto approached them, eyes full with worry. “Mom… are you okay?”
Haruka continued to watch Chihiro until she disappeared into the fog. “Yeah…” she muttered. “I’m
fine.”
Haruto also turned to where Chihiro had run off. He furrowed his brow. “She was really mean,
but… she seemed… scared.”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. I bet she was.”
Kasuga walked past them, taking point. “Come on. Let’s get Haruto-kun back to Akame’s. We can
figure out what’s next from there.”
Haruka nodded. “Okay.”
As the party walked back into Sotenbori, Kiryu, Taichi, and Sugiura stood atop the Kirijo
warehouse, watching them go. Taichi sighed. “Chihiro…” he muttered.
“Whaddya think they were talking about down there?” Sugiura asked, turning to Kiryu. “That fight
looked intense, but… something tells me something else was going on down there.”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. I think so too. But something tells me we’ll know before the end of the night.
Hanawa’s on his way to Sotenbori, and he’s not going to leave any stone unturned.”
Taichi’s brow furrowed. “You mean he’s going to kill Chihiro, right?”
Kiryu shook his head. “I’m not letting that happen. You don’t have to worry about that.” Just as he
said that, he heard the door behind them beginning to open. The group turned to face it, and
Hanawa walked through it, cracking his neck.
“Unfortunately, Kiryu, that’s not really up to you,” he muttered.
Taichi’s scowled. “Tch. Hanawa…”
Hanawa raised a hand, sighing. “And even more unfortunately, it’s not up to me anymore, either,”
he lamented as he walked towards the trio.

Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “Huh? What do you mean?”
Hanawa sighed and looked down at the ground, adjusting his glasses as he did so. “I mentioned in
our call that I wasn’t coming alone. The truth is… I’ve come with your new handler.”
Kiryu’s eyes widened. “What?!”
Taichi scoffed. “Heh. Maybe this new guy’s not such a dick.”
“Whatever your thoughts are of me, Taichi, I promise you, this new handler is much, much worse
than I am,” Hanawa shot back. “And anyway… he’s my handler now, too. I’ve been demoted. The
higher-ups decided the chaos of the last few days reflected… poorly on me. So, as of tonight, I’m
just another agent.”
“Is he here now?” Kiryu asked.
Hanawa nodded grimly and turned to the doorway. “Gentlemen… meet the Daidoji Faction’s
newest recruit. He had connections to the previous government. Very high level ones. Because of
that, he’s entered the faction at a rank higher than mine.”
Kiryu’s eyes narrowed at the newcomer. Taichi raised an eyebrow. Sugiura’s eyes widened in
recognition. “No way…” Sugiura muttered. “That’s… impossible.”
The new handler adjusted the sleeves of his suit jacket, a smug smirk crawling up his face.
“Evening, gentlemen,” he said, his tone slick and his demeanor snakelike. Reaching into his jacket
pocket, he pulled out a small handkerchief. “So, this is the famous Kazuma Kiryu,” he said as he
sniffled into the cloth. “It’s an honor to finally meet you.”
Hanawa sighed and crossed his arms. “Kiryu… meet your new handler. Codename: Viper.”
“Viper” put his handkerchief back into his pocket. He was of above-average height with a lean
build, pale skin, and short dark-brown hair with his medium-length bangs parted to the right.
“Thank you for the introduction, Hanawa,” he said smugly. “I’ll take it from here.”
Sugiura shook his head, rage bubbling beneath the surface. “Viper? Bullshit. This sick fuck isn’t
just any agent.”
Kiryu turned to Sugiura. “Hm? Do you know him?”
Viper chuckled. “Surely you must be mistaken. I don’t believe we’ve ever met.”
“Quit playing games!” Sugiura snapped. “I don’t know why you’re hiding behind some cute little
codename now… or why you think you can pull one over on us… but I wouldn’t forget that face.
Your name isn’t Viper. It’s—!”
Kazuki Soma
Daidoji Faction Agent

Chapter 73: Viper
Soma smirked at Sugiura. “Ah… I believe we may have crossed paths once or twice,” he chuckled.
“You’re Takayuki Yagami’s sidekick, aren’t you? One of them, anyway.”
Sugiura grit his teeth. “When Yagami finds out about this…!”
“He’s going to what?” Soma asked. “Go toe to toe with the entire Daidoji Faction, just for
vengeance on one man? Don’t be silly. If you set him on that path… you may as well be pulling the
trigger yourself.”
Kiryu raised an eyebrow at Sugiura. “Sugiura. You mind filling us in?”
Soma smirked once more. “Yes. I suppose you should. Let everyone know just who it is they’re
dealing with, and hopefully it’ll keep you all in line.”
Sugiura huffed, and turned to Kiryu and Taichi. “Kazuki Soma is… a sick fuck degenerate. That’s
the only way I can put it.”
“Oh, stop,” Soma laughed. “You’ll make me blush.”
“He gets off on violence and torture,” Sugiura explained, ignoring Soma. “Last year, he was the
head of RK, a hangure gang of ex-Tojo Clan rejects who couldn’t transition to normal lives after
the Dissolution. Soma himself was a high ranking member of the Nikkyo Consortium.”
Kiryu’s eyebrows arced in interest. “The Consortium? Third Chairman Sera’s group?”
Sugiura shrugged. “Sure. Dunno who that is, but sure. The thing is, Soma was put in there as a
plant. He’s actually a cop.”
Kiryu turned to Soma. “If you got that high up without being discovered, you must have covered
your tracks well. The Nikkyo Consortium was one of the Tojo’s top families, not to mention one of
the most exclusive.”
“When you’re good at your job, people tend not to ask questions,” Soma said proudly.
Sugiura glared at him. “Soma ‘covered his tracks’ by taking the Tojo Clan’s dirtiest jobs. The ones
nobody else wanted to touch. If the Tojo Clan needed cops missing, or witnesses silenced, Soma
was the one to make it happen. Stuff like that.”
Kiryu narrowed his eyes. “Tch,” he clicked his tongue. “A yakuza without honor.”
“Honor doesn’t keep the lights on,” Soma retorted. “But don’t stop there,” he prodded Sugiura, he
smile returning.
Sugiura continued. “He founded RK on behalf of Public Security, in order to get all of the exyakuza still on the streets into one place where they can be controlled and monitored. Whole thing
was a gigantic sting operation, one he used to enrich himself, all the while his government masters
sat on their hands, watched, and funded theft, arms trafficking, and the murder of innocent
civilians.

“The National Police Agency gave him a license to do whatever he wanted,” he added. “That
included murdering Yoko Sawa, a teacher at Seiryo High in Ijincho, because she got too close to
the truth. He stabbed her in the back of the neck, paralyzed her, and left her to bleed out, sobbing
and unable to call for help, in her own apartment.”
Taichi’s face paled in shock. “Jesus…” he muttered.
Sugiura turned to Soma, rage burning in his eyes. “Soma… you are a monster. There is a very
special place in hell waiting for you.” After a moment, a question appeared in his eyes, though his
glare did not soften. “…And how is this possible, anyway? You’re supposed to be dead. They
found you hanging by a bedsheet in your jail cell, right before you were supposed to testify against
Bando and others at the NPA who were complicit in your crimes.”
Soma snorted, then pulled his handkerchief back up to his nose and sniffled. “Surely you didn’t
believe I had killed myself.”
“Sure didn’t,” Sugiura retorted. “I thought you had been silenced. That’s how these things normally
go.”
“To tell you the truth, I, too, thought that would be my fate,” Soma admitted. “I had already
endured two separate attempts on my life by some ex-Tojo Clan brutes who I had put away. That
was why I was put in protective custody. Two guards were stationed outside my cell twenty-four
hours a day, rotating their shifts every eight hours. One day, however, at the shift change… nobody
came. My cell was completely unguarded. I heard the door open, and assumed that was it. I
believed somebody from the NPA had finally arrived to silence me.”
He turned to Hanawa, losing none of his smugness. “Instead… Hanawa walked in. My savior.”
Hanawa turned his head away. “Tch…”
Kiryu tilted his head. “Hanawa?”
Sugiura clenched his fists, turning his glare to Hanawa. “You son of a bitch…”
“Yes, it’s true,” Hanawa admitted, crossing his arms. “The truth is, the NPA did send people to
silence him. That’s why the guards disappeared. That’s why the cameras were shut off. Three men
were sent into the prison to kill him, make it look like a suicide. I simply got there first.”
“But not by accident, I bet,” Taichi chuckled humorlessly.
Hanawa nodded. “Right. I had gotten word from some of our few remaining sympathetic contacts
in the NPA what was about to go down, and decided that if Soma was going to die, a new asset
should be born from that. So I beat them there, and gave Soma a choice. Either live in the
shadows… or die looking like a coward.”
“Why?!” Sugiura demanded. “Why not let the bastard hang?! He deserved it!”
“You don’t understand,” Hanawa attempted to justify. “The Faction was bleeding out. The CLP had
just lost a brutal election, and the incoming government was promising a full bureaucratic purge.
‘Cleaning the rot’, they called it. Like they weren’t just as rotten. We had to scale back and go even
further underground, or everything we had built would’ve been destroyed. Soma… he was

everything we needed as we transitioned into exile. Efficient. Discreet. Willing to handle all of the
dirty jobs, and able to clean up a mess before anyone knew there’d been one.
“I thought I was recruiting a weapon,” he continued bitterly. “I didn’t realize I was arming a serpent
willing to turn around and bite the hand that feeds.”
Soma tilted his head, amusement dancing in his eyes. “You make it sound as though ambition is a
crime.”
Kiryu scoffed. “You gambled and lost the table,” he muttered.
“The Daidoji are desperate, Kiryu,” Hanawa said softly. “You know better than anyone here what
that does to a man.”
Kiryu nodded grimly. “Yeah. I do.”
Soma paced the rooftop, encircling the quarter. His smirk had disappeared. It appeared he was all
business now. “Now then. Hanawa already filled me in on the mission on the way out here. So, give
me some updates. Haruto Sawamura?”
“Secured,” Kiryu answered with a nod. “He’s with Haruka now.”
“And Haruka herself? Has she discovered your identity?”
“I have not made direct, face-to-face contact with Haruka.”
Soma paused, staring at Kiryu. “Do you think you’re being clever?”
“I’m being truthful. I have not even been in the same room as Haruka Sawamura, save for a mishap
at The Castle that I’m sure you’ve been briefed on.”
Soma stared into his eyes for a moment, searching for any sign of deceit, though he could find
none. He raised his handkerchief to his nose. “Very well.”
Taichi crossed his arms. “Okay, what's with your nose? Have we been partying tonight? You know,
a little…” He mimed holding a straw to his nose.
Kiryu shot Taichi a sharp look. “Taichi,” he said, causing the young man to straighten up.
Something in his eyes told Taichi that he found the question a bit amusing, however, with the
corners of his mouth twitching slightly.
Soma scoffed. “Very funny. It’s a dust allergy.”
Taichi tilted his head. “A vicious, serial-killing yakuza with a dust allergy. …Okay.”
Soma halted his pace right next to Hanawa where he had started. “And Chihiro Watanabe. Has she
been eliminated?”
Kiryu shook his head. “Of course not.”
“Then that’s your next directive,” Soma responded coldly. “She’s a traitor to the Faction and must
be dealt with.”

“Fuck you,” Taichi responded flatly.
“Watch your mouth, boy,” Soma snarled, raising a finger. “You are still alive because Hanawa is
soft. I have no qualms with ending you if you cease to be useful.”
“Do that, and we’ll have problems,” Kiryu growled. “Whatever you do to him, Haruka, or anyone
else at Morning Glory, I’ll double it.”
Soma scoffed. “Hah. What, you’ll kill me? The Dragon of Dojima doesn’t kill. Everyone knows
that.”
Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “Oh? Who said that?”
Soma turned to glare at Kiryu. Kiryu glared back, and though Kiryu made no further threats,
something about the way he looked at Soma made the man feel… uneasy. “…Tch. You’re lucky
you’re useful. If anyone else had talked to me like that, they’d be dead already.”
“I’m sure,” Kiryu responded.
Soma sniffled into his handkerchief once more. “You are to apprehend Chihiro Watanabe. If you
cannot kill her, fine. I will. But you are to bring her to the Daidoji Temple so she can be punished.”
Kiryu crossed his arms. “And if I refuse?”
“Then you would only be delaying the inevitable,” Soma retorted. “Now then. Find her. That’s an
order. Am I clear?”
Kiryu scoffed. “Loud and clear…” he muttered. He glanced at Hanawa. “And Hanawa?”
Hanawa sighed. “I’m to be reassigned to Ijincho,” he answered. “Effective tomorrow.”
“Doing what?”
“Cleaning up my shit,” Soma replied with a chuckle. “Or whatever else I feel like assigning him. I
own you. Both of you. So don’t step out of line.”
Hanawa glanced at Soma. “Say… boss,” he said through gritted teeth. Clearly he hated that. “I’m
not supposed to report to Yokohama until nine tomorrow. If it’s alright with you, I’d like to have
one last drink with my… former agent before I’m reassigned.”
Soma studied the man, then rolled his eyes. “This is why you got demoted. You’re too sentimental.
Fine. Do whatever you wish. But I want you at Jinnai Station at exactly nine tomorrow.”
Hanawa nodded. “Of course.”
Soma walked towards the door. “Bring me Watanabe, Kiryu!” he called out over his shoulder.
“Leave no stone unturned!”
He walked through the door, slamming it shut behind him.
“…Dickhead,” Taichi scoffed.
“Hanawa… you’re not really going to capitulate to him, are you?” Kiryu asked.

“I have no choice,” Hanawa sighed, shaking his head. “It’s either that, or die. But, enough of that. I
did promise you one last drink. I was thinking… Cabaret Grand. Have you heard of the place?”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. I’ve been once or twice.”
Hanawa put his hands in his pockets. “Fantastic. Come, let’s forget about all of this nonsense, for
one night at least. Lead the way, Kiryu.”

Chapter 74: Thicker Than Water Despite Itself
The hum of Akame’s server racks filled the silence. The flickering monitors cast a blue glow over
the room. Haruto slept curled up on the couch, his tiny breaths barely audible even as other shuffled
about the room. Kasuga sat slumped against the wall, nursing a split lip with an ice cold can of
Boss Coffee. Nanba dabbed antiseptic on one of his own wounds. Saeko kicked off her heels, one
of which had a broken strap, and sighed. “Great…” she muttered as she fished through her handbag
for a safety pin, which she threaded neatly into the strap. “That’ll hold until I can get to a shoe
store…”
Yagami and Kaito watched Akame’s monitors, surveilling all of Sotenbori, although they were
unsure what they were looking for; they simply figured they had to do something useful. Adachi,
Joongi, and Zhao sat in another corner drinking beer. Seonhee sat across from Haruka, legs crossed,
just… watching her.
Haruka hadn’t said a word since they got back. She simply sat near Haruto, watching as he slept.
Akame arrived with a cup of hot water. “Drink. You haven’t had anything to drink all night. Am I
right?”
Haruka chuckled softly. “No, I guess not. Thanks.” She took the mug and sipped carefully.
Kasuga stood up and walked over to Haruka. “Gah… hell of a night,” he muttered, rubbing his
neck. “You’d think we’d have some answers by now… but instead we’ve only got more questions.
Chihiro-chan’s your sister… how do you feel about that?”
Haruka shook her head wearily. “How am I supposed to feel?”
Kasuga shrugged. “I dunno. I don’t think there’s any right way to feel. You were right back there, I
mean… blood doesn’t really mean much between two strangers. Still… you spent your whole life
thinking you had no blood relatives at all. It would be understandable if you had some doubts about
the whole thing. …I wonder where Chihiro-chan’s at now. I hope she’s okay.”
Nanba looked up from nursing his wounds. “...You serious?”
Kasuga nodded. “Yeah. Look, she’s… she’s making a lot of bad calls right now. But… I know what
it’s like to be in that headspace. I feel bad for her, that’s all I’m sayin’.”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah…”
Seonhee tilted her head. “You know… if she were one of mine, she’d already be dead.”
Haruka and Kasuga turned their heads to stare at Seonhee. “...’Scuse me?” Kasuga asked.
“In light of all of her failures, I mean,” Seonhee clarified, her voice cold. “She’s botched her
mission repeatedly and introduced more chaos than anything else. The Geomijul certainly wouldn’t
tolerate that, and I doubt the Saio are much different.”
“I don’t really think this is what Haruka-chan needs to hear right now,” Adachi chimed in.
Nanba nodded. “Yeah, aren’t you being a little… harsh right now?”

Haruka studied Seonhee, who had a serious look in her eyes… though she noticed a slight smile
creeping up the assassin’s mouth.
“Then of course, there are the Daidoji to consider,” Seonhee continued. “It’s highly likely their best
agents are on the case as we speak with orders to hunt down and eliminate Chihiro Watanabe. She
has a target on her back, and a target on her forehead. Both groups are going to want her dead.
Basically… she hasn’t got a friend in the world.” She gave a small, humorless laugh and leaned
back in her seat. “But I suppose that’s justice. Don’t you agree, Haruka?”
Haruka furrowed her brow and stared into Seonhee’s eyes for another long moment. “…You think I
should go after her.”
“I’m simply telling you what will happen to her if you don’t,” Seonhee replied, her eyes sparkling
with the slightest hint of approval. “What you choose to do with that is up to you. If it was me, I
would do nothing, let fate run its course. But we both know… you’re not me.”
Haruka’s look softened, and she slowly turned to look back at Haruto. “…She tried to hurt Haruto.
To use him, as a weapon in her quest for vengeance against an enemy that no longer exists. Not as
we knew it, anyway.” She blinked, then turned to Kasuga. “At the same time… she only wants to
hurt others because she was hurt. It’s all been one cycle of violence breeding violence. Is that cycle
really doomed to repeat forever?”
Kasuga smiled and shook his head. “Nah. I mean… look at me. I came from that same cycle.”
Adachi snorted. “Hey, Kasuga… you do realize you're one of the most violent, hotheaded gorillas
I’ve ever met, right?”
Kasuga chuckled. “Okay, granted. But, I mean, look, the world I grew up in, a good old-fashioned
brawl was just as good as a heart-to-heart. It was just how we talked to each other. Ain’t nothing
wrong with that, and I stand by that.”
His smile faltered somewhat, and he looked down at his hands. “But then there’s… the other thing,
you know? When it ain’t just a brawl anymore, and you’re just tryin’ to hurt people, because you
were hurt and you just wanna… take it out on anyone you can get your hands on. That was me,
three years ago, after Arakawa-san was killed. I was just so, so angry, and broken and I… I wanted
to hurt someone. Lost my cool during a fight, and I started pounding on a guy who couldn’t even
fight back.” He glanced at Saeko, then Adachi, Nanba, Zhao and Joongi. “They all saw what a
mess I was that day. I still remember their voices, just… beggin’ me to stop.
“And right before I was about to go in for the kill, someone grabbed my arm, stopped me from
making the biggest mistake of my life.” He glanced at Haruka and smirked. “Heh. And then he
kicked the crap out of me. Worst beating I ever had. Left me sore for weeks. If a regular-ass brawl
is a conversation to me, this was a goddamn scolding, and boy did he get the message across.”
Haruka tilted her head. “And what was that message?”
Kasuga’s smirk softened into something more genuine. “You don’t gotta pass it on. The hurt. It can
end with you. All it takes… is a hand extended to someone who might not deserve it. I sure as hell
didn’t.” He let out a long breath and relaxed into the sofa seat, staring at the ceiling. “…I never
forgot that, and I never will. I’m gonna be in his debt, forever.” He laughed softly. “And I’m gonna
spend the rest of my life trying to repay that debt, no matter how much he complains about it.”

His smile slowly turned into a grin, and he crossed his arms. “So, with that bein’ said, Harukachan… whaddya wanna do? It’s up to you.”
Haruka’s look softened, and eventually, she returned his smile. “You really are something, Ichiban
Kasuga.” She suddenly stood up, adjusting her sleeves as she prepared to get back out there. “Do
you know the way to the old Omi Alliance headquarters?”
Kasuga nodded. “Hell yeah I do. So, you’re really gonna do it? You’re gonna save her?”
Haruka nodded in return. “I have to. Even if we can never truly be sisters… I can’t let it end like
this. My conscience won’t allow it. Thank you for talking some sense into me, Kasuga.” She turned
to Seonhee. “And thank you too, Seonhee.”
Seonhee smirked. “I didn’t do anything. Just gave some insight from Ijincho’s most ruthless crime
boss.”
“And the sweetest,” Haruka teased.
Seonhee frowned, her brow furrowing. “Watch it.”
“Mom?” Haruto said sleepily as he slowly rose from his slumber. “Are you heading back out?”
Haruka knelt beside him and nodded. “Yeah. But only for a little bit, okay? I’ll be back before you
know it.”
Kasuga grinned and knelt as well. “Your mom’s about to save someone who needs our help. You
know, like the heroes do.”
Haruto smiled, and nodded. “Okay. Just… be careful, okay?”
Haruka nodded, and hugged her son. “Of course. I’ll be back soon.” She stood back up, and
glanced around the room. “Kasuga and I will handle this. Everyone else… protect this place with
your lives.”
The others were ready, willing, and able to do so. Joongi approached her. “You can count on us,
Haruka.”
“I know I can. Thank you, Joongi Han. You’re a good man.”
Joongi smirked. “Hmph. Don’t get ahead of yourself.”
Haruka turned to Kasuga. “Are you ready?”
Kasuga nodded and adjusted his suit jacket. “Yeah. Let’s go tackle a dungeon.”
The duo left the hideout, ready to march to the Omi HQ.
Kaito smirked as they left. “Heh. I tell ya, that girl might be one of the strongest people I ever met.”
He turned back to the monitors, blinked at what was on the Sotenbori Street monitor, and tapped
Yagami’s shoulder. “Hey, Tak. Look who it is.”
Walking down the street… was Kazuma Kiryu. He was alone. And he had changed clothes, now
wearing a gray suit and a maroon dress shirt with white snakeskin loafers. He had also slicked his

hair back.
“Joryu…” Yagami muttered, narrowing his eyes. “What’s with the new getup?”
Kaito chuckled. “Heh. No idea. Maybe a disguise? But he ain’t foolin’ us. Come on, Tak. Let’s
send the welcoming committee…”
***
Just half an hour earlier, Kiryu, still dressed in his Daidoji Faction getup—black shirt, charcoal
slacks, black loafers, and that unfortunate bowl cut—arrived at the Cabaret Grand with Hanawa,
Taichi, and Sugiura in tow. Hanawa stepped in front of them and held the door for them. “After
you, gentlemen.”
Taichi scoffed. “Nice act, man.”
Hanawa rolled his eyes. “Just trying to end the night peacefully before I have to get back to kissing
Viper’s ass. Relax, would you?”
In truth, however, this was an act, though not in the way anyone would have expected. There was
not a shot in hell that anyone in this quartet, least of all Hanawa, was kissing Soma’s ass, and as the
men walked through the door, the handler lingered, a smirk curling on his lips.
He already had a plan that he was ready to set into motion—one that would make sure there
wouldn’t be an ass left to kiss…

Chapter 75: KATATOKI
The Grand was exactly as Kiryu remembered it, which he supposed made sense; it was, of course,
among the oldest entertainment establishments in Sotenbori, having opened prior to the Second
World War. This resulted in it being the most permanent and consistent fixture in Osaka’s nightlife
district—as such, very little had changed, physically, since Kiryu’s last visit in 2006.
Despite this, however, the air itself felt different as the group entered. A hostess in a crimson gown
bowed gracefully—“Welcome!”—and led them to their table on the second floor, a half-moon
booth overlooking the stage, where, quite unusually for this cabaret, there appeared to be an
American man getting ready to perform. He had dark skin with short dreads underneath a black hat
with the word “ATLANTA” emblazoned on the front, as well as a variety of tattoos crawling up his
neck. He conversed with a Japanese man, who also appeared to be a performer as their crew set up
a variety of electronic equipment, keyboards, drums, and such.
Kiryu watched the men set their performance up with interest. “Not the kind of entertainment I’m
used to seeing here,” he murmured. Glancing around, and seeing a lot of younger people seated
throughout the establishment, he added “Not the crowd I’d have expected either. The last time I
was here, the Grand’s clientele skewed older, stuffier, more professional. Suits, politicians, and
yakuza. This… This is the sort of crowd I’d have expected in a nightclub, or at a concert.”
“You don’t like it?” Hanawa asked.
Kiryu shrugged. “Actually, I… find it sort of refreshing. These people seem like… people. It’s
nice.” He nodded his head towards the performers. “Still, that guy on stage… Who’s he?
“I believe the Japanese man is Yojiro Noda,” Hanawa said quietly as he gestured to the Japanese
man, who said something that made the American laugh. “Frontman of RADWIMPS. He’s the
main act. Performing some new material tonight.”
“A record premiere in a cabaret?” Kiryu asked. “That hardly seems practical.”
“On the contrary, Kiryu… Half of the people here are here for the act.” Hanawa chuckled. “The
times are changing, and old farts like us… we’re being left behind.”
“That’s not always a bad thing,” Kiryu noted.
“No, it is not.”
“What about the American?” Kiryu asked.
Hanawa shook his head. “Not sure. I hear he’s very popular in the States recently though.”
“JID,” Taichi suddenly chimed in from behind them. “His name’s on a poster out front. He’s a
rapper.”
Kiryu glanced at Hanawa, then back at Taichi. “…You know him?”
Taichi shrugged. “Kind of? I don’t understand a word he says—my English sucks—but it’s catchy.
He’s all over the internet right now.”

Hanawa smirked and looked back at Kiryu. “There you go.”
Kiryu turned back to Taichi and raised an eyebrow. “Wait, what do you mean your English isn’t
good? Hasn’t Haruka been teaching you all?”
Taichi deadpanned. “Uncle Kaz. Haruka’s English will get her killed one day. It’s really bad.”
Kiryu blinked. “…But she learned from me.”
Taichi raised his eyebrows and made a face, causing Hanawa to laugh.
“Hah! Enough of that,” Hanawa said, waving for attention.
The hostess in the crimson gown from earlier returned, bowing gracefully. “Welcome again,” she
greeted. “My name is Miriko. I hope you enjoy the night!”
Hanawa gestured. “After you.” He and Kiryu slid into the booth.
Across from them, Taichi and Sugiura made room as another, slightly younger-looking hostess in a
glittering blue dress, approached. “My name is Saori,” she said with a bright smile as she sat beside
them. “Please, let me take care of you tonight.”
On the ground floor, the lights began to dim, and the American motioned to his sound crew. The
pianist nodded, and began strumming her keys, a surprisingly somber tune echoing through the
establishment. The engineer beside her tapped a pad and began pushing up on some sliders, and
haunting, chopped up hums of a female vocalist began to loop through the speakers above the
stage. This sample looped twice, before the drummer behind the headliners came in with a
surprisingly jazzy beat. The rapper approached his microphone stand and began to sing, in English,
“One man walking alone
Lost in a land running from home.
One chance righting the wrongs
No one understands him.”
The Japanese singer grabbed his own mic and cut in with the same cadence, same rhythm, same
story, but in his own tongue,
“Machi ka teiru kado
Kagami shirubeto.
Nantei takoro no
Sora wa toiu nai yo.”
The drummer switched the beat up as a snare loop kicked in through the speakers to compliment
his own work. The American rapper dove straight into his verse,
“You’re not the man ‘til you beat the master
You got the plan, then we get to action
I got the answers to what you’re askin’
But can you handle a hand-to-hand…”
The music filled the Grand as the rapper flowed effortlessly through his verse with an almost
mournful tone… and to Kiryu, it sounded strangely personal. One man walking alone, he repeated

to himself internally as he took in the song. A line so nonspecific and, frankly, so generic it could
refer to anybody, and yet… it felt targeted to Kiryu. Like this song was about him.
He glanced at his own reflection in a glass divider separating this booth from its unoccupied
neighbor, seemingly intentionally left empty, along with every second booth on this floor, to
facilitate the intimate vibes of each table. He stared into his own tired eyes. His eyes flitted to his
own graying hair, and he ran a hand through his stupid bowl cut that he had claimed was growing
on him. The truth was, he hated it. It wasn’t him. And as he looked back into his own eyes, he no
longer saw a dragon behind them. Just a tired, cowardly old man, trying to erase a past that shamed
him while burning everyone he loved along the way.
He unconsciously pushed his hair back. It more closely resembled his old haircut like this. He
wanted that back. He wanted to be himself again.
“Kiryu?” Hanawa said, interrupting his thoughts. “You okay?”
Kiryu slowly turned his head to Hanawa and dropped his hand, letting his hair fall back into the
bowl cut that, really, was growing on him. He nodded slowly. “Yeah. Just… listening.”
Hanawa tilted his head, a slight smirk adorning his lips. “Good.”
Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “Hm?”
Suddenly, Saori spoke up as she reached for a small touch screen device sitting in the center of the
table, taking Kiryu out of his moping. “Ahh, let’s get some drinks to go around, huh? I’m soooo
thirsty! Whadda y’all wanna order?”
Kiryu hadn’t even looked at the menu yet. “Ah… Well…”
“I’ll just get a Sapporo,” Taichi said as he stared at the menu with his hand over his chin. “Don’t
wanna get too crazy.”
Hanawa tilted his head, seeming almost offended. “Sapporo? For Christ’s sake, kid, you can get
that at a Poppo back home! Let yourself live a little!”
Taichi raised an eyebrow. “Huh? Oh, uh… I guess… a highball?”
Hanawa scoffed, shaking his head. “Tch. No, no, no, we’re not doing that. Hey, ignore that order.
Get Taichi here a bottle of Hibiki 21. In fact, make it two, so there’s enough to go around.”
Taichi’s eyes widened. “Huh?! But—!”
Saori clasped her hands together. “Ahh~! I love Hibiki! Thank you, Taichi-kun!”
Taichi shot Hanawa a look. “Hanawa-san, that’s, like, fifty thousand yen a bottle!”
Hanawa waved his concern away. “I’m paying. Don’t worry about it.”
Sugiura smirked and took a look at the tablet. “Well, if you’re buying… I’ll have… this one.”
Taichi’s eyes bugged out as he saw what Sugiura was pointing at. “Th-that’s two million!”
Sugiura shrugged. “He said he’s paying.”

Taichi shook his head. “But—!”
Hanawa cut him off. “Taichi. You’ve spent your whole life worrying about whether or not spending
your money on something fun is going to break the bank. Tonight? Don’t worry about it. Enjoy
yourself… on my dime.”
Kiryu crossed his arms and gave Hanawa a knowing look. “But it’s not exactly your dime, is it?”
Hanawa smirked. “Well. Not anymore. It’s Soma’s money, now.”
Taichi’s eyebrows shot up. “Oh, really? Well… that changes things a bit. Hey, let’s get one of those
champagne towers! You know, those fancy glass pyramids, where you pour the champagne at the
top and let it flow down?”
Hanawa motioned to Miriko and Saori with a raised hand. “You heard him. Give this kid the best
night of his life!”
Miriko nodded and stood up quickly. “Here. I’ll go get the bottles. Don’t go anywhere~!”
Eager to keep the conversation going, Saori turned to everyone, hands still clasped. “So, where are
y’all from? You don’t sound like you’re from around here.”
“I grew up in Tokyo,” Sugiura answered, arms crossed. “I’ve been living in Yokohama about two
years now, though. Got a detective agency out there. I’m here on… business.”
Saori’s eyes widened. “Ooh~! You’re all detectives? How exciting!”
“Actually, it’s just him,” Taichi chuckled. “I’m a firefighter, down in Okinawa.”
Saori’s jaw dropped. She was putting on an act, but frankly, Taichi didn’t care. “Ah, that sounds so
scary… but also heroic! You must be really brave!”
Taichi rubbed the back of his neck. “Ah, nah, I’m not brave. My old man, right there? He’s the real
hero.”
Saori turned to Kiryu, eyes practically sparkling. “And what do you do, mister?”
“Private security,” Kiryu lied smoothly, to which Hanawa nodded slightly. “We’re based out of
Kyoto, and I regularly take jobs in Tokyo, in Yokohama, and right here in Osaka, of course. It’s not
as exciting as you’d think. Still… I’ve seen my fair share of action.”
Miriko returned with an ice bucket containing two bottles of Hibiki 21 and a golden six liter bottle
of Armand de Brignac “Ace of Spades” Gold Brut, the expensive champagne that Sugiura had
pointed out. It came with a small card, which read:
The pinnacle of prestige champagne, Ace of Spades is produced by the Cattier family in the village
of Chigny-les-Roses, France. Each bottle is hand-polished, hand-labeled, and finished in real
pewter, encased in its signature gold metallic bottle. A blend of Pinot Noir, Chardonnay, and Pinot
Meunier from three distinct vintages, it is celebrated for its rich, creamy texture, layers of baked
fruit and brioche, and a finish as long as the night itself.
Sustainability is a core principle of the Cattier’s vineyard management. Their owned lands are
certified HVE level 3—the highest grading from the French government—acknowledging the level

of care they give to the environment to protect it for future generations. So while your drink tonight
might taste exotic and look excessive, know that you’ve chosen the wine with top marks in
sustainability.
Because in Sotenbori, excess isn’t a crime—it’s a lifestyle. And lifestyles should be guilt-free.
Taichi raised an eyebrow. “Rich people really take their booze seriously, huh?” he muttered.
Sugiura leaned back and crossed his arms behind his head. “I used to swipe wallets from the guys
who drank this stuff and give their cash out to the poor. Now I’m drinking it on their dime. Does
that make me a hypocrite?”
Taichi looked up from the card and at Sugiura, a puzzled look on his face. “…You did what now?”
The lights dimmed as two waiters rolled a cart into the booth’s orbit, crystal flutes stacked with
surgical precision, refracting the Grand’s golden chandeliers into a hundred points of light.
“Ladies and gentlemen!” Miriko announced, her voice cutting cleanly through the lounge chatter
and the music. “Compliments of our generous guests on the second floor!” A wave of murmurs and
polite applause rippled through the room.
Hanawa chuckled, adjusting his glasses. “Oh, don’t thank us.” He smirked at Kiryu. “Thank our
boss. In fact… for the next five minutes, to everyone in the Grand: your drinks are on our tab!”
The lounge suddenly exploded into applause as patrons scrambled to put in as many orders as they
could within that window. Waiters sprinted from table to table, taking orders and dodging each
other like bullets on a battlefield. The Grand was pure bedlam.
“And that…” Hanawa chuckled, “…is how you throw a party.”
Taichi watched the pandemonium in amazement, heard a bottle pop, then turned to the pyramid,
where a river of frothy, golden liquid overflowed from the top and made its way to the bottom, like
a two million yen waterfall. “Wow… you’re gonna be a legend here after tonight, Hanawa.”
Hanawa smirked as Miriko handed him and Kiryu the first two glasses. “This is the second time
you’ve blown through millions of yen in Daidoji money at a cabaret, isn’t it, Kiryu?”
Kiryu nodded with an amused look in his eyes as Saori gave two glasses to Taichi and Sugiura.
“Yeah. Right before the Dissolution.”
Taichi laughed. “Man… you gotta take me on these missions more often, Uncle Kaz!”
Kiryu frowned, his eyes flitting to Saori and Miriko as they took their glasses, after which the cart
was moved down to the next table. “…Taichi, you know very well that, after this mission is
over…”
Hanawa scoffed. “Kiryu. Do you really have to make it depressing? We’re supposed to be
forgetting all of that ugliness tonight. Forget what happens tomorrow. Enjoy yourself tonight.”
Taichi nodded. “I like his idea… for once.”
Kiryu turned to Hanawa. “Frankly, Hanawa, I’m surprised at you,” he said. “You’ve never been
like this.”

Hanawa frowned and leaned back in his seat. “And why shouldn’t I be for one night? Soma’s going
to make my life a living hell from tomorrow onward… honestly, I find it hard to give a shit about
the rules right now.” His sly smile returned. “So come on! Let’s forget our unpleasant business, for
just one night!” He held his glass up in the air, beckoning for the others to join him. “Come on! To
one night of freedom, before all hell breaks loose!”
Taichi and Sugiura raised their glasses, as did Saori and Miriko, and eventually, reluctantly, Kiryu.
As they clinked their glasses together, the women cheered, “Kanpai~!”
It took only ten minutes for Taichi to get tipsy, having had his champagne and, at this point, two
pours of the Hibiki. He was awkwardly chatting up Saori, while Sugiura, even more amusingly,
seemed to get quieter the more he drank, the only indication that something was amiss being his
slowly reddening face.
Taichi was mid-story while Saori listened intently. “So then, and you’re not gonna believe this, that
yakuza tells us that his name… is also Taichi Suzuki, and he’s mad ‘cuz my old man is going
around using his name.”
Saori clapped her hands together. “Oh, that’s so funny! But I bet he was really scary.”
Taichi shook his head. “Nah. Long as he’s here, nothing’s scary. Uncle Kaz is like… my hero.”
Kiryu let out a small, amused breath. “Heh… Taichi… you’re brave on your own…” he muttered
under his breath. “Don’t sell yourself short.”
Hanawa leaned in, his voice low. “Hey. Kiryu. You have a second?”
Kiryu glanced at Taichi, who continued to laugh with the hostesses. “Yeah. Is this about the
mission?”
Hanawa tilted his head, reaching into his jacket for a folder. “Sort of. I looked into that photograph
you sent me.” He put the folder on the table. “You’re gonna want to see this.”
“You found Haruka’s sister?” Kiryu asked.
A grim look came over Hanawa’s face, but he nodded. “...Yeah. But that’s the only good news I
have.”
Kiryu’s jaw tightened. “...Alright. What do you have?”
Hanawa flipped the folder open. On the inside sleeve was the photo that Kiryu had sent Hanawa, of
Kyohei Jingu posing with Takeharu Kirijo and his daughter Mitsuru Kirijo, along with Jingu’s wife,
and Jingu’s daughter; Haruka’s sister. Hanawa began pointing at the figures in the photo as he
named them. “For starters, you know these people. Kyohei Jingu, Takeharu Kirijo, Mitsuru Kirijo.
Officially, aside from the Kirijo girl, everyone in this photograph is dead. That includes Jingu’s
wife, whose real name, I’ve discovered, was Lin Meiling. Suicide. Apparently, she had been in debt
to a loan shark with ties to the Tojo Clan.”
Kiryu’s heart sank. “Debt?”
Hanawa nodded. “After Jingu passed, and after his political legacy had been destroyed by the
ensuing scandal, his family fell deep into poverty. They were forced into tenements in Little Asia.

The first fire in 2015 destroyed their home, and Meiling borrowed obscene amounts just to keep
herself and her daughter alive; this debt was overwhelming, and she took her own life. When Little
Asia was rebuilt, the girl began working in a restaurant owned by the Saio Triad, taking residence
in a small one-room flat above.”
Kiryu’s eyes flitted to the girl. “...And what happened to her?”
Hanawa’s face fell. “...According to records, she perished in the fire of 2016.”
Kiryu let out a long sigh. “So that’s it, then. A dead end. Haruka’s only blood family is gone. Has
been for years.”
Hanawa shook his head. “Not quite. Something about this girl caught my interest. Her given name,
as it turns out, was Chihiro. Quite the coincidence, wouldn’t you say, Kiryu?”
Kiryu’s eyes narrowed slightly. “...But you don’t believe in coincidences, do you?”
Hanawa shook his head. “No, I do not. So I looked into it a bit deeper.” He flipped to another page,
which contained, among other documents, a death certificate. “After the fire, Chihiro’s body was
identified via dental records. Except… the clinic that certified those records… doesn’t exist, and
never has. The address given belongs to an empty lot in Ueno, and the doctor who signed off on
this, to my knowledge, doesn’t exist. The signature’s bogus, and there’s no medical license on file.
“That’s where this story should have ended,” Hanawa said, before then flipping to yet another page.
“…On paper. Let’s fast forward a few years… November, 2019. I’m kidnapped in Ijincho and
dragged to Osaka by the Omi Alliance, hoping to draw you out of hiding. Disobeying Faction
orders, you came looking for me. Dumb move, even for you.”
Kiryu snorted. “Yes, I suppose I should have just left you to die at the Omi’s hands.”
“You should have, but you didn’t, and now here we are.” Hanawa chuckled darkly. “In any case,
you were not the only recent arrival in Sotenbori. Around the same time, a woman going by the
name of Chihiro Watanabe arrived, having drifted around Japan after faking her death in a fire.”
A flicker of realization reached Kiryu’s eyes. “…Wait. Hanawa. Are you saying…?”
Continuing with the story, Hanawa said “She gained a reputation among the city’s homeless as a
competent fighter, and eventually she was recruited as part of the Akame Network. In 2021, while
you were on leave, I checked in with Akame and became acquainted with Chihiro. She was 21
years old, same age that Jingu's daughter would have been, if she were still alive. Seeing value in a
bilingual asset with ties to homeless communities around Honshu, I recruited her into the Faction.
Trained her. Made her my personal project.” He sighed. “And in my eagerness to potentially gain
leverage in the faction, with both the Dragon of Dojima and the next generation of fighters at my
side… I failed to perform the most basic of background checks.”
Hanawa shook his head and threw back his entire whiskey in one gulp, then sighed. “Given
everything I know now, I can conclude with near-certainty… that Chihiro Watanabe and Chihiro
Jingu… are the same person. The woman who betrayed us, who tried to kill Haruka Sawamura,
who the Faction wants dead… is Haruka’s half-sister. I suspect Haruka’s already deduced this
herself, if Chihiro hasn’t told her outright.”

“So, if you want to know who to blame for this awful chain of events… It’s me,” Hanawa
concluded, leaning back in his seat. “…I’m sorry, Kiryu.”
Kiryu looked into his glass contemplatively. Chihiro Watanabe… is Haruka’s sister. To Kiryu, this
seemed too cruel a twist of fate.
“It’s a shame, too…” Hanawa chuckled. “Because she’s the only blood family Haruka has… and
now we have to kill her, or serve her up to Soma so he can.”
Kiryu’s grip on his glass tightened. “…That isn’t happening.”
Hanawa smirked, clearly getting the reaction he wanted. “…Oh? And what makes you think that?
You don’t intend to… disobey orders, do you?”
Kiryu grunted. He knew he couldn’t disobey orders. At the same time… “I can’t just… do nothing.
But... I can't interfere, either. ”
Hanawa shrugged. “That’s exactly right. Especially with Soma in charge. Had I still been running
this operation, I could have made her disappear without killing her, easily. But alas, the Faction has
put the new blood in charge.”
He leaned in, his smirk growing. “Of course, his newness to the organization means… he’s under
much greater scrutiny.”
Kiryu looked up from his glass. “…Huh?”
“I mean, how do we even know that he’s… fit for the job?” Hanawa shrugged again. “Somebody
up top has gotta be worried about his ability to… keep certain assets leashed.”
Kiryu’s eyes narrowed. “What are you getting at?”
Hanawa shook his head. “I’m merely wondering aloud. It’s important after all that Soma
demonstrate control. Authority. I do worry that he may be in over his head.” He poured himself
another drink and took a sip. “I always knew how to keep you in line. We had… an understanding.
Mutual trust. Respect. Things Soma has yet to earn.
“But, that shouldn’t be a problem. I mean, I know you wouldn’t do anything to make our new boss
look bad. But imagine if, hypothetically, mere hours after he was put in charge… you did
something inadvisable. Something you never would’ve done under my watch.” He smirked again.
“Something like… contacting Haruka Sawamura directly. That would reflect very, very poorly on
him. Don’t you think?”
Kiryu’s eyes narrowed further as he tried to make sense of what Hanawa was apparently
encouraging him to do. Hanawa, for his part, simply kept smirking, with this look in his eyes that
said everything at once and nothing at all.
Suddenly, Kiryu’s mind flashed back, to when he first met Haruka, hiding, shaking in Bacchus,
desperately clutching a handgun bigger than her head that she had no idea how to use amidst a sea
of bodies, something no nine year old should ever have to see. He recalled key moments in his life
with her, her by his side at Nishiki, Yumi, and Kazama’s graves, her walking the beach at sunset in
that sunhat she adored. He remembered seeing her up on that stage, telling the whole world about
her kind and strong father, who just happened to also be yakuza.

“To me… Kazuma Kiryu is family.”
He saw her in that hospital bed after she woke from her coma, holding Haruto.
He saw her trying to teach Haruto how to walk.
And he saw himself in that same moment, turning his back on them.
Trying to disappear.
Trying to protect her by giving up his name, his freedom, and his life.
And it wasn't working.
He clenched his fists, set his glass down, and stood up. Taichi snapped out of his laughter and took
note. “Huh? Uncle Kaz, where are you going?”
Kiryu didn’t turn. He simply paused, saying “I just need some fresh air. I’ll be right back, Taichi.”
And then, without looking back, he marched steadfastly out of the venue… all while Hanawa
looked very pleased.
“I wonder what’s got him all worked up…” he said slyly.

Chapter 76: The Dragon of Dojima
Kiryu stepped out into the cold night air, adjusting his sleeves as he marched out, before stuffing
his hands into his pockets. He wasn’t exactly sure what he intended to do, and indeed, he hesitated
almost immediately, stopping in his tracks. “…Tch. What am I even doing?” He reached into his
back pocket for a cigarette and a lighter, but he couldn’t feel the box. “…Shit. Did I leave them
inside…?”
As he felt around for his pack of cigarettes, four punks stepped out into the street, hands in their
pockets, cigarette dangling from the leader’s lips. “Hey, old man,” the leader sneered. “You sure
know how to flash your wealth around. Droppin’ all that cash in the Grand like that… You know
you gotta pay tax on that, right?”
Kiryu exhaled slowly through his nostrils, a pale cloud of breath escaping into the cold. “I’m really
not in the mood for this,” he grumbled, clenching his fists.
The lead punk chuckled. “Heh. Don’t recall askin’. Hand over your wallet.”
“Are we really doing this right now?” Kiryu asked. “Get lost.”
The punk was incensed over the disrespect. “Huh? You say somethin’ grandpa?” he asked as he
stomped over to Kiryu. “You got crap in your ears? Let me spell it out for ya… either drop your
wallet, or we’ll drop y—!”
The rest never came out. Kiryu’s hand shot out, clamping around the punk’s throat like a vice. He
lifted him up and off the ground; the punk’s feet dangled above the pavement.
“I said… I don’t have time for this,” Kiryu said in a low, dangerous voice.
One of the kid’s friends yelled out, “Bastard!” and pulled out a knife, running at Kiryu and slashing
at his arm, cutting the sleeve at his bicep.
Unhurt, Kiryu yelled out as he swung the punk in his grip around, knocking the attacker over. He
let go as the knife user fell over, dropping both punks onto the ground in a heap, just in time for a
third punk to run at him with a raised fist. Kiryu quickly turned around and grabbed the punk’s fist;
the punk’s eyes widened, and he started to panic. “Huh?! H-hey—!”
Kiryu simply twisted his arm, causing the punk to yell out in pain, then let go and kicked him
forcefully, sending him flying across the road, out cold. He then turned to the fourth punk - the
youngest - who gasped, backed up, and fell on his ass. The most frightening thing about Kiryu in
this moment is that he wasn’t glaring; actually, he looked bored. “Scram,” he growled.
The punk nodded furiously, then quickly fell forward onto his hands and knees. “S-sorry! Thank
you!” He stood up and sprinted away, breath heavy.
Kiryu sighed. “Dumb kids…” he muttered. It was only at this point that he noticed that the knifewielding punk had ruined his shirt, his left sleeve hanging loosely from only a few threads, his
shoulder bleeding slightly from the scratch. “Tch… dammit…” he grunted as he tore the loose
sleeve from the thread, fully exposing his left arm, his Grand Seiko watch reflecting a silver glint

from the streetlight, a soft but consistent mechanical click emanating from it. “Guess I’ll need a
new shirt before I do anything else. Should be a place nearby.”
His eyes scanned the street, and sure enough, there was a boutique only a few feet away. “They
should have what I need…” he muttered to himself as he read the sign. His eyes flitted down to the
display window, and he let out a soft gasp.
Displayed proudly on a mannequin in the window was a rather peculiar outfit. A relic, almost, from
a bygone era. Illuminated by a golden light was a gray suit, a maroon shirt, and white snakeskin
loafers.
Rolling eyes fall…
Kiryu eyed the outfit, his eyes widening, then softening.
Ruling dies out…
He looked down at his current outfit. It was functional and low key, but that was it. He looked back
up it’s the outfit in the window, and smirked. “Hmph. Maybe it’s time I change styles…” he said to
himself as he walked towards the door.
He stepped through the threshold, where he was immediately greeted by an elderly tailor.
“Welcome, sir. Oh, my, what happened to you?” he asked, gesturing to Kiryu’s torn shirt.
Kiryu chuckled. “Heh… Let’s just say there was a bit of an incident. As you can see, I’m in the
market for a new outfit.”
The old tailor nodded, his eyes crinkling as he smiled. “Of course, sir! Are you looking for
anything in particular?”
Kiryu glanced at the display. “Actually, I wanted to ask you about that suit in the window.”
The tailor tilted his head. “Oh, that old thing? I’ve been trying to get rid of it for months. A suit like
that, it’s… simply not in style anymore. I can show you something a bit trendier, if you like!”
Kiryu shook his head. “No, I think I’ll take that one.”
The tailor seemed surprised. “Eh? Are you sure?”
Kiryu nodded. “Quite sure.”
Reaching for a length of measuring tape, the tailor nodded. “Alright, well, let me just get your
measurements, and I can have it fitted for you. Still, I have to ask… are you really sure you want it?
Because I have plenty of smarter, slimmer suits in stock as well.”
Kiryu chuckled again. “Heh. No, I think I’m set on that suit.”
The tailor walked over to Kiryu and began measuring.
***
Moments later, Kiryu stood in a dressing room, staring at his reflection in the mirror. He had
donned the pants and the loafers, but had yet to put the top on; instead, he stood shirtless in the

room, his rippled muscles, a result of literal decades of fighting, staring back at him. The skin
beneath his irezumi rose in goosebumps, as if the cold air was getting to the dragon; his back
begged for him to cover up.
Still… If he put it on, he felt, it would be like crossing a line he couldn’t come back from. It would
be exhuming a man he buried, reclaiming something he had cast aside years ago. And he wasn’t
sure if he was ready, or if he deserved, to reclaim it.
Eventually, though, he made a decision. He threw the maroon shirt on, buttoning it up only
halfway. He then gracefully slipped into the suit jacket, which fit perfectly. Running both of his
hands through his graying hair, he slicked it back, a style he was much more comfortable with.
Finally, he popped the collar on the shirt.
He stepped out of the dressing room. The tailor looked up, his eyes widening. “My word…” he
breathed. “It’s like it was made for you.”
Kiryu smirked only slightly as he glanced at himself again in a wall mirror. “You think so?” he
asked. “…Hmph. Maybe so.” He then turned back to the tailor and reached into his pocket. “How
much do I owe you?”
The tailor shook his head, smiling. “Nothing at all, sir. That suit’s been gathering dust for years. As
I said, you fit it so perfectly, it’s almost as though it’s been waiting for you.”
Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “Are you sure?”
“Quite sure, sir! Please, take it!”
Kiryu smiled, and bowed his head gracefully. “Thank you. I’ll take good care of it.” He turned to
the door, grabbing the knob, when the tailor spoke up again.
“Just one thing… Can I get your name?” he asked. “I’d like to know the name of the man who my
suit was made for.”
Kiryu paused, his hand tightening on the knob. Glancing over his shoulder, he replied “It’s Kiryu.
Kazuma Kiryu.”
The tailor nodded. “Thank you, Kiryu-han. You take good care of that suit now, you hear?”
“I will. Thank you.”
With that, Kiryu stepped out into the cold December night, feeling more alive than he had in years,
and now he knew what he had to do.
He marched, more intently than ever, eastward on Sotenbori Street, hoping to find what he was
looking for in Akame’s hideout. Passerby mostly did not care about him, though some did turn and
whisper.
“Who’s that?”
“Now that’s a man on a mission.”
“You think he might be yakuza?”

The whispers didn’t bother him. In fact, they were actually sort of comforting. He’d spent so long
existing in the shadows that the whispers were yet another reminder that he was still alive, and not
just a ghost walking this earth, doomed to bear the weight of his sins for all eternity.
Kiryu paused. From the crowd of people in front of him emerged two figures. One of them,
strolling casually, hands in his pockets, was Takayuki Yagami, who had been bugging Kiryu since
he arrived in Sotenbori the other night. Standing next to him, cracking his knuckles, was Masaharu
Kaito, a man Kiryu met years earlier just prior to the Dissolution.
By this point, Kiryu was aware that both men had been aiding Haruka in her own journey, but as he
scanned the crowd, he could not find Haruka, nor could he see Kasuga. That meant these two were
alone… which meant they had a score to settle.
“Yo,” Kaito said, smirking. “Look who it is, Tak. My old pal Joryu. Long time no see.” Kiryu
didn’t respond. He simply stared. “Nice new threads,” Kaito continued, crossing his arms. “They
remind me of someone… You know, back when I was in the Tojo, there was this legendary yakuza.
Never met him, but he had been, briefly, the fourth chairman. Kazuma Kiryu. They say he wore a
suit just like that.”
Kiryu crossed his arms and scoffed. “Is there a point to all of this? I’m in a hurry.”
“That’s who you are, isn’t it?” Yagami asked. “Kazuma Kiryu.”
“The Dragon of Dojima,” Kaito added, his grin wide, but his eyes dangerous. “Never thought I’d
get to meet a legend like you. I only wish that it had been under better circumstances.”
Yagami‘s eyes narrowed. “So what’s your game?” he asked. “You’ve been prowling all around
town, hiding in the shadows, while the people who deserve answers from you fight battles they
shouldn’t have to fight.”
“And I suppose you think you’re one of those people?” Kiryu asked.
“Haruka Sawamura,” Yagami responded, his voice lowering, “has been dragged into a conspiracy
that shouldn’t have touched her. How can you just stand on the sidelines, doing nothing while she
thinks you’re dead and buried? You picked a really bad time to come out of hiding, Kiryu. Because
now we’re going to make sure you face her, even if we have to drag you kicking and screaming.”
Kiryu furrowed his brow. “You’re both idiots,” he said flatly, exhaling through his nose.
Kaito’s grin dropped. “The hell’d you say?! And where’s Sugiura?! We have words for that jackass,
too!”
Kiryu adjusted his sleeves. “I really don’t have time to explain myself to you two. So if you could
step aside, I would appreciate that.”
“Not a chance,” Yagami growled, lowering into his Crane stance. “Haruka-chan is owed answers,
and we’re going to get them for her!”
Kaito similarly got into his Bruiser stance. “I owe my life to that girl. Without her, I’d be rottin’ in
a cell right now for a crime I didn’t commit. And I promised her I’d see to it that she could get back
to her life in Okinawa in peace. No regrets, no questions, no conflict. And right now… you’re one
of the last guys standing in the way of me keepin’ my promise.”

As Kiryu stared these men down, he became acutely aware of the crowd that was beginning to form
around them, onlookers whispering to each other.
“What’s going on?”
“Are they about to fight?”
“Shit, my phone’s outta battery… Someone film this!”
Kiryu smirked. “Hmph. You know… You’re not wrong. I’ve failed to protect people important to
me, over and over again. Maybe I’ve been sleepwalking for too long. But unluckily for you, I seem
to be a bit more awake now. Which means… pushing past you and walking away isn’t an option.
We’re not enemies; not even close. But right now, your assumptions are putting you between me
and what matters most to me. And I don’t have the time, nor do I have the desire, to explain myself
to you.” He raised his right first to his chin, while leaving his left clenched at his hip, and
straightened his stance. “I’m getting past you, one way or another. So if you want to die… then step
up!”
Kaito grinned once more. “Heh. Hell yeah. Let’s do this, Tak!”
Yagami sprinted towards Kiryu, eyes burning. Kaito followed close behind. “KIRYUUUUU!”
Yagami yelled as he threw his right foot up at Kiryu’s face, while Kaito threw a kick to his left.
Kiryu simply raised his arms, catching both kicks effortlessly.
TAKAYUKI YAGAMI & MASAHARU KAITO
Yagami Detective Agency

Chapter 77: Receive You The Unwavering
As Kiryu beat back Yagami and Kaito’s kicks, their legs crashing against his forearms like steel
against steel, something stirred within him.
It wasn’t anger.
It wasn’t pride.
It was clarity.
It was a REVELATION.
If the Dragon was making a comeback, then so too must his fighting style be reborn. By combining
the grit of a brawler, the speed and precision of a boxer, the raw, terrifying strength of the beast
within, and the controlled brutality of an agent, as well as some old moves from his youth, Kiryu
believed he could finally perfect the ultimate, final form of all of his fighting styles—Dragon of
Dojima: Kiwami. He switched into this fighting style, his stance identical to his Yakuza style, and
exhaled.
“Let’s end this quickly,” he said, more to himself than to them.
Kaito lunged at him with a wild right hook; Kiryu sidestepped this and countered with a hook to his
ribs, then followed up with a roundhouse kick to the face. Gathering all of his strength, he then
charged up a wide right hook, a wide left hook, and a left back fist into a right overhead swing,
which bounced Kaito off of the ground, briefly suspending him in the air. He finished the combo
with a right hook, a left mid kick, and a right wheel kick that sent Kaito sprawling to the ground.
Kaito got up quickly, spitting blood out as he regained his footing. “Damn… You’re good,” he said,
still grinning. “But do ya got the stamina, old man?”
Kiryu heard Yagami yell out. He turned a bit too late and caught a double front kick to the face.
Yagami followed up with a low right kick, a mid left kick, a backwards right kick, and a spinning
roundhouse kick, followed by a right roundhouse kick, a left reverse hook kick, and a flip kick,
which launched Kiryu into the air. Yagami then switched into his Tiger stance and continued the
combo with a low left palm, a right palm, a right horse kick, and a right axe kick, which flipped
Kiryu and bounced him off the ground.
Once Kiryu hit the ground, he was quick to retaliate, regaining his footing with a sweeping low
kick that knocked Yagami off his feet. Once Yagami hit the ground, Kiryu channeled his Heat
energy and kicked, hard, at Yagami’s chest, lifting him off the ground and sending him airborne.
Kaito threw a hard push kick at Kiryu’s back, and this was met in kind, with Kiryu dropping to his
hands and kicking his right leg out, catching Kaito in the stomach, folding the ex-yakuza over as all
of the breath left his lungs. Kiryu stood back up and grabbed Kaito by the collar, then pulled him
close, headlocked him, and spun him around, letting go mid spin and sending him flying into a
vending machine. Cans of BOSS Coffee poured out of it upon impact, the canned drinks rolling out
onto the ground.

Yagami yelled out again and ran at Kiryu; the Dragon quickly spun on his heel, dropped low, and
delivered a perfectly timed Tiger Drop, sending Yagami reeling backwards. Not one to be deterred,
Yagami retaliated by running at Kiryu and jumping over his head; he then locked his legs around
Kiryu’s neck and used the dragon’s weight against him, pulling him down and releasing just in time
to avoid smashing into the pavement with him. Kiryu recovered quickly by shooting a leg upwards,
launching Yagami. He rolled backward and stood up, while Yagami arced backwards and landed
painfully on his face.
Kaito ran over to help Yagami up. “Alright, that’s it,” he grumbled. “Enough with the solo crap.
I’m right behind ya, Tak.”
Yagami nodded, and darted towards Kiryu, assailing him with a series of high and low kicks,
though Kiryu was able to maneuver around all of them. Dodge, block, redirect, carry—he realized
too late that this was all meant to open him up for Kaito, who came running in like a ram. Yagami
ducked out of the way just in time for Kaito to hit Kiryu with a running tackle to the ribs.
Kiryu’s loafers screeched on the asphalt as he slid backwards several meters, steam coming from
the trail; he broke free of the grapple with a quick elbow to Kaito’s shoulder, but Yagami was
already on him with a quick sweep to the Dragon’s legs. Kiryu caught himself mid-fall, planting a
hand and rolling onto his feet. The second he did, however, Kaito’s right hook crashed into his jaw.
Kiryu stumbled, spitting a thick glob of blood into his hand. But he didn’t frown. Instead, he
smirked once more. “And I was worried this would be too easy,” he muttered. He surged forward,
catching a punch from Kaito and retaliating with a sharp knee to the stomach. He then spun and
hurled the man into Yagami. Both hit the ground hard, but were up in seconds, their resolve
unwavering.
Yagami sprinted at Kiryu, dodged two hooks, and delivered a clean back kick to his ribs, while
Kaito grabbed him from behind, locking his arms.
“Gotcha now!” Kaito exclaimed, though his grin dissolved as Kiryu twisted, digging his heels into
the pavement. In one fluid motion, he sent Kaito sailing over his shoulder and back into Yagami.
They both crashed into a parked car, setting off its alarm, which buzzed and beeped loudly.
Evidently, the car’s owner was in the crowd, as the alarm was disabled just a moment later with a
sharp beep.
The three stood apart for a moment, their breaths heavy, the crowd watching in anticipation…
…Including Taichi and Sugiura, who had left the Grand by this point and were simply leaning
against a wall, watching. Sugiura grabbed a BOSS coffee from the ground and cracked it open, then
handed another one to Taichi. “So. Who’s your money on?” he asked.
Taichi grinned. “Uncle Kaz. Obviously. You?”
Sugiura shrugged. “I feel like I’d be kind of a bad friend if I DIDN’T root for Yagami and Kaito…
On the other hand, Kiryu-san’s kind of whooping their asses.”
Kasuga slowly approached the duo, his eyebrow raised as Kiryu, Yagami, and Kaito continued to
trade blows. “…The hell’s going on here?”
Sugiura shrugged. “Beats me. We just got here.”

Yagami charged again, launching a high spinning midair kick, while Kaito dove underneath him,
sliding into Kiryu’s legs. Kiryu dodged the high kick, jumped over the low kick, and roundhoused
Yagami out of the air.
Taichi glanced at Kasuga. “…Isn’t Haruka supposed to be with you?” he asked.
Kasuga rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly. “I got sort of sidetracked. We’re goin’ after
Chihiro-chan, y’see, but I had something I needed to take care of.”
Taichi’s eyes widened. “Chihiro?”
Kasuga nodded, a serious look in his eyes. “Yeah. We learned some pretty heavy stuff about her,
outside the Kirijo warehouse.” He winced as Kiryu socked Yagami right in the eye, but didn’t lose
track of his thoughts. “Haruka and her fought, and at the end of it, it was like… Chihiro just lost the
will to go on. We think she’s walkin’ into her death.”
Taichi turned to Kasuga, a determined look in his eyes. “Well we gotta save her!”
Kasuga nodded. “That’s exactly what we intend to do. We both needed to make sure we were
prepared, though, so we said we’d meet up back here and take a cab to the Omi headquarters.”
Taichi raised an eyebrow, then glanced at the ongoing fight between Kiryu and the detectives. “…
Like… right here right here?”
Kasuga tilted his head. “…Yeah?”
“When? Right now?”
Kasuga furrowed his brow. “Yes? What’s the prob—” His eyes widened, and he too stared at
Kiryu’s fight. “Oh, shit. Kiryu-san!”
Kaito ran at Kiryu and jumped into a dropkick; Kiryu grabbed him by the feet and swung him
around, sending him into the wall beside Sugiura, Taichi, and Kasuga. He groaned in pain and
rolled onto his side, unable to get back up. “Agh, shit…” He glanced up at Sugiura, quinting
through the concussion. “Hey man.”
Sugiura sipped his coffee. “…Hey.”
Kiryu then slowly turned to Yagami, and marched menacingly toward him, his glare hardening.
Yagami took a step back.
“Crap…” he muttered.
Kiryu clenched his fists as his mind drifted to his past adversaries. He raised his right fist, the kirin
irezumi of Yoshitaka Mine becoming visible in his mind’s eye as he drove his fist straight into
Yagami’s jaw. He then lowered his stance, channeling the ambitious golden dragon that belonged to
Ryuji Goda, and uppercutted Yagami into the air. Finally, with all the determination of the koi,
fighting to climb that waterfall, thoughts of Akira Nishikiyama, his sworn brother, entered his
mind, and he roundhouse kicked Yagami in the face.
The detective hit the ground hard. Silence followed, broken only by Kiryu’s steady breathing. He
stood there, his back to his groaning adversary, shoulders sagging, exhaling deeply.

The crowd held their breath. And then… “Aw, man. It’s over.”
Their entertainment ended, the crowd quickly dispersed, leaving only Kiryu and the pained bodies
of Yagami and Kaito in the street, as well as Sugiura, Taichi, and Kasuga as spectators.
He then straightened up, and straightened out his suit. “Thanks,” he said, his voice low but his tone
genuine. “Been a long time since I had a fight that pushed me like that.” He allowed himself a
smirk. “Of course, a close loss is still a loss. Better luck next time.”
He turned and started his way back down Sotenbori Street. “Now if you’ll excuse me… I have
somewhere to be.” He glanced down at Yagami as he stepped politely over his aching body. “See
you… detective. Heh.” He looked back up at the street.
His eyes widened, and he let out a soft gasp.
Haruka Sawamura stood on the other end of the street, staring at him, her mouth slightly agape.
Kasuga’s eyes widened, then softened. “Ah… Haruka-chan…”
Haruka glanced at Kasuga. She then saw Taichi, tilted her head, and glared. Taichi shrank.
“Hehe,” he chuckled nervously. “Uh… h-hey, Haruka… Ah, I’m in trouble.”
Haruka shook her head and rolled her eyes slightly, and directed her gaze back to Kiryu. Taking a
deep breath, she started walking towards him.
Kiryu took a step back, then stopped. He clenched his fists and closed his eyes. No… Not this time.
I’m not running this time. He reopened his eyes, by which point Haruka was right up in his face.
“Haruk—” was all he managed to get out before his head snapped to the side, his cheek stinging
with pain as she slapped him as hard as she could. Everyone gasped.
“Haruka-chan…!” Kasuga sputtered.
Sighing, Kiryu slowly turned his head back to face her.
And then he saw the tears streaming down her face.

Chapter 78: Burn Like A Dragon
Kiryu took a step back, then stopped. He clenched his fists and closed his eyes. No… Not this time.
I’m not running this time. He reopened his eyes, by which point Haruka was right up in his face.
“Haruk—” was all he managed to get out before his head snapped to the side, his cheek stinging
with pain as she slapped him as hard as she could. Everyone gasped.
“Haruka-chan…!” Kasuga sputtered.
Sighing, Kiryu slowly turned his head back to face her, his hand rising up to his reddening cheek.
And then he saw the tears streaming down her face. “You… bastard!” she sobbed.
He exhaled through his nose. “Haruka…”
“Don’t!” she gasped through her tears. Rage and heartbreak burned in her eyes. “Don’t… you dare.
Do you have any idea… any idea at all… what these past six years have been like?!” Her breath
shuddered as everyone—Kasuga, Taichi, Sugiura, and even Yagami and Kaito as they painfully
pulled themselves up—watched in stunned silence as Haruka laid into the Dragon of Dojima, a feat
no man alive would even consider attempting.
“For six years, we thought you were gone,” she continued. “We buried you. Mourned you. Haruto
grew up never even knowing the grandfather he owed his life to!”
“Haruka…” Kiryu said, trying to find the words. “I didn’t… It wasn’t…”
Another voice cut in. “Yo, Kiryu-san.” Kiryu turned to Kasuga, who spoke with a serious but
empathetic look in his eyes. “With all due respect… maybe just let her talk, yeah? After everything
she’s been through, not just these past couple of weeks, but the last six years, too… I think she’s
earned that much.”
Kiryu stared at Kasuga for a moment, and, as was often the case when Kiryu went quiet, Kasuga
briefly thought he had overstepped.
Kiryu nodded a moment later, much to Kasuga’s surprise. “You’re right, Kasuga. Thank you.”
Kasuga blinked. “…I am?”
Slowly, Kiryu turned back to Haruka. “Go ahead,” he muttered.
Haruka wiped tears from her eyes and continued. “Since I was twenty, I had to pretend I was
stronger than I was just so that I could keep things together for my family. Nearly every day, every
problem that I faced, I asked myself, ‘what would Uncle Kaz do’?” She laughed humorlessly,
wiping away more tears. “And I could guess. They were pretty good guesses, I’m sure. But I could
never know. Because you weren’t there. The only man I could call my father wasn’t there. And
after Yuta passed… I was all alone.
“And now I find out, the man who should have been guiding me, who could have helped me do
right by my family… was lurking in the shadows all along. I grieved a man who… what? Didn’t
want us anymore?”

Kiryu, though silent up to this point, refused to let that stand. He straightened, and his eyes
hardened. “That’s not what it was,” he insisted. “No matter what you think of me now… No matter
how many mistakes I’ve made… they were my mistakes. And none of them were on you.”
“Then what was it, Uncle Kaz?” Haruka asked, her tone sharpening. “Why did you abandon us?!”
Kasuga glanced between Haruka and Kiryu, his brow furrowing. “Listen, Haruka-chan—!”
“This is my fight, Kasuga,” Kiryu cut him off. “Please, let me fight it.”
Kasuga looked at Kiryu, then nodded. “Mm. Right. Sorry…”
Turning back to Haruka, Kiryu took a deep breath. He glanced around the now empty street. “In
Onomichi… when I took that shot for you and Haruto and Yuta… There wasn’t any sort of plan
there. I was ready to die protecting you. That’s the truth. Things… spiraled after.
“That year, I… learned some things. Things the government would rather keep a secret.” His mind
flashed back to the so-called “Secret of Onomichi”, a battleship known as the Yamato Mark II, a
colossal battleship that was intended to turn the tide of war, until Japan surrendered to the Allies
before the ship’s completion. Having embezzled large amounts of funds to construct the battleship,
the commissioner, Minoru Daidoji of the wealthy and militarist Daidoji family, ordered the ship be
hidden in Hiroshima. The ship remained hidden for decades, until Kiryu inadvertently blew the
whole thing wide open, much to the chagrin of Daidoji’s political operatives.
“When I awoke in the hospital, I was met by a government man,” Kiryu continued, deciding the
actual details were unimportant. “He wanted me to forget everything I had seen. And he was
prepared to pay me a large sum of money, just for me to keep my mouth shut.” He scoffed. “I didn’t
want their money, but just to make the ordeal go away, I very nearly took the bribe.
“Then I thought of something,” he said, turning contemplative. “I thought of all the times that you
and the other orphans, each of whom I loved as if they were my own flesh and blood, were put in
danger because of me.” He glanced at Taichi as well. “The mistakes I made in the past had
constantly come back to bite you all. Even if it wasn't one of my enemies coming for you… the
shame of being raised by a yakuza would continue to haunt you for years to come. That is, of
course, unless that yakuza… disappeared.”
He sighed. “So I did something that seemed like a good idea at the time. I decided to die, to protect
all of you. I asked the suits to bribe the hospital, and forge my death certificate. In addition, I asked
them to ensure that you all were protected. Fed. Clothed. Hundreds of thousands of yen were to
enter your account each month, washed through about a dozen fronts, to make sure everything you
needed was paid for. And more importantly, with me gone, nobody would ever try to get you in
order to hurt me.
“In return, I would become their agent, and do all of their bidding. A life of servitude for a
government I hated. All because I knew… you all would be far, far better off without me.”
“That wasn’t for you to decide!” Haruka shot back. “Do you think that’s what any of us wanted?
For you to… disappear?!”
Kiryu’s eyes flitted downward. “…Eventually, once the consequences of being raised by me
became apparent… you would have.”

“You’re wrong,” Haruka argued. “Nothing would have made us want that. All we wanted was to be
a family. So what if the world hated us for it? As long as we had each other, it wouldn’t have
mattered!” She balled her fists. “And besides… Do you think any of it turned out like you
thought?” She gestured around, as if pointing to the mess they were all in. “We wound up in danger
again anyway.”
Taichi rubbed the back of his neck and stepped forward. “Listen, Haruka… it’s okay to be mad at
him. I was too! But maybe we just need to calm down, and…”
Haruka turned on her heel, now glaring at Taichi. “And you!”
Taichi took a step back. “Huh? Me?!”
She put her hands on her hips. “Just what the hell are you doing here?!”
“I’m looking for Haruto, same as you!”
Haruka huffed. “You left the orphanage without saying anything to anyone?! Do you know what
could have happened to you?! You could’ve been killed!”
Sugiura smirked, crossing his arms. “Hey, she’s got you there, Taichi,” he chuckled. “You almost
got ventilated by that Kirijo robot, remember?”
Taichi shot him a glare. “Dude!”
Haruka’s eyes widened. “Are you serious?! Taichi, what were you thinking?!”
“Hold on, be mad at Uncle Kaz, not me!” Taichi deflected.
Kasuga tilted his head as he joined the group. “Uhh… weren’t you trying to get her to lay off of
Kiryu-san a second ago, Taichi-kun?”
Taichi glared at Kasuga. “You know, Haruka, he was in on the secret, too! He knew Uncle Kaz was
alive longer than all of us! And he’s the one that got me involved in this whole mess, back in
Okinawa! Maybe you should yell at him, too!”
Kasuga crossed his arms. “Come on, man, take your lumps and move on.”
Watching this display, Yagami wanted to chuckle. Kaito didn’t hold back, letting one out and letting
his mouth curl into a smirk. “Heh. They’re gonna be okay, don’t you think, Tak?”
Yagami nodded. “Yeah.” Sudden movement in his peripheral vision caused him to frown. He
glanced down one end of the street. Three men in medical masks started walking towards Kasuga,
Haruka, and Kiryu. He glanced down the other. Three more. His eyes scanned the rooftops.
Numerous more were watching the meeting.
His eyes narrowed, and he stepped towards the group. “Guys,” he said urgently, his voice low. “We
need to move.”
Kasuga tilted his head. “Now really ain’t the time, Yagami-san.”
“We’re being watched,” he hissed, drawing Haruka and Kiryu’s attention.

“Hm?” Kiryu glanced around, noticing far too late that they were surrounded. “Shit…”
“Triads?” Kasuga asked.
One of the men approached the group, hands behind his back. “Evening everyone,” he said, eying
them. “Sorry to interrupt… whatever this is.” He stared at Haruka. “I’ll make this simple. The boy.
Hand him over.”
Haruka turned to glare. “Over my dead body.”
“That can be arranged.”
“Where’s Chihiro-chan?” Kasuga asked, his eyes narrowing.
“Oh, don’t worry about her,” the man laughed. “Lao Ma will deal with that disgrace.”
Kasuga let out a sharp breath. “Mabuchi has her?!”
“She better still be alive!” Taichi snarled as Sugiura and Kaito moved to back him up.
“A shame you’ll never find out,” the man said, dropping into a combat stance. “I’m only going to
ask once. Give us Haruto Sawamura. Now.”
Kiryu held his fists up, while Yagami lowered into his Crane stance, Kasuga slung his bat over his
shoulder, and Haruka got into position. “Tch. Looks like going past these guys isn’t an option,”
Kiryu growled. “We’ll have to just go through them.”
Haruka scoffed. “Whatever. I have some anger I need to work out anyway.”
Kasuga grinned. “Well, this is the healthiest outlet you’re gonna get! Might as well enjoy yourself!”
Yagami smirked. “Heh. The four of us against these guys? Piece of cake.”
“Don’t forget we’re here too,” Kaito chuckled as he cracked his knuckles. He turned his head to
Taichi. “Name’s Kaito. Nice to meet ya. I owe your foster sister there something of a life debt, so,
you’re gonna be seein’ a lot of me til this is all over.”
Taichi nodded. “Alright. Nice to meet you, Kaito-san.”
Kaito added, “And Sugiura… I’m kickin’ your ass when this is all over.”
Sugiura smirked. “Looking forward to it.”
Kiryu, Kasuga, Yagami, and Haruka all stood back to back as the Triads slowly closed in on them,
while Kaito, Sugiura, and Taichi dealt with a few on the outside. Kiryu clenched his fists, his eyes
narrowing. “Haruka… you can be mad at me all you want later. But these guys come first. Think
you can handle it?”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah.”
Kiryu smirked. “Alright, then… Everyone… Let’s go!”

Chapter 79: Enter the Tiger
SAIO TRIAD
Kiryu, Kasuga, Yagami, and Haruka stood back to back against what must have been a dozen
triads, some with knives, some with sabers, and some with clawed gloves. All of them were out for
bloodshed, and unluckily for them, all four of our heroes were happy to oblige. The other three
dealt with their own group separately off to the side, though the majority of the Triads were
gunning for Haruka, by extension those by her side.
Kiryu moved first, throwing a wide right hook, a wide left hook, and a left back fist into a right
overhead swing; the first two hooks knocked several triads down, while last two strikes were
focused specifically on one of the saber wielding man, who was slammed down onto the ground
with enough force to bounce him off of the pavement. Haruka caught him with three kicks while he
was still airborne, then roundhouse kicked him away from herself.
Kiryu then dodged a wild slash from one of the knife triads, and counter-hooked him in the face,
sending him stumbling towards Kasuga, who cracked his bat over his skull, knocking him out. As
Kiryu turned back to his group of enemies, he saw Haruka split kick one very high into the air; she
then jumped into the air after him and combo’d him with four more punches, before twisting her
body midair and finishing with a wheel kick, sending him back down onto the pavement. She
quickly stood up from this uninjured.
Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “Where’d you learn to do that?” he asked.
Haruka tilted her head. “…My dance instructor?” Momentarily distracted, she failed to notice a
Triad bringing a saber down on her; Yagami saved her with an overhead roundhouse, knocking the
Triad away. “Ah! Thank you, Yagami-san!”
Yagami nodded in her direction before switching to his Snake stance and parrying a clawed triad,
redirecting him into Kiryu, who kicked his sole straight into the man’s face. Kiryu then turned and
grabbed a knife-wielding enemy’s wrist, smacking the knife out of his hand with his left palm.
The knife soared into the air towards Haruka, who caught the handle with her toe; she then kicked
it back at its master. The blade embedded itself in his chest painfully. He gasped as blood sprayed
from the wound, then fell over. He tried to crawl away, but Kasuga ran up to him and kicked his
face, knocking him out cold.
Haruka blinked. “Is he going to be okay?”
“He’s still breathing,” Yagami said, waving her concerns away.
Haruka nodded, then turned and kicked an approaching clawed enemy, sending him stumbling
backwards through the open door of a Poppo; Kiryu followed him in, grabbed his collar and
chucked him behind the counter, his face landing in the microwave, behind a wide-eyed and
underpaid part-timer.
“Heat this junk up,” Kiryu ordered calmly. The part-timer obliged and pressed a key on the
machine, cooking the triad’s face. The microwave sparked and smoked as the triad passed out.

He turned and walked back out into the street watching as Kasuga hit one enemy with a three-hit
bat combo, followed by Haruka attacking that same enemy with a right hook, a low launching leg
sweep, and a high roundhouse kick that sent him flying.
Then both of them… stopped.
Kasuga rolled his shoulders. Haruka took a cautious step back. They both started pacing slightly
around the battlefield, eyes darting as if working out which attacker to target next.
Kiryu blinked. Well, I know what Kasuga’s excuse is… he thought to himself, …but why the hell is
Haruka acting like she’s waiting her turn, too?
He sighed, deciding not to question it, and charged back in, launching himself off the ground and
drop kicking two foes. He then stood back up, grabbed a triad, and slammed him into the wall,
before delivering a sharp push kick directly into his face, breaking his nose, loosening some teeth,
and probably giving the poor bastard a concussion.
Without losing his stride, he turned to a fourth triad, hit him with a left straight, a right uppercut,
and a leaping overhead right hook, which spiked the man down onto the ground with enough force
to bounce him off of the pavement. Kiryu of course took full advantage with a flurry of juggling
strikes.
Kasuga glanced at this as he cracked another triad with his bat. He then glanced at Yagami, who
was more or less doing the same as he launched a man into the air with a kick. “Man, I gotta learn
how to do that,” he muttered.
Kiryu continued even after this, spiking a fifth triad with an overhead hook, then grabbing his legs
out of the air and spinning on his heel, tossing the man into a row of bikes. The other combatants
sort of slowed their pace and marveled as Kiryu, approaching his mid-50s, somehow still moved
like a man half his age, methodically dismantling enemy after enemy.
“No way…” Yagami muttered.
“Jesus…” Kaito whistled after he and Taichi wailed on a triad. “This guy’s unreal… now I get why
my anikis were always hyping him up.”
Taichi beamed. “Yup. That’s Uncle Kaz.”
Two triads took a step back from the battle, their eyes widening as the Dragon, let’s face it,
slaughtered their allies. “[Who… the fuck is this guy?!]” one of them shouted in Mandarin.
“[He’s a monster!]” the other gasped.
One by one, Kiryu broke each and every one of the attacking triads, then turned his sharp glare to
the two that had slipped away.
“[S-shit!]” They tripped over their feet as they turned around and broke out into a sprint, trying to
put as much distance between them and this angel of death as possible.
Kiryu’s eyes narrowed as he watched them run. “Hmph,” he scoffed. “Send someone worth my
time next time…” he muttered. He winced as a sharp and sudden pain stabbed at his side, the

night’s excitement finally catching up to his aging body. “Agh… don’t ever get old, Kasuga…” he
grumbled as he pressed a hand to his side.
Kasuga chuckled, hoisting his bat over his shoulder. “A bit late for that, Kiryu-san.”
Kiryu smirked through his pain, though his frown returned a moment later, as he slowly turned to
Haruka, who approached him with the anger from before still lingering in her eyes, even as her
tears dried. “Are you okay, Haruka?” he asked. “You’re not hurt, are you?”
Haruka shook her head. “Not physically, no.”
Kiryu’s jaw tightened. “Haruka… I need you to understand. My actions six years ago… agree with
them or not… They were to protect you.” He looked at Taichi, who approached them. “All of you.
Things didn’t work out the way I thought they would. They never really do, I suppose… But I’m
going to do whatever I have to to make things right. I promise.”
Haruka studied him for a moment. Though she attempted to maintain a cold front, Kiryu saw a hint
of relief in her eyes. Like something deep inside her was convinced things would be alright.
That was a start.
“We’ll see,” she muttered finally, glancing away from Kiryu.
Kiryu nodded. “A chance to redeem myself is all I ask. I’m going to start by saving Chihiro
Watanabe.”
“My sister,” Haruka muttered. “Biologically, anyway.”
Kiryu crossed his arms. “So you’re already aware, then.”
Taichi’s eyes widened. “…U-uh… what?!” Come to think of it, she and Haruka did look alike, he
thought. It was a thought he wished he didn’t have, considering the circumstances.
Kasuga turned to stare at Taichi, seemingly reading his thoughts. “…Oh, shit. Taichi-kun, didn’t
you and Chihiro-chan—?”
“Th-that’s not important right now!” Taichi sputtered, his face reddening.
Haruka tilted her head. “Hm? Taichi, what’s wrong?”
“NOTHING!” Taichi denied entirely too quickly. “Nothing at all!”
Kasuga crossed his arms. “Come on, man, it ain’t that weird.”
Taichi cleared his throat. “Listen, can we focus on what’s important! We gotta go rescue her, don’t
we? Why are we wasting time?”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. Haruka…”
Haruka shook her head. “I hope you don’t expect me to go back to standing on the sidelines now
that you’re back in the picture.”
Kiryu studied her, briefly, then smirked. “Heh. Of course not.”

This answer surprised Haruka. “Huh?”
“You’re getting too big to do what you’re told, after all,” Kiryu explained. “You’ve come this far,
haven’t you? No sense in retreating now. I was just going to say… I hope you’ll allow me to fight
alongside you going forward. Show me how strong you’ve become, and what a foolish old man
I’ve been.”
Haruka stared at him for a moment, then, for the first time all night, let a very slight smile show.
“Okay. If that’s what you want.”
Kiryu nodded. “It is.”
Kazuma Kiryu has joined the party!
The party gathered around Haruka, who took note of Sugiura, suddenly recalling that they had
already met. “Ah… Jester, right? We fought in that tournament, back at The Castle.”
Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “Hm? Ah, is that what happened to your mask?”
Sugiura chuckled. “Heh. Yeah, Haruka sort of whooped my ass. And you don’t gotta call me by my
alias. Sugiura’s fine.”
Haruka nodded. “Alright, Sugiura-san. Welcome to the party.”
Sugiura blinked. “The what? Ah, come on, not you too…”
Kaito smirked. “She’s got the rest of us goin’ along with it too.”
“Speak for yourself,” Yagami scoffed, hands in his pockets.
Kasuga chuckled. “What can I say? It’s contagious. Maybe someday, even Kiryu-san’ll be—.”
“No,” Kiryu cut him off flatly. “That is never, ever going to happen.”
Kasuga smirked. “We’ll see.”
Kiryu exhaled through his nose and turned to Sugiura and Taichi. “Is Hanawa still at the Grand?”
Taichi shook his head. “Hanawa-san left to catch his train. He’s on his way to Ijincho.”
Kasuga crossed his arms. “Figures. We’ll probably run into him again soon enough." He turned to
Haruka, grinned, and pumped his fist. “Alright, Haruka-chan. Lead the way!”
Haruka turned to the other end of the road. A cab sat beneath a streetlight, close to the exit from
Sotenbori into greater Osaka. “Alright, then. Let’s do this…” she said under her breath. She inhaled
deeply, and then stepped forward.

Chapter 80: Appassianata di Sangue
Haruka paid the cab driver, who quickly pulled away, not wanting to be seen anywhere near this
place. Kaito stretched his arms, groaning as he popped a particularly stubborn joint. “Ahhh, god, I
can’t wait to kick some ass…” he muttered. “So. This is the spot, huh? The old Omi Alliance
HQ…”
The party stood across the street from the gates of what once was one of the most opulent mansions
in all of Osaka. Unlike the Tojo Clan’s headquarters back in Tokyo—a monument to traditional
Japanese aesthetics—the Omi Alliance Headquarters was instead influenced by mid-century fascist
architecture: heavy symmetry, cold stone, and the joyless gravitas of the Imperial Japanese
government buildings from the war.
That the Chinese Triads were using it as a staging ground was a tad ironic. One could argue it was
symbolic; a statement, one could say, against an institution that once oppressed their people.
Kasuga, however, doubted that Akira Mabuchi had ever thought that deeply. The man was simply
too brutish, too opportunistic, too lacking in taste. More likely, he saw a fortress that was easy to
take, and took it.
In any case, the place had been reduced in just three short years to a shadow of its former glory.
With that being said, the place was still in a much better state than it had been in when Kiryu and
Taichi showed up earlier in the evening; clearly, the Triads worked fast, as they had already made
this ruin their home.
Several of them milled about in the entry courtyard, keeping watch for intruders, while a few more
moved boxes and furniture into the building.
“This place was abandoned after the Great Dissolution,” Kiryu explained. “When I was here earlier,
most of Sotenbori’s homeless were squatting inside. Looks like the Triads kicked them all out.”
Yagami sighed, crossing his arms. “Figures. And they probably had every right to be here, too.”
Haruka tilted her head. “Huh? What do you mean?”
“Squatter’s rights,” Yagami explained. “If you occupy an abandoned building for long enough, the
owner’s supposed to offer you a lease. Twenty years pass, and it’s legally yours. If the Saio hadn't
shown up, Sotenbori’s homeless might’ve ended up with the nicest roof in town over their heads.”
Kasuga’s expression darkened. “Tch… All the more reason to show Mabuchi we mean business,”
he said seriously. “That bastard… kickin’ those people out on their asses like that, leaving them
with nowhere else to go… That pisses me off. But, at the end of the day, the Saio are squatters,
too.” He smirked. “And since they’ve been here less than a day… they don’t got leasing rights. So
let’s carry out a little eviction, shall we?”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. Haruka, are you ready?”
Haruka adjusted her jacket and stepped forward. “More than ready.”

The party stepped into the courtyard, where their presence was immediately noticed. “Huh?” one
Triad turned to them, tilting his head. “Hey! Private property. Get lost!”
“Not happenin’,” Kasuga growled. “Step aside.”
The man blinked. “Excuse me? Who the hell do you think you are?” Switching to Mandarin, he
barked “[Hey! Kill these assholes!]”
The air shifted, and the Triads transformed in bright flashes of light as the first of the night’s many
battles began.
SAIO TRIAD
Kaito, Sugiura, and Taichi hung back dealing with Triads on the outside, while Haruka led the
frontline with Kasuga, Kiryu, and Yagami.
Yagami, being the fastest, got the first turn. “Hope you’re ready for this one,” he boasted as he got
ready to move. Even when viewed through Haruka and Kasuga’s warped JRPG lens, Yagami’s
fighting style was impressive, and he still had access to his three stances, which he could switch
between freely. His first, Crane Style, was his fastest, allowing him to get close to enemies before
they could react. He demonstrated by approaching the farthest Triad, who stood with his saber at
the ready, and hitting him with a basic close range attack consisting of two roundhouse kicks in
each direction and a launching upward kick, sending him into the air.
The speed offered by Crane also gave him an advantage nobody else on the field had—the ability
to move twice in one turn. When timed right, he could use this bonus action to juggle his enemies;
he demonstrated again, thrusting an open palm several times at his opponent, then finishing with
another roundhouse kick, which sent him sprawling across the lot.
Kiryu was next. “Let’s do this,” he growled.
His job, Dragon of Dojima, also gave him access to his three basic styles, and he opened the fight
in his Brawler stance, the catch-all stance he was most comfortable with. He ran at the Triad
Yagami had knocked down and, with all of his strength, punted the man as hard as he could,
sending him into the air. The Triad landed painfully on his back, and didn’t get back up.
Haruka’s turn was next. She stood next to Kasuga and initiated a tag team attack against a nearby
knife-wielding triad.
“Right behind ya, Haruka-chan!” Kasuga said, grinning.
Haruka ran at the man and dived in with a sliding kick, which sent him airborne; Kasuga, for his
part of the attack, jumped over Haruka and dived headfirst like a missile at the airborne Triad, head
butting him out of the air, causing him to soar across the courtyard and slam into the wall. Kasuga’s
turn came around right as he hit the ground, rolling back into a standing position. He dragged his
bat along the ground, sparks emanating from the trail in the asphalt as he ran at the furthest Triad
from him, knocking over several others in his path; when he reached his actual target, he swung his
bat upwards, launching the man, then jumped up and swung downwards, sending him slamming
back down onto the pavement.
The Triads were up next. They were nothing special. One ran at Kiryu, wildly slashing with his
saber, which did some damage. Another swiped at Kasuga with his clawed gloves, causing him to

bleed. A third one approached Haruka, and whatever he was going to do, he didn’t end up doing it,
as Haruka perfectly timed a counter, jamming her knee into his groin. He groaned in pain as he put
both hands over himself, backing off.
Kasuga winced. “Sheesh… Kind of a dirty move, don’tcha think, Haruka-chan?” he asked.
Haruka sighed and shook her head. “I’ve been trying other counters all night,” she mumbled. “That
seems to be the only one I can get right.”
“Well… can’t argue with results, I guess.”
Yagami’s turn came back around. He used this opportunity to switch to his Tiger stance, a hardhitting style meant for taking on single opponents. Most importantly, however, it allowed him to
use the environment to his advantage and engage the enemy in a series of flashy and powerful EX
Actions. “Let’s kick it up a notch,” he said with a smirk.
And he did just that, leaping off of a nearby while and over an enemy’s head as they watched in
awe; he brought both fists down on the descent, slamming the man’s face onto the pavement and
knocking him out.
As Kiryu’s turn came about, one enemy near him switched to a guarded stance, clearly anticipating
an attack. Fortunately, Kiryu had an answer to that. “You’re done!” he shouted as he switched into
his Beast style, taking on a more grounded stance. He turned to said enemy and gripped his collar
tightly. He swung the poor bastard in a wide circle, using him as a ram and knocking over his
comrades. He then threw him clean across the arena. He landed in a pile of crates, which shattered
on impact, and did not get back up.
Two enemies remained. Haruka turned to one of them and pulled out two glowsticks, which one
would’ve thought she was about to use as weapons.
But that just would’ve been silly.
Instead, she waved the glowsticks around with enough speed to leave mesmerizing trails in the
night air, distracting her opponent long enough that she could forcefully slam her hip into his chest,
staggering him; she then brought her foot up across his jaw in a wide and painful roundhouse kick,
and then checked him again with a rear-first body slam, sending him to the ground, unmoving.
“Thank you for being my fan!” she chirped in a sarcastically high register, bowing to his crumpled
body.
With one last Triad left standing, Kasuga swung his bat, though the enemy dodged backward,
causing the attack to miss. The Triad then pulled out his phone, smirking as he showed the party the
screen, then held it to his ear. As it turned out, he was calling for backup; another Triad appeared on
the battlefield in a flash of light, while the one calling for backup took up a guarded stance.
Yagami’s turn came around again, and he switched from his kung fu stance into a more defensive
aikido stance, his Snake style. Like with Kiryu’s Beast style, Snake style allowed Yagami to deal
with riposting enemies like the snitch with the phone.
His method of doing so, however, was a bit different. Rather than inflict damage on enemies, Snake
style was all about playing mind games. He approached the guarding Triad, who threw quick jabs
at Yagami, all of which he dodged with ease. He grappled the enemy during one of these jabs,

twisted, and redirected him behind himself; he then followed this up with a sharp roundhouse to the
skull, causing the enemy to flinch. He was able to flinch because Yagami never finished the attack,
instead freezing when his foot was just inches away from the man’s face.
Realizing just how close he was to a very painful nap, the Triad shook, and then doubled over in
fear. This would have caused him to miss his next turn… Kiryu hadn’t already decided to ensure he
wouldn’t get a next turn.
Switching into his boxing-based Rush stance, Kiryu targeted the newly-arrived foe next to him,
hitting him with a flurry of jabs, knocking him out with the final punch. As with Yagami’s Crane
style, Rush allowed Kiryu to move twice per turn. With this in mind, he turned to the trembling
final enemy, and ran at him, attacking with a left hook and a right roundhouse kick to the skull,
knocking him out of the fight.
As the fight came to an end, one of the defeated Triads quickly stood up, glared at the party, then
turned and ran into the building. “My guess is that’s the cavalry coming,” Yagami sighed.
“Let them come,” Kiryu said coolly. “They’ve already proven they’re no match.”
“Ooh, cocky, Kiryu-san!” Kasuga replied with a grin. “I like it!”
“This place is huge,” Taichi lamented. “How are we going to find Chihiro-chan?”
Kaito turned his head to a downed Triad, groaning in pain from his beating. “We ask nicely,” he
said with a smirk. He stomped over and picked him up by the collar, pulling him up and dangling
him from the floor to meet his face at an astoundingly tall 190 centimeters.
“L-let me go, you gorilla!” the man sputtered.
Kaito grinned, showing teeth. “Nah. Not until you tell us what we wanna know.” He frowned, and
leaned in closer. “Chihiro Watanabe. Where’s she at?”
The man’s brow furrowed in confusion. “The girl?! What do you want to see that failure for?! She’s
going to be dead soon, anyway!”
Gripping tighter, Kaito pushed the Triad against a pillar, the back of his head slipping painfully
against the stone. “Don’t recall askin’ your opinion. I asked where she was. You gonna tell me, or
am I gonna have to get ugly?”
The Triad shook his head. “Ahh! Listen, listen, I don’t know much! I-I’m just a grunt!” He grunted
as he struggled in vain. “Look, Lao Ma wanted her found. The search party found her. They
brought her in, and took her to him! That’s all I know, I swear!”
Kaito’s eyes narrowed. “Then where does Mabuchi hang out?”
“U-upstairs! There’s an audience chamber on the top floor!”
Kaito immediately released his grip, dropping the man onto the floor. “See? That wasn’t so hard.”
The man sputtered in fear as he scrambled to his feet, bolted past the gate, and ran into the streets
of Osaka, not daring to look back.

“If he’s tellin’ the truth, Chihiro just got hauled in,” Kaito said as he turned back to the party. “If we
hustle, we can make it to her in time.”
Haruka nodded. “Thanks, Kaito-san.” She turned and walked towards the entrance. “Everyone, let’s
go.”
She pushed open the grand double doors, only to find that several more Triads waited inside. “Your
little rescue mission ends here!” one of them snarled. “[Kill them!]”
Haruka sighed and shook her head. “We just took out a whole bunch of your friends. Why do you
think you’re different?”
Kiryu clenched his fists and stanced up beside her. “You’d be surprised,” he muttered. “Everybody
thinks they’re special…”
***
While the party tore the place apart downstairs, Chihiro found herself dragged forcefully through
the complex, grunting and struggling futilely. “Let go of me!” she growled, though the two Triads
who stood on either side of her, each with a tight grip on her elbow, seemed not to listen or care for
her pleas. “Do you think Kowloon is going to give a shit about what Mabuchi says?!” she asked
desperately. “Once the main branch learns we don’t have Haruto Sawamura, we’re all finished! He
isn’t going to change that!”
“And what, you can?” the man to her left asked. “Newsflash. We’re not going back to Kowloon.”
“What?!”
They pushed aside the screen door into the audience chamber, where Mabuchi stood flanked by a
mixture of Triads from Kowloon, and his own group of former Liumang loyalists, including Li, one
of the men who was with Chihiro and Zheng went missing. Chihiro was pushed to the floor;
quickly scrambling to her feet, she tried to escape, but found herself with a pair of sabers flush with
her neck. She froze, then slowly turned to face Mabuchi. “…Lao Ma,” she said. “Listen.” Her eyes
darted to his right hand, which gripped a handgun.
“Where’s the boy, Chihiro?” he asked, his tone low. “Li here tells me you lost him.”
Chihiro glanced around the room for an exit. Finding none, she muttered “…He’s with Haruka
Sawamura and Ichiban Kasuga.”
Mabuchi put a hand to his face, an annoyed groan escaping his lips. “Kasuga… that prick. This is a
problem.”
Ichiban Kasuga, Mabuchi knew, was likely the only man in Osaka right now stupid enough to come
after him, and also the only man capable of stopping him. He hated Ichiban Kasuga, ever since the
man got him banished from Ijincho three years prior.
Chihiro stepped forward, a desperate look in her eyes. “Lao Ma, listen, they’re still in Sotenbori. If
we just head out and find them, we can get Haruto back. We can take him back to Kowloon, and he
can succeed his uncle—!”

“And then what?” Mabuchi asked. “You become his little advisor? Pull the strings from the throne?
Oust me once he’s seated?”
Chihiro froze.
Mabuchi smirked. “Li tells me that was the plan. Let the boy rise… then cut me out of the picture.”
Chihiro shook her head. “Th-that’s ridiculous!” she stammered. “Why would I… How could I… no
one would even listen to me!”
Mabuchi held a finger up and paced the room. “You know, I did think that. Nobody would listen to
you. Why would they? You’re just some low-ranking tool. You’ve never even been to China; why
would they trust you?”
Mabuchi paced circles around Chihiro as he ran through his thought process. “But you’re clever.
Or, you think you are, anyway. You wouldn’t have gone into this without some kind of plan. An
angle to play at. So I racked my brain, wondering what that angle may have been.” He paused,
slowly pointing at Chihiro. “Big Lo.”
Chihiro blinked. “What about him?”
“Why do you think Bao Lo asked me to kill Big Lo?” Mabuchi asked. “His own brother, and Bao
wanted me to kill him. Why is that, do you think?”
Chihiro’s eyes darted around. “…Because he betrayed the Saio six years ago. He abdicated and
went into hiding.”
Mabuchi imitated the sound of a game show buzzer. “Ehhh! Wrong!” He chuckled. “It’s because…
he betrayed the Saio six years ago, AND, despite that… he still would have had a seat at the table,
if he wanted it.” He waved his gun around lazily in the air. “You see, the Saio have an almost…
religious fascination with blood. Their hierarchy revolves around it, around the Lo dynasty. It’s
actually pretty good at preventing power struggles. Everybody knows their place.”
He stood in the center of the room as if to demonstrate. “At the head of the table sits the chairman.
In 2016, that was Big Lo.” He started pacing the room once more. “All around the table? His
family. Cousins. Uncles. One brother. But all of those people were simply… advisers. If Big Lo, at
that point, were to die or abdicate, his son, Jimmy Lo would have been next in line to succeed.”
Mabuchi held his palms out and shrugged. “Jimmy was murdered that year. So, the line of
succession moved on to Jimmy’s half-brother, Big Lo's hidden child. Yuta Usami. If Yuta were to
be unable to succeed, things would have gotten a bit messier. Yuta’s child, Haruto Sawamura, was
half-Japanese. The elders would have balked at the time, though they would ultimately have
learned to get over it, as we see now, where they demand him as a successor to Bao Lo.”
Mabuchi paused. “When Big Lo abdicated, he removed Yuta as heir, and then went into hiding,
fearing reprisal. These fears were not unfounded. The chairmanship then fell to his brother, Bao,
who purged the inner circle of those who may still have been loyal to Big.”
He cracked his neck. “And then, eventually, when I joined the organization, tracking down and
killing Big Lo himself was his loyalty test to me. Why?” Mabuchi leaned in. “He still had the blood
of a kingmaker. If, at any point, he decided to come out of hiding and assert himself, there was a

small but still significant chance that he could usurp Bao, with the support of the other elders. Bao
simply couldn’t leave it up to chance.”
Chihiro scoffed. “What do you think this has to do with me?”
Mabuchi grinned. “Big was a threat to Bao… because of blood. Everyone in the inner circle was
also tied to that same bloodline. Somebody like you or me, we’re nothing. Because we don’t have
that blood.” He stepped towards her. “Or at least, I don’t. But you remember what I said? Relatives
of the chairman become his inner circle. So let’s say… Haruto Sawamura were to take the chair.
Bao Lo is going to pass any day now, and Haruto, even if he is half-Japanese is the last remaining
direct descendent of the Saio’s founder. So when Bao Lo dies, he ascends to the throne… and
anyone related to him by blood joins that inner circle.”
He chuckled. “With that in mind… my thoughts wandered to you. You want Haruto to get to
Kowloon, whatever the cost. Why would you care so much about seeing the line of succession
preserved… unless you had something to gain from it. So, I’ve got a theory. Haruto Sawamura’s
blood… runs through your veins. Doesn’t it?”
Chihiro froze. This was all of the confirmation Mabuchi needed. “Heh. Thought so. Now. I don’t
know what your exact relation is… and frankly, I don’t care. What matters… is that you kept this
little secret from me, hoping I would help you climb the ladder, all so that you could push me off of
it.” He leveled his gun at Chihiro’s chest and scowled. “Big mistake.”
He smirked. “You know what the funny part is? I never actually cared if the boy lived or died,
anyway.”
Chihiro’s eyes widened. “What?! But without him, we have no leverage in Kowloon!”
Mabuchi chuckled darkly. “We had no leverage regardless. The Saio don’t care about loyalty. They
care about blood. Blood that I don’t have. Once we handed the boy over, you know what would’ve
happened? I’d have been relegated back to grunt work, even without your scheming. I’m not fond
of being somebody’s errand boy.” He glanced around at the triads around him—some former
Liumang, some from Kowloon. All missing the same thing—blood. “These soldiers that the Saio
sent… they’re tired of being errand boys too. So, to be perfectly honest with you, we never really
intended to go back to Kowloon.”
“Then what was your goal?!” Chihiro demanded. “What was all of this for?!”
“I was buying time,” Mabuchi explained. “In order to take territory in Japan, I needed help from
China. So I told the elders exactly what they wanted to hear, long enough to get all the money and
men I needed. This morning, I struck a deal in Kamurocho.”
Chihiro’s brow furrowed. “Kamurocho?”
Mabuchi nodded. “Little Asia. Reconstruction is nearing completion. The ribbon is to be cut next
week. And using the men and finances I gained from the mainland… I was able to extract a
promise from Akio Yamamoto, the police commissioner. We play nice with the gangs… and in
return, my men get to stroll the streets of Kamurocho, untouched by the police. It’s a win-win for
the both of us. Crime rates go down, and I get to seize the underworld power the Tojo Clan once
held.”

He chuckled. “Yamamoto expects to be governor soon. Just think about how far I could go with
Tokyo’s governor in my pocket. I would be even more powerful than the yakuza could have ever
hoped to be. I would be… untouchable.” He tightened his grip on the gun, its barrel pointed
directly at Chihiro. “You, though? You’re a liability, one with an impulsive need to stab people in
the back. And you’re not going to stab me in the back.” His finger tightened around the trigger.
“Goodbye.”
Chihiro tensed, waiting for the end. It didn’t come, however, as right that moment the doors slid
back open. Two bruised and beaten triads rushed in, their breaths heavy. “Lao Ma!” one said,
falling to the floor before quickly scrambling back up. “We have a problem.”
Mabuchi frowned, though his grip on the gun did not loosen. “Can this wait? I’m busy.”
“There are intruders downstairs!” the man exclaimed. “They’re tearing the place up!”
Mabuchi raised an eyebrow. “So? Kill them.”
“You don’t understand, sir. They’re too tough. It’s Sawamura and Ichiban Kasuga, and a bunch of
others!”
Chihiro’s breath caught. Haruka…?
Mabuchi pinched the bridge of his nose. “Kasuga… of course it’s him.” This was bad… but
Mabuchi saw an opportunity. A smirk slowly crawled up his face, and he lowered the gun. “Change
in plans, Chihiro.”
Her voice trembled. “What…?”
Mabuchi’s smirk widened into an almost feral grin. “You get to live,” he said softly, “until they get
here.”

Chapter 81: Tranquillo Prima Della Tempesta
Several battles later, the party pushed their way into a room that either the homeless that previously
occupied the building, or the Triads that did now, had clearly been using to rest; two ruined couches
sat in one corner, a small table in the center, and, on a countertop, a new-looking mini fridge,
stocked full of Red Bull and Staminan Royale. “This looks like a good place to take a rest,” Yagami
exhaled as he rolled his shoulders. “We should try and catch our breaths.”
Kaito approached the cooler and opened it, grabbing an energy drink. He cracked it open with a
hiss and chugged, then set the empty can down on the countertop. “Man, why’re all these places
built like mazes, anyway?”
Haruka tilted her head. “Huh? What do you mean, Kaito-san?”
Kaito started listing places they had previously been off on his fingers. “This place is full of twists
and turns. That Kirijo warehouse looked pretty kooky to me…”
“You didn’t even go in,” Kasuga reminded him. “But, yeah, that place was kind of a labyrinth."
Kaito continued. “That construction yard between the two prison complexes that I had to break
Haruka-chan out of? That was a dungeon. Straight up. You can’t walk ten feet in a straight line in
the Tojo HQ either."
Haruka crossed her arms. “I suppose when you put it like that…”
“I’m just sayin’, if I had to like, actually work in any of these places? I’d lose my shit.”
Kiryu, meanwhile, sat on one of the ruined couches, the springs creaking under his weight. He
leaned forward, elbows on his knees, and stared at the floor tiles.
Kasuga watched him for a moment, before sitting down across from him. “Big day for you, huh,
Kiryu-san?” he said.
Kiryu’s eyes flicked up to him. “What do you mean?”
Kasuga jutted his head toward Haruka, who stood near Yagami, Kaito, Sugiura, and Taichi. “I’m
going to represent you on behalf of Genda Law,” they overheard Yagami saying—clearly they were
discussing what was going to happen when Haruka eventually had to turn herself in. “But that’s
only if it goes to trial, and at this point, I don’t think it will.”
“Hey, what about me, Tak?” Kaito asked. “I’m gonna be up in front of a judge too!”
Yagami smirked. “Conflict of interest, sorry. Hoshino-kun’s got you.”
“Man…”
Kasuga smiled, then turned back to Kiryu. “I’m talkin’ about Haruka-chan, man. You get to see her
again, after so many years. I know we can’t really pop the champagne just yet, but…”

“I’m just wondering how long it’s going to last,” Kiryu muttered. “The Daidoji won’t take this
lying down. It’s only a matter of time before…”
“Ah, you worry too much,” Kasuga said, waving a hand. “Hey, if they come for you, we’ve all got
your back. And… if you gotta go back into hiding… at least she knows you’re still around. They
can’t put that cat back in the bag. Least they can do is give you holidays or… something.”
Kiryu chuckled. “Heh. You make too much sense sometimes, Kasuga.” He exhaled and leaned
back. “…It’s all my fault, you know.”
Kasuga tilted his head. “Huh? What is?”
“Chihiro,” Kiryu muttered. “What she went through.”
Kasuga blinked. “You can’t be serious, Kiryu-san.”
“I alone stood in opposition to Kyohei Jingu,” Kiryu explained. “And although I didn’t pull the
trigger… it’s because of me that he died.”
Kasuga sighed, scratching the back of his head. “Come on, man…”
“Afterwards, I took in Haruka. His daughter. Yumi’s daughter…” Kiryu shook his head. “I never
once stopped to wonder who else might have been left behind. If I had known that there was
another child…”
“You can’t save everyone Kiryu-san,” Kasuga said, his eyes growing sad. “Believe me. I try harder
than most. You’re acting like you made all that happen on purpose. You didn’t even know she
existed.”
Kiryu frowned. “Ignorance doesn’t absolve me.”
Kasuga sighed. “Look man… I don’t doubt that if you knew there was another kid left behind,
you’d take them in, too. But sometimes you don’t get a say in how people turn out. Look at me and
the Young Master, for example.”
Kiryu tilted his head. “Young Master…? Ah… You mean Masato Arakawa.”
Kasuga nodded. “Yeah. I admit, it’s not EXACTLY the same. For starters, we weren’t related by
blood, and Masato wasn’t really the boss’s kid. I was.”
Kiryu nodded. “You had been switched at birth, right?”
“Yeah,” Kasuga replied. “Well… sort of. Maybe. I admit, I never actually got a DNA test to
confirm. But Sawashiro swears by it. I’m the boss’s kid, and Masato was Sawashiro’s. Born on the
same night across town from each other. And, by some twist of fate, we both ended up in the same
row of coin lockers.” He chuckled. “Shinjuku Station might as well have been a nursery. But
anyway… the boss pulled Masato out of one locker, and Jiro Kasuga pulled me out of another.
“We both had disadvantages,” he continued. “Because of the hypothermia, the Young Master had to
spend most of his life in a wheelchair. Me, my disadvantages were… social. I grew up in a
soapland, raised by the girls there, people most of Kamurocho would’ve called trash. I barely ever
had any money, wound up on the streets mugging dudes for petty cash.” Kasuga crossed his arms.
“Meanwhile, the Young Master grew up in the lap of luxury. Still, with two legs that didn’t work

and the stigma of being raised by a yakuza… I can’t really sit here and say with a straight face that
he had it any easier than I did. But Arakawa-san did the best he could with Masato. And when I
was 14, I joined up with the Tojo Clan, and he became my dad too.”
“Even though he was already your father,” Kiryu remarked.
“Yeah, funny how that worked out, huh?” Kasuga laughed. “Anyway, from that point on, me and
the Young Master basically had the same upbringing. I mean, he had a lot of money, ‘cos his dad
was the boss, and I… was kind of a shitty earner, which meant I was still broke most of the time.
Not like my money wouldn’t have gone to the family anyway. But despite all of that, I like to think
I turned out okay.
“The Young Master, though… he ended up bitter. Real bitter. And eventually… that bitterness
consumed him.” Kasuga let out a sad sigh. “I went to prison for him. And in the end, it… it feels
like I didn’t fix anything at all.”
Kiryu’s eyes softened. “I know what that’s like…” he muttered.
Kasuga’s sad look vanished in almost an instant, however, and he smiled again at Kiryu. “Anyway.
Point is. Could you have given her a better life? Maybe. If you knew. Which you didn’t. But at the
same time… You can only do so much. You get what I mean, Kiryu?”
Kiryu stared at him, then nodded slowly. “Yeah. I think I do.”
Kasuga grinned, then stood up from the couch, stretching. “Good. Now quit sittin’ around blamin’
yourself for other peoples’ bad luck. It ain’t too late to turn things around. Let’s give her that
second chance.”
“Right,” Kiryu said. He stood up, adjusting his cuffs. “…You know, Kasuga… you remind me of
someone I used to know.”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Eh?” He let out a nervous, slightly offended chuckle as he rubbed the
back of his neck. “Hey, uh, no offense, Kiryu-san, but it really seems like you used to know a lot of
assholes. I sure hope that was a compliment.”
Kiryu chuckled. “Heh. Don’t worry. It was.” His face softened as he looked a bit past Kasuga. For
just a moment, he felt as though there were another presence with him. Second chances, huh…? he
thought to himself. Yeah… that sounds good to me.
Haruka and the others approached the two dragons. “What are you two talking about?” she asked.
Kiryu glanced at Kasuga. “About the old days,” he replied.
Kasuga tilted his head. “Huh? I guess, yeah. Kind of. Anyway. You guys ready to get back to it?”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. We’re getting close, right?”
Kasuga gave a thumbs up. “Yeah, not much more to go. If I remember right, it’s at the end of the
next area.”
Kaito sighed and rolled his shoulders. “Good. I’m tired of mazes.”
The party fell in behind Haruka, who pushed onward into the next area.

~The Fools~
“By the way…” Kiryu said as Haruka led the party through the halls. “I noticed you and Kasuga
fight pretty similarly, Haruka. What’s that about?”
Haruka’s eyes widened slightly. “Oh, uh…”
Kasuga grinned. “Heh. We fight like the heroes do,” he answered for her. “In RPGs and stuff.”
Kiryu furrowed his brow. “RPG…? Like a video game?”
Haruka nodded. “Ah… yeah… I picked up the habit back in Ijincho. I’m not a fighter, so… it’s a
lot easier if I take my time with my moves, and imagine things like a video game. Saeko put the
idea into my head.”
Kasuga smirked. “Sa-chan, eh…? Sounds like I’m rubbin’ off on her! You know, when she isn’t,
uh, ghosting me.”
“Couple of fools, you are…” Kaito snickered. “It does sound fun though.”
“Y’know, Haruka-chan, you don’t actually seem like much of a gamer,” Kasuga said, intrigued. He
scratched his chin. “Not quite like I was, anyway. So. Spill. What’s your poison? Don’t tell me it’s
Dragon Quest.”
Haruka shook her head. “Mm-mm. Persona.”
Kasuga frowned. “Per-what now?”
“It’s a little old too,” Haruka admitted. “They came out in the late nineties. And they only made a
few of them. Shin Megami Tensei: Persona, and two sequels, Innocent Sin and Eternal Punishment.
Still… I remember playing them at Morning Glory, on Shiro’s PlayStation. They’re a lot of fun.”
She hummed and put a finger to her chin. “I wonder if they’d ever make a third one…? Probably
not after Innocent Sin Online, the MMO, flopped and had to shut down back in 2010…”
Kiryu blinked. “MMO? What is—?” he sighed. “You know what? I’m sorry I asked.”
“You don’t get it, Kiryu-san,” Kasuga laughed. “Games teach you about life!”
“Do they teach you how to get a job and pay rent?” Kiryu deadpanned.
Kasuga’s smile faded. “Ah…”
Kaito chuckled. “Nah, but if you wanna know a Slime’s weakness, ask Kasuga or Haruka-chan.”
Kiryu squinted. “…What the hell is a Slime…?”
Kasuga chuckled. “Come on man, you grew up in the 80s. The glory days of arcade gaming! Don’t
tell me you don’t have a guilty pleasure.”
Kiryu was silent for a moment, his expression unreadable as the party walked. Finally, he answered
“Virtua Fighter 2.”
Kasuga tilted his head. “…Really?”

Kiryu nodded. “It came out the year before I went to prison. I would rush to finish collections early
in the day, just so I could go to the arcade and spend the rest of my night training. Even today, if I
walk past a Club SEGA and I see it… I can’t stop myself from going in for a couple of sets.”
Kasuga blinked, then laughed. “…Y’know, I guess I sort of figured you’d be a fighting games guy.”
Finally, the party arrived at their destination; a pair of double doors leading into the Omi Alliance’s
former audience chamber. Without hesitating, Haruka gripped the handles and pushed the door
open. She gasped at the sight as the others filed in behind her. Taichi’s eyes widened.
“Ch-Chihiro!” he yelled out.
Chihiro knelt on the floor. Her ankles were bound, as were her wrists behind her back. She glanced
up at them, but couldn’t actually crane her head up, as the barrel of a gun was pressed against the
back of her skull. Akira Mabuchi, holding the gun, stood tall above her, and smirked at the new
arrivals.
“Welcome, ‘heroes’,” he snarled. “You’re just in time for the show.”
Kasuga clenched his fists. “You bastard…!” he growled, glaring at the man.
Chihiro glanced at everyone who had arrived. “Why…” she muttered under her breath. “Why did
you follow me?”
Taichi stepped forward. “Don’t worry Chihiro-chan, we’re going to—!”
Mabuchi cocked the gun’s hammer. “Not another step,” he growled. “If you get close, the girl’s last
thoughts get painted on the floor.”
“Like they give a shit, you idiot,” Chihiro said with a slight snarl. “I’m a traitor. They’ll be glad to
be rid of me.”
Mabuchi’s smirk returned, slowly crawling up his face. “Then why’d they follow you all this way?”
he asked. “You know what I’d have done, if I didn’t give a shit? I’d have taken my ass back to
Yokohama.” He pulled his gun from Chihiro’s head and waved it lazily. “Right? I mean… you got
the kid back. The day is saved. You’ve got no other business here. And yet, here’s that moron
Ichiban Kasuga, here to save the day yet again.”
His eyes drifted to Haruka. “And you must be Haruka Sawamura. I gotta admit, I’m surprised you
showed up. I mean, Kasuga, I almost expected. But this treacherous bitch almost got your son
killed.” He sneered and pressed the gun back against Chihiro’s head. “Frankly, I thought you’d be
HAPPY to see the life leave her eyes. Could it be… that’s why you came?”
Haruka narrowed her eyes. “I’m here to get my sister out of here.”
Chihiro’s eyes widened. She let out a sharp gasp. “Haruka… how can you even call me that? You
idiot… you said it yourself. We’re not sisters. Just strangers with the same genes.”
Haruka nodded. “Maybe so. But I’m still not about to let you die.”
Chihiro shook her head. “Haruka…” she said, her breath trembling, “…don’t you get it? If I don’t
die here, I’ll always be a threat to you. You’ll have to spend the rest of your life looking over your

shoulder, wondering when I’m going to be there. Wondering… when I’m going to put another knife
in your back.”
Kasuga sighed, rubbing the back of his neck. “Sheesh, Chihiro-chan… does it really gotta be that
way? ‘Cause I gotta be honest with you… I don’t think that’s who you are.”
“And what the hell do you know about me?!” Chihiro spat. She sighed, and her head slumped back
down. “It doesn’t matter, anyway…” she muttered, her eyes sliding to Kiryu. “He’s here to kill me.
Daidoji’s orders. Right?”
Kiryu didn’t immediately react, though his hard stare seemed to soften. “It is true that I was ordered
to either deal with you, or bring you to Kyoto so you could be dealt with,” he admitted, before
jerking his head to Haruka. “But do you really think I was ordered to make contact with her? No.
That was… strategic disobedience on my part.” He smirked, only slightly. “When this is over, I
might be just as screwed as you are.”
Mabuchi blinked. “And who exactly are you?”
Kiryu rolled his shoulders. “Just an old fool trying to do right by the people he’s hurt.”
Mabuchi snorted. “Right.” His eyes flicked to Yagami. “And this creep?”
Yagami crossed his arms. “Takayuki Yagami. I’m a detective. Actually, we met once before. You
sicced your dogs on me, then turned and left before you could even see how that turned out. Kind
of rude, honestly.”
He put his hands in his pockets and strolled around the room a bit, not even flinching when
Mabuchi snapped his aim to him. “You’re ex-Liumang, right? Your old colleague, Tesso, is actually
a friend of mine. Good guy. Gotta say, I’m disappointed you don’t measure up.”
Mabuchi sneered. “Cute.” He glanced at Kaito, at Sugiura, and at Taichi. “These your backup
dancers? Who’s the kid?”
Taichi grinned. “You wanna hear something real embarrassing? I’m just some guy. I don’t have a
cool backstory or a tragic past like everyone else. I’m just an orphan that looked up to Kazuma
Kiryu, the coolest dad in the world. And he taught me…” he said, placing a fist over his heart, “to
see the best in people!” He turned to Chihiro. “That’s why I’m here for you, Chihiro-chan.”
Chihiro’s eyes watered. She blinked her tears away and looked down at the floor, refusing to even
make eye contact with Taichi. “Idiot… I used you! Why are you like this?! Everything that
happened between us, it was all a trick! Don’t you get that?!”
Taichi’s smile softened, but didn’t disappear. “Look me in the eyes and tell me that. Tell me it was
all a lie. If you can do that, I’ll honor your wish, and walk out right now.”
Chihiro glanced back up at Taichi. Into his eyes. His kind, dumb, innocent eyes. “Tch…
dumbass…”
She couldn’t do it. She stared back down at the floor, unable to say anything else.
Taichi’s smile grew. Then, his eyes hardened, and he turned back to Mabuchi. “Hand her over,
Mabuchi. We’re all ready to walk out of here. Nobody has to get their butts kicked over this.” He

shrugged. “But we’ve already kicked a lot of ass to get here, so we’re not opposed to adding one
more to the count.”
Mabuchi studied him, then grinned. “Heh. You got guts, kid. A shame you think this is some kind
of fairy tale.” He pressed his gun back against Chihiro’s head. “You think you’re some kind of
hero? Like you’re on your way to your happy ending, happily ever after? Happily ever after don’t
exist, kid.”
Taichi groaned, rubbing the back of his neck. “Yeah, I was worried you’d say that. It can’t be easy,
huh?”
Kasuga chuckled. “Never is, Taichi-kun.”
Mabuchi flicked the safety off. “Say goodbye to the girl, you morons.”
Kiryu glanced urgently at Yagami, who nodded. Without a second thought, Yagami darted forward,
running towards Mabuchi. Mabuchi’s eyes widened, and he turned his gun from Chihiro and
towards Yagami. He fired off two rounds, which the detective expertly ducked under.
Hearing Kiryu yell out, Mabuchi turned toward the dragon, fired off two shots in his direction.
Kiryu reacted quickly, grabbing a nearby triad and holding him up in front of the bullet. The goon
took two in the chest. Shocked, he glanced up at Kiryu, as if to ask “Why?!” Kiryu shrugged "Sorry," - then tossed the injured man aside, grabbed Mabuchi’s wrist, and redirected his arm up,
causing him to squeeze two more rounds into the ceiling.
Haruka moved quickly as well, grabbing the saber that the bleeding triad dropped and swinging it
vertically at Chihiro’s back, cleanly slicing her bindings. She dropped the saber and knelt down,
pulling the loosened ropes off, then found herself on the receiving end of an elbow to the face,
knocking her down. “Ah!”
“Idiot!” Chihiro spat as she stood up and shoved Haruka away. “Why did you do that?! I didn’t ask
you to help me!”
Haruka fell on her ass and brought a finger up to her bleeding nose. “It’s the right thing to do,” she
said calmly as she wiped the blood away and stood up. “Did you want to die here? Don’t answer
that, because you don’t really get a say in the matter.”
Growling, Mabuchi elbowed Yagami in the face and pistol whipped Kiryu, knocking them both
over. “You just didn’t know when to give up!” he snarled as he impulsively turned the gun to
Haruka. “Die!”
Chihiro’s eyes widened. “Haruka!” She threw her arms out and jumped in front of the gun right as
Mabuchi pulled the trigger, a deafening crack echoing through the room.
Kiryu’s eyes shot open. He looked towards the two girls, as did everyone else. “Haruka!” he
exclaimed, his chest tightening.
Haruka’s eyes widened. “Chihiro!” she exclaimed.
Chihiro held perfectly still, her eyes wide, her breath shaky. A tear rolled down her cheek. “No…”
she muttered, horrified.

Because although she intended to take the bullet for Haruka, neither of them had been hit.
Instead, Taichi stood in front of her, his arms wide, dark crimson slowly seeping into his blazer.
Kiryu’s heart sank. “TAICHI!!!”
Taichi grinned through the pain, his eyes twitching and watering as he tried his damnedest not to
howl. “Ngh… Didn’t think that through…” he hissed through grit teeth. He collapsed onto his
knees, his hand flying to the wound on his chest.
Chihiro knelt by his side, and Haruka knelt at his other side. “Why… why did you do that?!”
Chihiro demanded, tears flowing. “You don’t even know me! Why would you—?!”
Taichi chuckled, his breath shallow. “Same reason I dive into burning buildings. Same reason you
jumped in front of Haruka just now. It’s the right thing to do.”
Kiryu and Kasuga rushed to be with the group, momentarily forgetting all about Mabuchi, which
the latter found eye roll inducing. “Taichi…” Kiryu whispered as he surveyed the damage. His
heart rate slowed just a tad as he surmised the wound wouldn’t be fatal, if he got help fast. “Missed
your heart by an inch…” he said, choking back tears. This is exactly what he didn’t want. This is
why he disappeared.
Kasuga grinned, sniffling. “H-hey, you hear that, Taichi-kun? You’re gonna be okay, man. Just
hang in there!” His face turned serious, and he turned his head to Yagami, Kaito, and Sugiura. “Get
him to Akame’s,” he ordered. “Nanba used to be a nurse. He’ll know what to do.”
Yagami nodded. “You got it.” Carefully, he and Kaito helped Taichi up onto his feet.
“Can ya walk?” Kaito asked as he steadied the boy.
“I- I think so…” Taichi rasped.
Kaito nodded. “Good. Let’s get you some medical attention.” The trio carefully but swiftly led
Taichi to the door, Kaito head butting and knocking out a triad who dared get in the way. “Outta the
way!” he barked.
The door slammed behind them. Chihiro’s hands trembled. She looked down at her palms.
Taichi’s blood covered them.
Mabuchi chuckled. “Like I said. Happily ever after? Doesn’t exist. Too bad the kid had to learn that
the hard way.”
Chihiro clenched her fists. “Shut up…” she muttered.
Mabuchi’s grin disappeared. “The hell’d you say?”
Chihiro stood up, turning to him. Haruka’s eyes widened, as did Kiryu’s.
“Chihiro…?” Haruka said softly.
“Shut. The fuck. Up,” Chihiro managed to rasp out, the tears in her eyes quickly replaced by
burning rage. “You… shot him!”

Mabuchi shrugged. “Wasn’t aiming for him. He got in my way. Not my problem.”
“I’m going to make it your fucking problem!” Chihiro screamed as she approached him. The triads
backing up Mabuchi raised their sabers, pointing them at Chihiro. “Anybody standing between me
and him dies!” she barked defiantly.
“Oh, come on,” Mabuchi groaned, shaking his head. “Don’t tell me you had actually fallen for the
boy.” He grinned. “What do you intend to do? Kill me? You don’t have it in you.”
Kiryu stood up as well, his fists clenched, just as much rage burning in his eyes. Gone was the stern
glare of a fighter who wished he was a pacifist. All that remained was disdain. Disgust. Pure hatred.
A similar look entered Haruka’s eyes. Kasuga didn’t look too happy either.
Evidently, Mabuchi found this hilarious. “Heh. Alright. Game on,” he muttered as he reached for a
polearm that rested against the wall, spinning it in his hand and pointing it towards the party. “I
really don’t have a problem with killing all four of you.”
Kiryu’s glare hardened into a snarl. “MABUCHI!” he roared as he threw a punch so hard it could
have shattered concrete; a triad grabbed his fist, blocking the blow, though the Dragon drew up his
other fist and smashed it against the man’s skull, sending him down.
Another brought his saber down towards Kiryu, which Kasuga blocked with his bat, before
directing a push kick to his stomach, sending him stumbling back.
Chihiro rushed Mabuchi, who jumped back, spinning his polearm at her feet. She jumped over the
blade, and Haruka took this opportunity to attack with a running kick. Clenching his fist, Mabuchi
quickly uppercutted the air, blocking Haruka’s boot with the back of his hand before it made
contact with his face.
AKIRA MABUCHI
Saio Triad

Chapter 82: Impromptu for the War Maker
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Haruka, Kasuga, Kiryu, and Chihiro faced off against Akira Mabuchi and four of his triad goons,
who transformed as the battle began in earnest.
“Mabuchi!” Kiryu roared.
“This guy was always rotten…” Kasuga sighed, shaking his head. “Guess I’m just glad Zhao’s not
here right now, ‘cause he’d have already put a bullet in this asshole’s head.”
“I’ll put two,” Chihiro growled.
“What’s that spear he’s using?” Haruka asked. “It doesn’t look like a naginata.”
Kasuga racked his brain in vain. “Ah, you know, I… wasn’t really listening when Adachi-san
explained it to me last time. It’s some kinda ancient Chinese hero’s weapon.”
“It’s a guandao,” Chihiro explained. “Or a ‘yanyuedao’. It was wielded by lots of Chinese folk
heroes. Invented by the general Guan Yu in the third century. At least, according to legend.
Realistically it couldn’t have been used by him, since the design first showed up in the eleventh
century.”
Kasuga grinned. “Hey, you know a lot about Chinese history, huh, Chihiro-chan?”
Chihiro glared at him, and was silent for a moment. “…I’m Chinese,” she deadpanned.
Kasuga winced. “R-right, sorry…”
“I suppose it doesn’t really matter what it is,” Haruka reasoned. “I’m going to break it in half when
we’re done here.”
Mabuchi chuckled and stepped behind his goons, refusing to even dignify this fight with his
presence. “Go ahead and try, kid,” he laughed. “[Kill the girl first!]” he ordered in Mandarin. He
spun his guandao and tapped its base on the ground twice, buffing his allies; each one saw an
immediate increase in attack power.
MABUCHI’S GOONS
The battlefield between the party and Mabuchi was occupied by four Sujimon; two claw-wielding
Chinese Mafia Officers, one shirtless, bare-handed Kung Fu Master, and one Mystery Meatsmith,
who waved his meat cleaver menacingly.
“You know, I just thought about somethin’,” Kasuga muttered. “If Haruka-chan and I are seeing the
same enemies, does that mean we’re like, seeing another reality?”
“What are you even talking about…?” Kiryu sighed. He moved first. He began the fight in his
Brawler style, approaching the Kung Fu Master and attacking with a right straight, a right kick, and
a left uppercut, finishing with a wheel kick that knocked the enemy down.

Said enemy quickly stood up and attacked Haruka with a right hook and a wide roundhouse kick,
knocking her down. “Ah!” she yelled out as she sprawled out on the floor. “They’re not holding
back…” she grumbled as she stood back up.
Chihiro was up next. “Get ready for this one,” she growled. As was the case when she fought
alongside Kasuga in Okinawa, and against Haruka outside the Kirijo Group warehouse, her Agent
job allowed her to use a variety of slick martial arts skills that could keep her enemies at a distance,
mostly originating from Changquan. She demonstrated by approaching the Mystery Meatsmith and
attacking with a rapid rush combo consisting of a flurry of punches at nigh impossible speed,
striking fast and hard several times, before finishing with a spinning backfist which sent the man
stumbling backwards.
Haruka moved next, hitting the Kung Fu Master with a right mid kick, before dropping to the floor
and launching him with a split kick, then twisting on her toe and leaping into the air with a jump
kick; her foot made contact with the back of his skull at the peak of his arc, causing him to spin like
a pinwheel as he screamed and flew into the wall, dealing extra damage.
“New moves, Haruka-chan?” Kasuga asked with a grin.
“I’m still figuring it out,” Haruka replied.
Kasuga pumped a fist. “Cool!” He moved to the center of the pack with Giga Swing, a spinning
motion with his bat that knocked the Meatsmith and the two Officers over.
The Officers quickly stood up. One approached Kasuga with his clawed gloves raised and slashed
at him. The other attacked Chihiro with a slash and then a kick. Unbeknownst to her enemies,
attacks on her played to her advantage, so long as they didn’t kill her; every time she took damage,
rage bubbled up a little more inside of her.
This would become important later.
Finally, the Mystery Meatsmith attacked Chihiro with his cleaver, building her rage up even more.
“Let’s do this!” Kiryu exclaimed as his turn approached. Switching into his Rush style, he attacked
one of the Chinese Mafia Officers with a flurry of lightning fast boxing blows, then used his second
action to turn to the other one, running at him and attacking with a right hook and a left
roundhouse, sending the man sprawling back.
The Kung Fu Master, still holding on after having been attacked by both Kiryu and Haruka, turned
to Chihiro and attacked with a right elbow, a left mid kick, and a right roundhouse, sending her
stumbling back.
“You’re really starting to piss me off…!” she grumbled as her rage neared its boiling point. She
approached the Mystery Meatsmith and attacked with a Disarming Palm to his wrist, smacking his
cleaver from his hand and forcing him to have to awkwardly pick it back up. This attack did
minimal damage, but lowered his next turn’s attack power significantly.
Haruka approached the Kung Fu Master once more and attacked with Épaulement, a dance move
she learned from Kan Ogita back in 2012. She grabbed her enemy’s hand as if she were about to
dance with him, struck a pose, then pulled herself close to him, elbowing his face as she came in.
She finished with a wide roundhouse to his skull, knocking him down and out.

Only three enemies, besides Mabuchi, remained on the battlefield. Kasuga decided to remove one
more, teaming up with Kiryu for a tag team attack. He clenched his fist with a grin. “You ready,
Kiryu-san?”
Kiryu smirked and clenched his own fist. “Hmph.” Both pulled their fists back, ready to attack.
TAG TEAM: DOUBLE DRAGONS
He and Kasuga attacked the Chinese Mafia Officer with a synchronized punch to his solar plexus,
sending him flying backwards and knocking him out. “Try a little harder next time,” Kiryu taunted
flatly.
The remaining Officer was still focused on Chihiro, slashing her repeatedly with his claws. The
Mystery Meatsmith followed suit, slashing at her with his cleaver.
This, it turned out, would be their downfall, as that last attack finally caused her rage to reach its
boiling point. “You’re going to regret that!” she barked.
Kiryu’s turn came back around, which he used to pass Haruka a Staminan Royale. “Thanks,” she
said with a nod as she drank up, restoring her health and stamina.
Chihiro couldn’t hold it in anymore. Her rage boiled over. She clutched her head with both hands
and let out a heavy breath. “You all… really don’t know when to quit!” she exclaimed, her voice
breaking and her hands shaking. “Fine! I won’t hold back anymore!” In a single fluid motion, she
ripped her blazer off, revealing her sleek and form fitting blue dress shirt underneath, as well as two
holstered karambits.
“Damn… that’s the look of a killer,” Kasuga muttered in astonishment.
“Something tells me the enemy’s about to regret that…” Kiryu added.
Chihiro had now entered Awakened Rage Stance, which allowed her access to a new set of
powerful bladed skills for as long as she could keep her anger strong. Too many soothing actions—
for example, healing—would quell her rage, forcing her to return to her Changeuan stance; as such,
she opted to remain low health, for now.
She started this new stance off strong by turning to the Mystery Meatsmith with Cross Slash,
consisting of a diagonal slash with one blade, another with the other, and a combined X-shaped
slash which dealt critical damage, defeating the enemy.
Because the last attack ended with a critical, Chihiro’s Hunter’s Instinct allowed her to keep the
momentum going, and she took another action, this time using Deep Cut, tossing a blade in the air
and roundhouse kicking it into the Officer’s chest. Normally this would have guaranteed bleed
damage, but as she yanked her blade out of his chest, he fell over, unconscious, leaving only
Mabuchi on the battlefield.
Mabuchi clicked his tongue. “Tch. You’ve forced my hand….” He spun his guandao and pointed it
at the party with a smirk. “Playtime’s over!”
AKIRA MABUCHI
Saio Triad

The battlefield shifted again, and a bright flash of light surrounded him, signaling his entry into the
battle proper. “Nobody to hide behind now, asshole…” Kasuga muttered with a smirk. “This guy’s
no slouch… but we can take him.”
Chihiro narrowed her eyes. “You better hope Taichi’s okay, Mabuchi…”
Mabuchi chuckled. “That dumb kid took a bullet for someone who wouldn’t hesitate to sell him
down a river. He’s not a hero; he’s an idiot. And soon you’ll all join him in Hell!”
“Fuck you!” Chihiro spat.
“You’re going to regret everything you’ve done tonight, Mabuchi…” Kiryu snarled. He switched
back to his Brawler stance and hit the bastard with a launching uppercut, following up with a
roundhouse kick that sent him sprawling on the floor. Mabuchi stood up and retaliated with two
slashes from his guandao, which Kiryu blocked.
Chihiro moved next, hitting Mabuchi with a Cross Slash. As her blades came down on him in an
“X” shape, he started to bleed, guaranteeing damage over time.
Haruka followed up by pulling out two glowsticks. She thrust both of them at Mabuchi in an
upwards motion, which didn’t do much as he was a bit too big for her to launch; she then
roundhouse kicked him, sending him staggering backwards slightly.
Kasuga attacked with a Ruffian’s Kick, forcefully pushing his foot against Mabuchi, dealing critical
damage and sending him backwards.
Kiryu’s turn came back around, and while Mabuchi was still on the ground, he decided to run at
him and kick him as hard as he could.
Mabuchi stood up and glared at the party. “Lie down and die already!” he growled as he spun his
staff. A fiery red aura surrounded him as his attack raised.
“Whoa, check out this guy’s aura,” Kasuga said, eyes widening. “His next attack’s gonna hit hard!”
Chihiro tilted her head. “His… aura?”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah, he’s got something big planned. I can feel it!”
Chihiro scoffed and shook her head. “Are you two high?”
“Don’t underestimate him, Chihiro,” Kiryu chastised. “His aura shows he means business.”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Huh? You see it too, Kiryu-san?”
Kiryu looked confused. “Should I not?”
Chihiro shook her head. “Unbelievable…” she muttered. She then moved, deciding to exhaust all
of her rage with a flashy and extreme special attack. “Hope you’re ready!” she snarled, as she
flipped her karambits in her hands.
In her imaginary arena, it was just her and Mabuchi. She lowered her stance. “It’s time you learn
what pain truly is!” She dashed, faster than lightning, seemingly blinking out of existence for only
a moment before suddenly appearing behind Mabuchi. “Trust me; it really is personal,” she

growled as she slashed his back in an X shape, a ludicrous amount of blood spraying from his back
as he yelled out in pain.
She then hooked one of the blades into his back and yanked, spinning him around like a spinning
top. On one rotation, she punched his face; on another, she kicked it. These strikes sped him up,
making him nauseous with his impossibly fast spinning. She then held out one of her blades, the
momentum of his spins causing him to be cut on the blade over, and over, and over again. She then
flipped the blade so its curved end went against the flow, stopping him suddenly as the blade
hooked into his chest once more.
“H-huh?!” Mabuchi exclaimed, excruciating pain coming from his chest.
Chihiro’s lips curled up into a cruel smirk.
ESSENCE OF TRUE PAIN
“Never forget,” she started, lifting her foot in preparation for a roundhouse kick, “how MUCH this
hurts!” She kicked him, hard, in the face. The impact caused his body to move against the blade,
tearing out a nice chunk of flesh as he finally broke free from it.
“Agh!” he yelled out as he flew backwards, blood spraying from his chest wound, and fell onto the
floor, clutching his chest.
Chihiro breathed heavily and dropped her blades, all of her rage dissipating in that moment.
Suddenly, her blazer was back on, and she had returned to her original stance.
Mabuchi was severely damaged, but with his attack boost still active, he knew he was inches from
victory. He stood up straight and returned to his stance. Haruka knew better than to chance it, and
opted simply to guard until her next turn. Kasuga also guarded, not liking the bloodthirsty look in
Mabuchi’s eyes.
Chihiro raised an eyebrow. “What are you doing? Finish him!” she complained.
Kasuga shook his head. “If it’s all the same to you, Chihiro-chan, I’m gonna wait this one out.”
Kiryu, similarly, put up his guard, leaving Chihiro as the only vulnerable one.
Mabuchi smirked, then slammed his guandao on the ground, the shockwave damaging everyone,
but Chihiro even more so, as she wasn’t guarding. He then spun the staff in a circular motion,
hitting everyone in the party once, then twice, then three times. Haruka, Kasuga, and Kiryu took
minimal damage thanks to their foresight; Chihiro, on the other hand…
Mabuchi finished his attack by slamming the blade on the ground, hard, loosing another shockwave
that did the most damage of all. To Chihiro, this proved fatal. “You’ll… regret… that…!” she
gasped out as she fell to the ground, defeated, leaving only the other three on the field.
“Tried to warn her…” Kasuga muttered with a sigh.
Haruka’s turn came around next. She used her turn selflessly, approaching Chihiro and kneeling by
her side. “This is no time to be dead!” she exclaimed. She pulled out a Revival Bolus and shoved it
down Chihiro’s throat, resurrecting her with half health.
Chihiro stood up and shuddered, shaking the death out of her body. “Thanks…” she muttered.

Kasuga, realizing they couldn’t take any more hits like that without winding up in a rather
annoying loop of dying, reviving, and dying again—the bane of Heroes everywhere—decided that
this battle was ending with him. He held his bat up triumphantly. “Let’s do it together!” he
shouted.
TAG TEAM: ESSENCE OF MASS DESTRUCTION
Kiryu attacked first, the dragon on his back emitting an ethereal glow beneath his suit as he
clenched his fist. “If you want to die… then step up!” he exclaimed as he punched Mabuchi as hard
as he could in the jaw.
This sent Mabuchi backwards into Haruka, who kicked him in the chest, then spun and roundhouse
kicked him in the face, sending him stumbling back into Chihiro…
…who again caught him with a blade. She ripped the blade out, then kicked him to the floor.
Mabuchi fell face first onto the floor, then slowly stood back up, looking up at the four standing
before him, all ready for the final charge.
“We’re taking over!” Kasuga exclaimed as he jumped into the air with his bat raised, before
slamming it down onto the ground, which cracked beneath Mabuchi’s feet. Suddenly, the floor
opened up, and an ethereal koi exploded through the opening, sending Mabuchi into the air.
It transformed into a dragon mid ascent, and then exploded into a ball of flame, taking Mabuchi
down with it.
Akira Mabuchi was defeated. He fell onto one knee, his face blooded. He spat a mixture of phlegm
and blood onto the ground and huffed, his breath escaping him as he glared up at the quartet. “Do
you think you’ve won?” he rasped out, his face reddening with rage. “Newsflash; I’m still going to
kill you, right where you stand!”
Kiryu’s face hardened, and he marched to Mabuchi, clenching his fists. He yelled out as he
delivered a swift, powerful kick to the man’s face, breaking his nose.
“Fuck!” Mabuchi exclaimed as he flew backwards. He struggled to get back up. It didn’t matter.
Kiryu approached him again, and kicked him again, even harder this time, sending Mabuchi rolling
onto his back.
Kiryu stepped over him, snarled, and stomped on his face. If his nose wasn’t broken before, it was
now. “Your big mouth seems to be getting you in a lot of trouble,” Kiryu growled, his tone low and
dangerous. “I’d learn to shut it, before it kills you.”
“Fuck you…” Mabuchi spat, more blood escaping his lips, though whether it came from his mouth
originally, or whether it had trailed from his nose and ended up there was anyone’s guess.
Kiryu grabbed Mabuchi by his hair, pulled him up, and punched him in the face, which was
beginning to become unrecognizable with how swollen it was getting. “Taichi never hurt anyone,”
Kiryu growled. “What gives you the right to hurt him?!”
Mabuchi heaved. “He… he got in the way…!” he excused, unable to stand. “I was aiming for her!”
he said, looking towards Chihiro. “She’ll stab you in the back, soon as you give her a chance! You
all should be thanking me!”

“You were aiming for me,” Haruka corrected. “Don’t pretend there was any good reason; you just
wanted to hurt somebody. It didn’t matter who.”
Mabuchi ignored her, still glaring at Chihiro. “If that boy hadn’t gotten in the way… that
treacherous bitch would be in the ground by now. She’s nothing but a rat who’d eat her own if it
kept her fed for another day! She deserves to die…”
“That ain’t for you to decide,” Kasuga retorted. “Nobody’s got that right.”
Mabuchi narrowed his eyes at Kasuga, but decided the gorilla standing over him was worth more of
his attention. He looked up at Kiryu.
Nothing but pure, unfiltered disgust inhabited his eyes. This terrified Mabuchi. “Who… who even
are you?” he asked.
Kiryu’s fists clenched, his knuckles cracking as he weighed what to do with this man. “You think
yourself a king, Akira Mabuchi… but you’re not a king. You’re not even a kingmaker. All you
are… is a joke. Another pain in my ass, not even worth the dirt on the sole of my shoe. And if it
weren’t for the fact that you keep trying to hurt people I care about, you’d continue to be nothing.
Little baby Mabuchi, can’t even keep hold of a Chinatown in Yokohama. How did you think you’d
be able to rule the world?”
Mabuchi’s eyes widened. Suddenly, he choked out a laugh, a terrified, pathetic laugh, and shook his
head. “You won’t kill me. You- you can’t!” he said, though it sounded like he wasn’t totally
convinced.
Kiryu tilted his head ever so slightly. “Oh? And why is that?”
Mabuchi gestured to Kasuga. “Because you’re with that goody two-shoes. Everyone knows that
anyone who hangs out with that idiot is soft. You expect me to believe you’re any different?”
Kiryu’s glare tightened. He clenched his fist. And with a yell, he pulled back, and threw a killing
blow directly downwards.
Haruka winced, as a sickening crack emanated from Kiryu’s fist.
…
Mabuchi’s eyes were wide open, his voice quivering, his whole body shaking. He had pissed
himself, his white pants darkening visibly.
Kiryu’s fist sat embedded in the floor next to him, the wood splintered from the force of his strike,
his knuckles bleeding.
Kiryu had missed by only inches.
Kiryu leaned in close. “Don’t mistake restraint for weakness,” he warned, his voice low. “Kasuga is
one of the lucky ones. His heart is pure. His soul is clean. Me? I’m not so lucky. I could spend the
rest of my life walking side by side with him, learning his ways, studying his every move. But no
matter how much I learn from him… it’ll never cleanse these hands.”
Kasuga’s eyes softened. “Kiryu-san…”

Haruka frowned, her eyes growing sad. “Uncle Kaz…”
Kiryu pulled his bloodied fist out of the wood and stood up straight. Crimson dripped from his
knuckles onto the floor. “I’ve never been a saint. I can change my name, erase my past, run from
my sins all I want. At the end of the day… I’ll always be Yakuza.”
As Kiryu spoke, Mabuchi slowly reached for his jacket pocket, where his handgun was still stowed
away. Just a little further… His trembling fingers found the grip, and he quickly pulled it out.
Kiryu was faster.
The Dragon grabbed Mabuchi’s wrist—“Ah!”—and smacked the gun out of his hand. It soared
through the air, before landing and skidding across the ground…
…right at Chihiro’s feet.
She stared at it.
And it stared back.
One shot, she thought. One shot… and he won’t be able to hurt anyone else. She slowly bent down
and picked it up.
Kasuga turned to her. “Eh? Chihiro-chan…?”
Chihiro’s face hardened. Her hand snapped up, aiming straight for Mabuchi’s head. Her hand
trembled. “Mabuchi…” she said, her voice trembling. “You’re dangerous. As long as you continue
to live, you’ll keep hurting people. This… is for Taichi.”
Kasuga quickly put a hand over the gun’s barrel. “Hey. Calm down,” he said, his voice soft. “Look
at him, man. He can barely move. Dude pissed his pants. He’s not a threat to us anymore.”
Chihiro shook her head. “He… he killed Taichi.”
Kasuga’s brow furrowed. “You don’t know that, Chihiro-chan. Don’t do this. Don’t be like him.
Don’t let him turn you into something you’re not.”
Chihiro let out a choked laugh, shaking her head again. “I’m tainted, just like Kiryu.”
“You think so because you shot the homeless chief, right?” Haruka asked. “Chihiro, Mabuchi did
that. Not you. He forced your hands onto that gun. But if you shoot Mabuchi now… You’ll really
be tainted.”
Chihiro’s eyes filled with tears. Her aim wavered. “Tch… ngh…!”
Kasuga smiled at her. “Hey. You’re okay. Come on, put the gun down.” She did not. Her finger
tightened around the trigger. He. Frowned. “Chihiro-chan… please…”
Suddenly, Kaito and Yagami burst into the room, out of breath. “Guys… hah…” Kaito huffed.
“Good news… Taichi’s gonna make it. Nanba got the bullet out, stitched him up. The worst is past
him.”

Kiryu’s shoulders relaxed. Chihiro let out a soft sigh. Her grip on the gun loosened. Tears flowed
from her eyes, and Kasuga was able to gently wrest it from her. Released the mag, popped the
chambered round, and tore the firing mechanism from the gun, rendering it useless.
“Looks like we came just in time,” Yagami chuckled. He looked around the room. “Everyone
alright?”
Kiryu glanced at Yagami, then looked back down at Mabuchi, who trembled. “He’s a little worse
for wear… but he’ll live,” he said of the terrified man beneath him. “You got lucky, Mabuchi,” he
continued. “Really lucky. If Taichi hadn’t survived the night… you wouldn’t have either.”
He turned from Mabuchi and walked away from him, pausing a few steps away. “…You better
hope you don’t run into me again,” he warned. “It would be bad for your health.” He pushed past
Yagami and stepped out into the hall.
Kaito watched Kiryu go, then glanced at Yagami. “So, what’s next? We callin’ the cops?” Haruka
raised an eyebrow at him, an unamused look on her face. “Oh, right… might be a bad idea, given
our situation, huh?”
Haruka crossed her arms. “Probably.”
Kasuga chuckled, then strolled towards Mabuchi. “You really fucked up tonight… Y’know?”
Mabuchi’s eyes narrowed. “What… what are you…?”
“I mean… you pissed a lot of people off tonight,” Kasuga explained. “I mean, there’s us, for one,
and I really don’t wanna know what my friend there would do to you if he ever saw you again.” A
slightly more serious look entered his eyes. “Then there’s Zhao. Your old boss. Lemme tell you, he
was ready to ice you. The fact that he’s not here? Huge lucky break for you.”
He crouched down to Mabuchi’s level, grinning again. “Then… there’s the Saio Triad.”
Mabuchi’s eyes widened. “H-huh?!”
“I mean… shit, you basically failed them twice over!” he chuckled. “Ya failed to secure the heir.
You failed to keep her,” he gestured to Chihiro, “in check… And you basically flat out admitted
that you were using their money and their manpower to enrich yourself and establish yourself at the
top of the underground totem pole.”
He stood up. “Kowloon’s not gonna take too kindly to that, I think. I mean… if you had the right
blood, you might have been able to weasel your way out of serious punishment. But, alas… you
don’t.” He craned his head to Haruka and Chihiro. “They do. So maybe they could put in a good
word for you. Somehow, though, I doubt they’re in the mood to do you any favors.”
He put a finger to his chin, looking up at the ceiling in mock thought. “Your only other option… is
to disappear. Entirely.” His grin faded, replaced with a glare. “They’re gonna hunt you down,
Mabuchi. They gotta make an example out of you. Otherwise… others might get ideas. So, if I
were you? I’d leave town. Tonight. And never… ever come near Haruka-chan, Chihiro-chan, or
Haruto-kun again.”
Kasuga’s glare softened, and he shrugged. “But hey, I’m not, like, your mom or anything. You do
what you want.” He smirked, and looked over at the others. “We should get out of here. We caused

quite the commotion. Cops’ll probably be here soon.”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah.” She started walking towards the exit. Chihiro hesitated.
Kasuga crossed his arms. “Yo, Chihiro-chan. You can stick around and wait for the cops, if you
want, but hangin’ with us is a lot more fun. I promise.” He followed Haruka out, as did Yagami and
Kaito.
Chihiro turned to stare at Mabuchi, his face bloodied and swollen, the grim reality that he was
totally screwed slowly setting in. “I hope they skin you alive,” she scoffed, as she decided to follow
the others out.
Mabuchi watched them leave, glanced around at his unconscious followers, and let his head fall to
the floor. “…Fuck.”

Chapter End Notes

Sorry for the long wait! Took a break for Thanksgiving. Just a couple more chapters in
Sotenbori, and then we're FINALLY making our way back to Ijincho and Tokyo. Lotta good
stuff coming!
You may also have noticed but I tried to lean a BIT more into the idea that we're really seeing
inside of Haruka and Kasuga's JRPG delusions by actually naming moves and using proper
Sujimon names. Not certain if I like it, but we'll see what happens.

Chapter 83: Cold War
Kazuki Soma’s escort glided through the midnight traffic, the engine humming steadily as he left
Osaka’s city limits and headed east, towards Kanagawa. Soma himself lounged in the back seat,
one leg crossed over the other, as he sipped on red wine. “Oh, driver?” he said. “How long until
Isezaki Ijincho?”
The driver glanced at his GPS. “A little over five hours, now that we’ve hit the expressway. Might
as well try and get some rest. I’ll let you know when we cross into Kanagawa Prefecture.”
Soma chuckled, and sipped his wine. “I quite like a night drive, actually. I might just watch the
cities pass us by.”
The driver nodded. “As you wish, sir.”
Everything was proceeding nicely. Soma had established total dominance over Kihei Hanawa, who
folded like wet paper, and Kazuma Kiryu, who was easily leashed once he knew what was at stake.
Chihiro Watanabe would be recovered soon enough. Kiryu, he knew, would be unable to kill her.
The so-called “Dragon” lacked the stomach to do the job. He was weak. That was fine. Soma
would do it himself, gladly.
Cleaning up messes was what he was best at, after all.
He allowed himself a small, self-satisfied sigh as he leaned back into his seat. His new career was
already going along swimmingly. He held his smartphone up to his face as he took another sip,
deciding to catch himself up on what had been happening in Kanto since his imprisonment and
subsequent recruitment by the Daidoji, settling on an article from the Tokyo-based news site
“Kamuro Daily”.
LITTLE ASIA REVIVAL PROJECT NEARS COMPLETION
A photograph of Tokyo’s governor, Saori Yoshida, standing beside Tokyo MPD CommissionerGeneral Akio Yamamoto, sat beneath the headline.
More than six years after the alleged yakuza-backed arson attack on Shinjuku’s Little Asia, for
which no suspect was ever apprehended, Tokyo Governor Saori Yoshida announces the district is
finally ready to reopen.
“We’re proud to say that we will be cutting the ribbon on this project, which has been years in the
making, next week,” Governor Yoshida said during a press conference with TMPD Commissioner
Akio Yamamoto (pictured above) this morning. “In completing this project, Kamurocho has won its
war against organized crime.”
Soma scoffed, but continued reading.
Organized crime and government corruption have been two areas of intense interest for the
Governor as she seeks to move past the shadow cast by the scandalous tenure of her predecessor,
the late Ryo Aoki, who was assassinated at the height of his scandals in 2019.

Yoshida, formerly aligned with Aoki through Bleach Japan before renouncing the group after his
assassinstion, won the 2020 election to replace him in an extraordinarily narrow three-way race
with then-ruling coalition backing, and she has struggled to guide Tokyo through the tumultuous
aftermath. Though sidetracked early on by the pandemic, her early and aggressive response to that
crisis helped carve her out as a decisive and effective leader. In 2021, she restarted the Little Asia
Revival Project, which had been quietly shelved by Aoki in 2018.
“Little Asia had long been a hub for criminal activity in Kamurocho,” Yoshida said of the old
district. “With the help of the TMPD, led by Commissioner Yamamoto, we’re ensuring it can be a
place to raise a family going forward.”
Though the Governor and the Commissioner have a warm public relationship, insiders claim things
are a bit frostier behind the scenes, with Yamamoto rumored to be weighing a run against the
incumbent in 2024. Governor Yoshida, for her part, has grown increasingly frustrated with the
failure of the TMPD to apprehend suspected yakuza Haruka Sawamura and Masaharu Kaito.
Yamamoto as well has his own frustrations regarding the case; many of the other suspects in
Sawamura’s alleged murder of Seiryu Clan yakuza Hachiro Sano have had charges dismissed by
the Ministry of Justice, which Yamamoto has privately decried as an “embarrassment”.
Tokyo District Chief Prosecutor Mafuyu Fujii, who is personally overseeing Sawamura’s
prosecution, declined to comment, citing the ongoing investigation. Deputy Chief Prosecutor Sae
Niijima, herself no stranger to controversy, similarly declined to comment on her prosecution of
Kaito.
Despite this, public confidence in the TMPD remains unusually high, with many Tokyo residents
crediting Yamamoto’s tenure for maintaining post-pandemic order. Under Commissioner
Yamamoto, the TMPD has expanded its mandate through a series of security initiatives approved
this year, though critics and some constitutional scholars say certain provisions may run contrary
to Article 9 of the Constitution; similar criticisms have been made with regards to the Self-Defense
Forces since the turn of the century.
FOR YOU: Several Prefectures Question NPA Handling of Sawamura Case
Just as Soma moved to click on that story, the image suddenly changed. He was receiving a call.
The Boss
He smirked, slid his thumb against the screen, and held the phone up to his ear. “Boss,” he greeted.
“I was just on my way to Kanagawa to oversee Hanawa’s mission, as assigned. To what do I owe
the pleasure?”
The Boss was silent for just a moment. He did not greet Soma. Instead, he opened with “One
hundred and eight million yen.”
Soma blinked. “I’m sorry, sir?”
The Boss repeated himself, slower, punctuating each word. “One. Hundred. And eight. Million.
Yen.”
“Sir, I’m not certain what you’re—.”

“Why was there a charge, for one. Hundred. And eight. MILLION. YEN. Made to your operational
account?”
Soma furrowed his brow. “What are you talking about? I’ve made no charges.”
“Well, I’m staring at one. From the Cabaret Grand in Sotenbori. Purchases made an hour ago.”
Soma shook his head. “That’s impossible, I just left Osaka—.”
“You’re aware that until the Party retakes the Diet, our funds are not without limit, yes?”
“Yes sir, but–!”
“So why did you feel that you had the right to blow over a hundred million yen in government
funds at a cabaret of all places?” The Boss demanded. “What did you buy, Soma? The entire
champagne cellar? Every woman in the building? Did you pay one of them for a ‘happy ending’ as
well? Do you have any idea what this looks like on an audit?! Have you lost your mind?!”
Soma’s eyes darted around as he tried to figure out just what the hell he was talking about. “Sir… I
assure you, I did no such thing.”
“Credit card statements don’t lie, you incompetent fool!” The Boss snapped. He caught himself,
exhaled, and continued, “Your account number was used. This isn’t some sort of mistake.
Somebody gave it to that establishment, and proceeded to use it to purchase one. Hundred. And
eight. Million. Yen. In services. If not you, then who?”
Soma thought for only a moment. Hanawa… that little bureaucratic rat. His smug attitude
returned, his nerves calmed. Hanawa would be killed for this. This was nothing to worry about. “I
believe my subordinates, Kihei Hanawa and Kazuma Kiryu, misused Faction funds.”
“…Your charges made the purchases.”
“Yes sir.”
“…You say that as though it fixes things.”
Soma chuckled. “I assure you, I have no delusions about the gravity of the situation. If you’d like, I
can send them to you for… punishment.”
The Boss paused. “…So it is my job to deal with your problems?”
Soma frowned. “Come again?”
The Boss changed the subject abruptly. “Where is Kazuma Kiryu now?”
Soma thought for just a moment. “Surely he must have apprehended Chihiro Watanabe by now.”
Another pause. “…’Surely’? Do you not know where your own subordinate is?”
“I—.”
“Don’t answer that. Clearly you don’t, since you apparently didn’t even know he was opening
hundred million yen tabs at a cabaret.”

“Sir, if you’d allow me to—.”
“Do you know why I am asking, Soma?”
Soma paused before answering. “Of course you want every agent accounted for—.”
The Boss cut him off. “I am asking, Soma, because of a rather disturbing report, from a field agent
operating in Chuo Ward. Supposedly… Kazuma Kiryu and Haruka Sawamura were seen together.”
Soma’s face hardened. His grip on his phone tightened. “What.”
“The reports are, as of yet, unconfirmed,” The Boss admitted. “But coming after his and Hanawa’s
little spending spree… it appears your agents have gone rogue.”
Soma scoffed. “They’re done, then. Both of them. Dead and buried. You have my word.”
“I believe you are quite missing the point,” The Boss replied. “One hour. You were in command of
the mission… for one hour, and in that hour, your spending account has been drained, your agents
are unaccounted for, and one of them may have crossed a red line. I may have had my issues with
the way Hanawa handled the mission… but he at least could keep the Dragon on a leash. Clearly,
you cannot. Perhaps I was too quick to entrust you with any useful tasks.”
“I assure you, sir, I will track Kiryu and Hanawa down and punish both of them. Severely.”
“The fact that you have to track either of them down is precisely the problem!” The Boss snapped
again. “I have lost my patience with you. You have no control over the mission.”
It was becoming difficult for Soma to contain his anger. “I was sabotaged! Hanawa set me up!”
“Yes, he did,” The Boss agreed. “Quite successfully. He’s always been clever. Maybe if you were
as clever as he is, you’d have seen it coming. Return to Kyoto. At once.”
Soma’s breath hitched. “Sir…?”
“I am relieving you of command over the mission. We will discuss this further in person. Do not
keep me waiting.”
The line went dead.
Soma’s hand trembled. “Hanawa…” he growled. His fist suddenly clenched around the stem of the
glass he was holding, shattering it, a mixture of wine and his own blood spilling onto the carpeted
floor of the vehicle.
The driver glanced into his mirror, a concerned expression on his face. “Sir? Everything alright?”
A low sigh escaped Soma’s nostrils. “Change in plans. We’re going to Kyoto.”
“To the temple, sir?”
Soma nodded slowly. “Yes. It appears the Boss and I have… some things to discuss.”
The driver nodded, tapped an icon on his GPS, and returned his attention to the road. “Got it. We’ll
be there in under an hour.”

Soma clicked his tongue. “Tch… so, Hanawa, you believe you can outplay me?” he said quietly.
“That’s fine. I quite like games.” He sniffled into a handkerchief, the dust in the vehicle beginning
to get to him.
He looked back down at his phone, still open to the article from before. His eyes settled on the
photograph of Akio Yamamoto at the top of the story. “Believe me, Hanawa-san… this is a war
you’re going to regret starting.”
***
Hanawa, meanwhile, sat aboard the Shinkansen to Yokohama, reading a newspaper as the train
departed Shin-Osaka. “This is the Nozomi bound for Tokyo. The next stop is Kyoto,” the
announcement blared overhead.
Hanawa’s phone vibrated. He glanced down at it. The Boss. He smirked. Speaking of Kyoto, he
thought as he answered it. “Boss. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
The Boss sighed. “Why must you be difficult?”
Hanawa’s smirk grew. “Pardon? I’m afraid I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Viper believes you’ve sabotaged him. Apparently you had a bit of a night out, on his dime?”
Hanawa chuckled. “Well, I’m not really sure what you mean, but if he’s failed to take
accountability for something that’s happened on his watch—or lack thereof—that really sounds like
a ‘him’ problem.”
The Boss grumbled under his breath, something about Hanawa and his tongue. “I’m placing you
back in charge of the mission. Clean up his mess.”
Hanawa sighed, though his smile grew ever wider. “If I must, I shall carry this burden.”
The Boss huffed. “One other thing. Joryu has apparently made contact with Sawamura. You know
what that means.”
“I know what we told him it means,” Hanawa replied nonchalantly. “Of course, his silence was
conditional on our protection of Haruka and her child in the first place. We, thus far, have failed to
uphold our end of the bargain. Not that I’m excusing his behavior, of course… but how can he be
expected to stay true to his word if we will not be true to ours? He comes from a world where
honor is everything… as do I, as I’m sure you’re aware.”
“You yakuza and your honor. It’s tiresome.” The Boss was silent for a moment. “So what do you
suggest we do?”
Hanawa chuckled. “Boss. With all due respect, I’ve dealt with his… recklessness before, without
having to resort to any unpleasantries. If you give me some time, I can have the situation resolved
in a manner that satisfies all parties involved.”
“We’ll see.”
And with that, the line went dead.

Hanawa’s smile softened back into a satisfied smirk. He set his phone aside and returned to reading
his paper.

Chapter 84: Aftermath
The Party walked through the streets of Chuo Ward, back towards Sotenbori, having opted against
hailing a cab or doing anything that would draw attention to themselves, knowing the police would
likely only be moments away from the Omi estate.
Sure enough, the wail of a few police sirens could be heard in the distance, and three police vans
rounded the corner, driving past them en route to the scene of the crime.
“Lotta heat for a noise complaint,” Kasuga mumbled.
“Cops in this town probably got shit else to do since the Dissolution,” Kaito chuckled.
Kiryu walked a bit ahead of the group, eyes forward. “More likely, they realized where the ‘noise
complaint’ was directed,” he said. “Gangs don’t move in numbers like that without the police
knowing. They were already ready to move.”
“Shit, I guess we dipped just in time, then,” Kaito replied. Chihiro walked past him, towards Kiryu.
“Eh?”
Chihiro grabbed Kiryu by the shoulder, getting his attention, causing the others to halt. “Hm?”
Haruka approached them. “Chihiro…”
“I need answers, Kazuma Kiryu,” Chihiro muttered. “Kyohei Jingu. Did you kill him?”
Kiryu studied her for a moment, then turned away. “Yeah.”
Haruka glared at Kiryu. “Uncle Kaz!”
Kasuga groaned. “Come on, man…”
“I am responsible for his death.”
Chihiro shook her head. “That’s not what I asked. I asked if you killed him. Of course you’re
responsible. Everything that happened that night was your fault. But I need to know. Are you the
one who killed him? Directly?”
Kiryu sighed. “I didn’t carry the knife that took his life.” He left it at that and continued walking.
Chihiro’s eyes hardened. She caught up to him and grabbed his shoulder again. “What the fuck is
your problem?!” she demanded. “Do you think you’re being funny?!”
Kiryu sighed again, stopped, and stared at the ground. “…I hold myself responsible for every death
that happened that night. Jingu. Yumi. Nishiki… I couldn’t save any of them. If it helps you to
believe that I killed them… if you’d like to hate me for it… I won’t blame you.” And again, he
continued onward. “We can talk more about it later. But right now, making sure Taichi is okay is
my top priority.”
Chihiro’s eyes softened as Kiryu walked away from her. She blinked that look away as quickly as it
came. “Tch! M-me too!”

The sun began to rise as the party entered Sotenbori. In this brief moment between night time and
daylight, the streets were unsettlingly empty. Only a few hungover stragglers wandered the streets,
intermingled with salarymen who were just beginning their day—though many of those men also
looked hungover.
“Behold,” Yagami remarked. “The one time of day you can actually hear yourself think in
Sotenbori.”
They moved south, eventually arriving at Akame’s hideout. Chihiro paused as the group walked
towards the door, which was guarded by Joongi Han and Zhao.
“Here comes the cavalry,” Zhao quipped. “Where’s Mabuchi?”
“My guess? In the slammer by now,” Kasuga replied.
Zhao nodded. “Good. Probably better than the alternative. I don’t really wanna think about what I’d
have done, if I was in that mansion with you.”
Joongi yawned. “Is it time to change shifts, yet?”
Haruka chuckled. “We likely won’t be in Osaka much longer.”
Joongi nodded. “Thank God.”
Haruka smiled at him, then turned to Chihiro, who hung back. “Hm? Aren’t you coming in?”
Chihiro shook her head. “I don’t think I should go in there.”
Kaito chuckled. “Why? ‘Cause you tried to sell Akame down the river? Maybe I’m misreadin’
things, but she doesn’t seem like the type to hold a grudge. ‘Sides… don’tcha wanna see Taichi
again? Don’t tell me you’re plannin’ on ghosting him after he took a bullet for ya.”
Chihiro blushed and turned away. “S-shut up.” She shook her head and clenched her fists. “Fine,
I’ll come in to make sure he’s alive at least, and then I’m gone.”
“If you say so…” Kaito laughed.
The group entered the hideout, where they were immediately greeted by snoring. Haruka looked
around the room. Nanba was passed out on one couch. Adachi on the other. Tsuruno had dozed off
sitting against a wall. Akame was passed out at her keyboard, hand still gripping an opened can of
Red Bull. Sugiura watched cameras, while a couple of ex-yakuza milled about. Saeko and Seonhee,
meanwhile, looked FULLY rested, having cleaned up from the party’s encounter with Ares. Saeko
had even somehow found an exact copy of her dress to replace the battle-damaged outfit she was
wearing.
“I guess we’ve all kinda gone a while without sleep, huh…?” Kasuga said, yawning. “Come to
think of it… I need a nap myself.”
Saeko and Seonhee looked up from their conversation, eyes widening. “Haruka!” they both said at
once, approaching her and Kasuga.
“Are you okay?” Saeko asked.

“You’re not hurt, are you?” Seonhee followed up.
Haruka giggled. “I’m fine. Thank you, Sa-chan… Seonhee… What about Taichi?”
Saeko glanced at Nanba. “Ask his ‘GP’. Nanba, wake up!”
Nanba jolted awake. “Huh?! What’s going on?” He sat up, stretched, and yawned. “Oh, Harukachan. Ichiban. Hey, don’t worry about Taichi. He’s gonna be fine. Took the bullet out, stitched him
up, he was good as new. It was a quick job. Painless… not so much.” He glanced up at Kiryu.
“Holy shit… Kiryu-san?”
Kiryu nodded. “Right, I don’t know if we’ve ever been introduced.”
Nanba scratched the back of his neck. “Besides that ass kicking you gave Ichiban three years ago,
no, we haven’t.”
Kiryu looked around the room. “You’re… Nanba, right? And you must be Saeko. Kasuga talks
about you. A lot.”
Saeko crossed her arms. “Does he now.”
Kasuga laughed nervously. “Hehe, uh… s-sometimes, yeah! Not like, all the time, or anything like
that.”
Kiryu turned his attention to Seonhee, whose pupils dilated slightly. “And I remember you. You’re
Seonhee. Leader of the Yokohama Geomijul.”
Seonhee smirked and tilted her head. “Well now,” she said with a flirtatious lilt. “The legendary
Dragon of Dojima remembers me. I must have made an impression; what an honor~.”
Relax, Seonhee, Haruka thought, a slightly annoyed look entering her eyes.
Meanwhile, Kiryu, though outwardly cool, was confused. Why is Seonhee looking at me like that?
Did I say something wrong? He glanced at Kasuga, who shrugged his shoulders.
Kaito, meanwhile, leaned to whisper to Haruka. “Hey, how come Kiryu ain’t respondin’?
Seonhee’s givin’ him a… look.”
“He doesn’t realize,” Haruka sighed, hanging her head.
Kaito chuckled. “Heh. That’s a joke, right?” No response. “…Right?”
Akame slowly opened her eyes and turned in her chair. Seeing Kiryu immediately woke her up
fully. “Joryu!” she exclaimed standing up.
Kiryu turned to her. “Akame. It’s been a minu—” he was interrupted by a sharp slap across his
face. “…What did I do?” he asked flatly.
“Ya disappeared on me, dumbass!” she lectured, her Osakan accent flaring up. “I haven’t seen ya in
three. Years. They just sent Hanawa to check in every coupla months… Where were you?!”
Kiryu clicked his tongue. “Tch. I’ve been busy. Besides, it’s not like I haven’t tried to contact you. I
was at The Castle a couple of days ago. You wouldn’t see me.”

Akame shrugged. “Not my fault my bouncers saw yer yakuza-lookin’ ass walkin’ up to my door
and told ya to get lost. Maybe try not lookin’ so… you! ‘Sides, I was helpin’ Haruka-chan at the
time.”
“Not that I don’t appreciate it…” Kiryu muttered.
“And what’re ya wearin’?!” she demanded, looking him up and down—the gray suit and maroon
shirt registered like a fashion felony. “This suit looks like it came from the dressing room of an
abandoned disco!”
Kiryu sighed. “This… is what I normally wear.”
“Not three years ago, ya didn’t!” Akame argued. “I mean, I saw you in some out there outfits back
then, but this? This is just sad.”
Kiryu blinked, slowly. “…It’s good to see you too, Akame.”
She glanced up at his graying hair. “I suppose ya quit dyeing yer hair too?”
This one, Kiryu objected to. “Now—hold on a second. Who says I was dyeing my hair?”
Haruka raised an eyebrow but chose to keep her mouth shut.
Kasuga, on the other hand, couldn’t. He put a hand to his mouth to stifle a chuckle, then coughed.
“Heh. Gotta say, Kiryu-san… you’re pissin’ a lot of strong women off tonight. First Haruka-chan,
and now Akame… You sure you don’t wanna get a slap in too, Chihiro-chan?”
Akame’s glare softened, and her eyes widened and darted to the door. “Chihiro?” she said softly.
The group parted so she could see. Chihiro leaned up against the doorframe, arms crossed, Joongi
and Zhao staring at her uneasily. “…Hey, Akame,” she muttered.
Akame walked past the party and walked toward her former protege. Chihiro winced as she got
closer. “You’ve been a bad employee,” Akame joked.
“That’s an understatement,” Chihiro scoffed. “I’m not here to cause problems. I’m just here to see
Taichi. Then I’ll be out of your hair.”
Akame studied her for a moment. She then tilted her head to the side, showing Chihiro a thin scar
that ran across her cheek. Chihiro’s eyes widened. She turned away, ashamed. “So, it was you,”
Akame said.
Chihiro nodded. “Yeah. I’m the one that tried to kill you.”
“No, you didn’t,” Akame responded. “You were tryin’ to warn me. Otherwise, ya wouldn’t have
missed.”
“What the fuck does that prove?” Chihiro asked. “Maybe I’m just a shitty shot.”
“I was standing perfectly still, and you were right across the canal,” Akame pointed out. “If you
wanted me dead, I’d be dead. Simple as that.”

Chihiro looked Akame in the eyes, a harsh front forming in her own. She looked away again. “The
order was to get you out of Sotenbori. If the order had been to kill you, I’d have killed you. Don’t
look into it too deep.”
Kasuga smirked and crossed his arms. “You know, Chihiro-chan… if the order was to get rid of her,
killin’ her was the fastest and easiest way to do it. You’re not fooling anyone… and you don’t gotta
pretend with us.”
“Well I’m tired of pretending this isn’t weird!” Chihiro exclaimed. “How can you all trust me?
Maybe this is a long con! Maybe, now that I’ve got you all in one place, I can stab you in the back,
grab Haruto, and be on the first boat to Kowloon!”
Kaito chuckled. “Hey, uh, not for nothin’, but if that’s your plan, it’s a terrible plan.”
“Not much of a plan at all, really,” Yagami added. “It’s kinda like saying you’re gonna rob a bank
by walking in and taking the cash. You’re missing a couple of steps.”
“Are you guys serious right now?” Chihiro asked. “I don’t understand how you guys can just get
betrayed and… move on!”
Kasuga shrugged. “It happens. If I got hung up on every time someone in this room pointed a gun
at me or tried to have me killed, I’d have like two friends. Hell, Nanba almost took all of Ijincho
down with him.”
Nanba winced. “That’s a bit dramatic.”
Kasuga laughed. “It’s true, man! You were gonna take down the big Great Wall keeping the Omi
out! Plus, Joongi and Seonhee both tried to kill me. Zhao probably would have too if I hadn’t been
able to prove the calls were coming from inside the house.
“Point is, I’ve been betrayed before. It’s gonna happen again, probably, knowin’ me… You can’t
get hung up on stuff like that. Maybe it’s naive. But I think everyone’s got a little good in them.
You just gotta bring it out of them.” He grinned. “And, hey—if I gotta eat my words later, so be it.
That’s on me for trusting you. If it’s a mistake… well, then I’m gonna make a mistake. And I’ll
make a hell of a lot more, every time I see something in someone worth redeeming.”
Kiryu turned to stare at Kasuga… and, despite his grouchy exterior, smiled. Just slightly. “Hmph.”
Chihiro glared at Kasuga, then turned to Haruka. “And what about you? Huh? I kidnapped your
son.”
Haruka shrugged. “It happens,” she replied dryly.
“No, it does not.”
Haruka gestured to Kiryu. “When you’re raised by him? Yeah it does. If you want the truth, I
almost left you to your fate. Almost. But… that wouldn’t have been right. You’re not evil. You’re
lashing out because the world never gave you a fair shot. And I refuse to add on to that.” Glancing
around the room, she added “But speaking of Haruto, where is he?”
Her question was answered by his laughter, the next room over.
“I think he’s still looking after my patient,” Nanba chuckled.

Kiryu, Haruka, and Kasuga glanced at each other, then stepped into Akame’s bedroom, where
Taichi sat on her bed, laying up against the wall. His shirt was gone, replaced with a bandage that
went over his chest and shoulder, and he looked to be in good spirits…. and bad coordination.
“H-heyyy, Haruka… Uncle Kaz… Kasuga…” he slurred. “How’d everythin’ go with… uh, with
the guy?” His face was completely red.
Haruto giggled. “You’re talking funny, Uncle Taichi!”
Kiryu frowned and stepped forward. “What’s wrong with him, Nanba? Blood loss?”
Nanba rubbed the back of his neck. “Uhhhh… he’s pretty heavily medicated right now.”
“What kinda medicine didja give him?” Kasuga asked.
“The old fashioned kind,” Nanba replied, pointing to an empty sake bottle sitting by the bed. “I
didn’t have any morphine, or anything like that, so I had to… improvise.”
Haruka exhaled slowly through her nose. “…Great.”
Taichi groaned. “You guysh, I am in… so much pain right now. I- I mean this, just feels… terrible.
But Nanba-san took goooooood care-a me. It’s startin’ to wear off though… maybe I need some
more ‘medicine’?”
“No more for you, drinky!” Nanba responded, jabbing his finger at him. “Getting shot hurts. Sorry
to be the one to tell you that, but you’re 23 years old, you had to learn it at some point.”
Haruka glanced at Nanba. “How’d you figure out his age? I don’t think I ever mentioned it.”
Nanba sighed. “He started rattling off medical information when he got to me. His date of birth, his
blood type, the whole shebang. I appreciate the context, kid, but I’m sorry, your buckwheat allergy
doesn’t matter when I’m yanking a chunk of lead out of your shoulder.”
Zhao shook his head and clicked his tongue. “Tch. A Japanese man allergic to buckwheat? It’s an
evil world we live in.”
Taichi nodded. “But it was allll worth it to keep Chi-chan and Haruka safe. Say… where-she-at,
anyway? ‘S’she… Y’know… Safe?”
Kasuga smiled, and nodded with a short hum. He stepped aside, as did Kiryu and Haruka, revealing
Chihiro standing in the doorway. She let out a soft gasp. “Tai-chan…” she muttered.
Taichi’s worried look disappeared… and he smiled. “…Chihiro.”
Haruto’s eyes widened as he saw Chihiro, and he shrank slightly, though a look from Haruka told
him it would be fine, so he stuffed that fear away, just as he did with Joongi Han.
Chihiro didn’t notice Haruto’s flinch, focusing entirely on Taichi. “You… idiot…” Tears formed in
her eyes. “You absolute dumbass!” she cried as she stepped towards him. “Why did you do that?!
Why did you take that bullet for me?! Did you want to die, is that it?!”
Taichi chuckled. “‘S like I said before. Protectin’ you… ‘s the right thing to do. I jus’ thought about
what Uncle Kaz woulda done… and did it…”

Chihiro fell to her knees at his side, tears flowing freely now. “For someone like me… for an evil,
terrible person, who’s done nothing but hurt you… Why are you so stupi—?!” Her self-flagellation
was cut off by Taichi grabbing her and pulling her into a deep kiss. “Mm?!”
Haruka’s and Kiryu’s eyes widened. “Oh,” Haruka muttered. “That’s… a surprise.”
Kasuga chuckled. “Heh… He was smitten from day one. Shoulda seen him, back in Okinawa.”
Chihiro pulled away from Taichi… then leaned back in, drawing herself into another kiss.
Haruto watched for a moment, then covered his eyes with both hands. “Hehe.”

Chapter 85: Last Call for Osaka
The kiss lasted roughly a second more, before Chihiro softly pulled away. Her cheeks were
streaked with tears. “…I don’t get it,” she said softly. “How… how could you still…?”
Taichi shrugged. “Is it silly? Yeah. But I’m not a serious guy.” He frowned. “I could tell, even back
then in Okinawa… Gun pressed to my forehead, you telling Kasuga you were gonna kill me… I
could tell that you didn’t want to do any of what you were doing. And then when you told us about
what you went through… What the yakuza put you through… All I heard was, ‘I’m in pain, and I
need help’.
“That’s when I knew that you weren’t bad. You were just making bad choices, choices the world
we live in forced you to make. Even after Hanawa-san said you had to die… I told him I wasn’t
gonna let that happen.”
Chihiro’s face fell. “…So it’s true, then. The Daidoji are going to kill me.”
“Not if I have anything to say about it,” Kiryu said, stepping forward. He glanced at Haruto, whose
eyes widened upon seeing him, before turning his attention back to Chihiro. “I promise you,
Chihiro, even now, Hanawa and I are working on a solution.”
Saeko tilted her head. “Say… isn’t Hanawa the name of that businessman that wanted Haruka’s
autograph? You know, back in Ijincho?”
Kiryu nodded. “I asked him to watch after you, when you left for Yokohama,” Kiryu revealed. His
mind flashed back to the phone call he held with Hanawa the night Haruka first arrived in Ijincho.
“I checked in on Sawamura, like you requested,” Hanawa said.
“And?”
Hanawa looked through the window and watched Haruka laugh with Saeko and Nanba. “She’s
doing fine. Getting into a bit of mischief here and there, but fine otherwise.”
Back in the present, Kiryu sighed. “I couldn’t see you myself. The Daidoji would’ve dealt with
both of us, harshly, if that happened. Obviously, though, circumstances have changed.”
Haruka tilted her head. “What sort of circumstances?”
Yagami narrowed his eyes. “I’m curious, too.”
Kiryu’s mind flashed to Soma. He glanced at Sugiura, who shook his head subtly. “…None that
you need to concern yourselves with. It no longer made sense to stay in the shadows, is all you
need to worry about.”
Kiryu turned back to Chihiro. “More to the point, Hanawa is… less than thrilled with the direction
the Faction has taken in recent days. So he’s not feeling particularly cooperative with them at the
moment. What that means for you is he doesn’t care to see you erased either.”
Chihiro looked down at the floor. “Hanawa is just one man.”

“One man with a lot of pull in the Faction,” Kiryu reminded her. “Despite some… setbacks earlier
today.”
His phone rang. Kihei Hanawa.
“Speak of the devil…” he muttered as he answered the phone. “Hanawa. What’s going on?”
“At ease, agent. I’m just calling to let you know there’s been a… development in our favor.”
Kiryu furrowed his brow. “How so?”
On his end, Hanawa sat at a bar. The scarred, bespectacled bartender sat a glass of whiskey on the
rock in front of him, and he took a sip. “Our little problem with Viper? It’s been resolved. Got the
call from HQ on the train. Turns out he’s been very naughty!”
Kiryu snorted. “I take it our actions at The Grand got him into some hot water.”
Hanawa shrugged. “Who can say, really? Point is, he’s no longer in charge of the mission. I am.
The details are all quite droll, so I won’t bore you with them, but they told me to clean up his
messes as I see fit.”
Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “Such as?”
“Well, there is the situation with Haruka,” Hanawa reminded him. “I’m sure you’re aware, HQ is…
not pleased that you’ve broken your agreement. Now, why would you put poor, poor Viper in that
situation? That was rather cruel of you.”
Kiryu rolled his eyes. “You’re all laughs.”
“Seriously, though—they want me to find a solution to that. The good news for you is we have
options. Options that don’t involve killing you or, god forbid, the girl.”
Kiryu’s eyes widened slightly. “Really? What kind of options?”
“Again, the details are a bit of a bore, some things will be easier to do than others, things are kind
of a mess right now so nothing is perfectly clean. I’d like to discuss them with you and Haruka in
person. Chihiro, too, if she’s, ah, still around.” He laughed and took another sip of his drink. “I
know this sounds like nothing good can come from it… but I promise, you’ll like some of these
options.” He shrugged. “You’ll be lukewarm on some of the other ones. But hey, options are
options!
“How soon can you get to Isezaki Ijincho?”
Kiryu glanced at Taichi. “There was a bit of an incident with Mabuchi. Taichi’s hurt. We can’t leave
tonight, but if he’s stable through the night, we can probably leave tomorrow.”
Hanawa nodded. “Tomorrow evening it is, then. I’ll be waiting at a charming little karaoke bar in
the Bar District. Survive. Have you heard of the place?”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah, I think so.”
Hanawa grinned. “Fantastic! I’ll see you then. Call me if anything happens.”

The call ended right there, and Kiryu pocketed his phone. “Well. That’s interesting. Hanawa wants
to talk to us.” He looked at Haruka. “Meaning, you and me. Chihiro, too.”
Yagami crossed his arms. “The Daidoji, eh? I want to be there too. I have some questions of my
own for them.”
Kiryu clicked his tongue. “Tch. If you have any questions, detective, I’ll be more than happy to
answer them.”
“My questions are a bit above your pay grade.”
Kiryu turned to stare at Sugiura. “Is he always this much of a pompous ass?”
Sugiura sighed. “He’s… driven.”
Haruka chuckled. It was a slightly dry and humorless laugh, but a laugh all the same. “Tonight has
been… a lot. I think I need some fresh air.”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah, that sounds like a good idea. And if tonight is our last night in Sotenbori, we
should probably take care of any unfinished business. You and I… should probably have a
conversation about a few things. But that can wait for the train ride. We’ll have a couple of hours to
kill then, anyway.”
Haruka nodded. “Alright. Uncle Kaz… I’m glad you’re back.”
Kiryu sighed. “We’ll see how long it lasts…”
“That’s what Hanawa is working on, right?”
“With any luck.”
Kaito yawned and stretched. “Man, I dunno about you guys, but I’m starving. Think there’s any
good places for breakfast around here?”
Haruka glanced at Haruto. “Haruto? Are you hungry?”
Haruto nodded. “Yeah! Joongi took me to Big Bang Burger last night. Maybe they have breakfast,
too?”
Kaito groaned, looking around the street as he stepped outside, with Haruka, Haruto, Nanba, Saeko,
and Seonhee following. “Kid, if you’re gonna be in Osaka just one more day, you oughta have
some authentic Osakan cuisine. Fast food ain’t gonna cut it.”
Nanba glanced down at his phone. “Ehh… hate to break it to you, but right now, everything is
either closed or between menus. Fast food or convenience store bentos might be our only option.”
Kaito growled and shook his head. “Agh, screw that! Come on, there’s gotta be a takoyaki stand or
somethin’ that’s open.”
~Cold Turkey~
He pulled out a box of Marlboros, though he found it was empty. “Ah, crap…” he grumbled,
glancing at a cigarette stand as they walked past.

“Hm? What’s wrong, Kaito-san?” Haruka asked.
Kaito shook his head. “I’m all out of cigarettes.”
“You can bum one of mine?” Saeko suggested. “I mean, I smoke menthols, but…”
“First of all: menthols? No. Gross. Second of all: I’m good. Tryin’ to quit, actually,” Kaito replied.
“Tryin’ to set a good example for my girlfriend’s kid, Jun. He smokes too, and I told him to knock
that shit off. But, hell, I’ve been smoking since I was his age, so I figured I should put my money
where my mouth is.”
“That’s… really mature of you, Kaito-san,” Haruka said with a smile.
“I figured the new year is as good a time as any to go cold turkey,” Kaito continued. “So at the
beginning of the month, I bought a carton, and once those cigarettes are all gone, they’re gone. No
more for me going into 2023.”
Seonhee hummed thoughtfully. “Hmm. Maybe we all should try and quit one vice next year! Like,
I dunno, a New Year’s resolution? Me? I won’t order any executions next year, unless absolutely
necessary.”
Haruka let out an exasperated sigh. “That’s… a good goal, Seonhee.”
“I suppose I could stand to drink a little less…” Saeko added. “…I don’t think I could go cold
turkey, though.”
“Hey, what about you, Nanba?” Kaito asked. “What addictive vice are you cutting back on, next
year?”
Nanba thought about it for just a moment. “Hmm…” Suddenly, he knew. “…Gacha games.”
Saeko’s eyes widened. “Wha—?! Seriously, Nan-chan?!”
Nanba nodded. “Dead serious. I’ve got a problem. …Maybe one last ten-pull couldn’t hurt,
though…”
“A-are you playing right now?!” Saeko demanded as she looked over Nanba’s shoulder. He angled
his phone away so she couldn’t see.
“H-hey, listen, I’m really close to the pity roll!” he argued.
“Ah, don’t feel too bad, man,” Kaito laughed. “Goin’ cold turkey ain’t for the faint of heart, after
all.”
Nanba deflated. “Ngh… I didn’t get my five star…”
As the party walked through Sotenbori, they were beginning to find that food… was hard to find.
Their first choice, a takoyaki stand on the eastern end of Sotenbori Street, was shuttered. “They
don’t open until lunch…” Nanba said as he read the sign posted on the shutter.
“Damn it…” Kaito grumbled.
“Let’s try another place, I guess…” Haruka sighed.

They passed Big Bang Burger, which was open with its new American-style breakfast menu. “Oh!
They’re open!” Haruto exclaimed, tugging on Haruka’s sleeve.
This was met with a slow exhale from Kaito. “You can get American food… in literally any city in
this country. No. Absolutely not. You’re eatin’ real Osakan food before you go back to Okinawa,”
he insisted.
“We have all day, Kaito-san…” Haruka replied softly, a tad annoyed as the hunger was beginning
to get to her now.
Next, they tried a steak place by the river. The restaurant’s manager stood out front, smoking a
cigarette. The party approached him cautiously.
“Yo,” Kaito greeted. “You guys servin’ up any grub yet?”
The manager scoffed. “Can’t ya read? We don’t open until noon.”
“We got a small child with us,” Kaito added, gesturing to Haruto, who beamed hopefully. “You
think you can open now?”
The manager stared at Haruto for a second, before shaking his head and turning back to Kaito. “Get
lost,” he replied as he stomped out his cigarette and walked into the building to begin lunch prep.
“…That wasn’t very nice,” Kaito muttered.
Haruto’s stomach grumbled. “Mom, I’m hungry…”
Haruka pinched her nose bridge. “Kaito-san, maybe we just go get some bentos and come back in
the evening?”
Kaito was taking this whole thing extremely seriously. “Hey. Do you want your kid to have a
proper Osakan experience, or do you want him to resent you for the rest of your life for denyin’
him some good eats?”
“I think he’ll resent me letting him starve to death more,” Haruka retorted.
“I think you’re both being a bit dramatic…” Saeko chuckled.
Nanba glanced over at a nearby place. “Hey… they look open,” he said, pointing.
Everyone turned to look at where he was pointing. Sure enough, across the river, next to the
building that once housed the Sotenbori Battle Arena, which itself used to be a Don Quijote, was a
restaurant whose doors were open, lights on in the dining room.
Seonhee glanced up at the handwritten sign. “The Hole,” she read.
“That’s not… the most appetizing name they could’ve picked,” Saeko said.
Nanba tilted his head. “Uh… anything seem… off about this place to you guys?”
Kaito shook his head. “Man, who cares? If they got food, we’re goin’ in.”

With that (and really no other options, except all of the ones Kaito vetoed), the party made their
way to the bridge across, totally unaware of the woman watching them go.
“Haruka Sawamura…” she said. “That’s definitely her. The oyabun-goroshi.”
~Substory 13: As Long As You’re Happy~

Chapter 86: As Long As You're Happy
All things considered, the ambiance in The Hole was not bad. Dim, warm lights. Spaced out tables.
An auto-piano playing “Baka Mitai” in the corner. And, sitting along the wall, a long bar, with what
must have been over a million yen’s worth of bottles sitting against the shelves, their labels all
facing outward.
Haruka and the party stepped in and took the place in. “Well, this is nicer than expected,” Nanba
whistled.
Haruka approached the bar with Haruto. The bartender—a tall, skinny man with medium-length
black hair—stood with his back to her, polishing a glass over a sink against the wall. “Excuse me,
are you all open?”
The bartender nodded without turning around. “Yeah. Sit wherever ya like. I’ll be right with ya,” he
said. He had a Kansai accent, but something about it felt… off. But in a familiar way. Like he was
putting it on.
Haruka put a finger to her chin, trying to remember who exactly she knew with a fake-ass Kansaiaccent.
“Yo, Haruka-chan,” Kaito growled, already seated in a corner booth with the others. “I’m starvin’.
Get over here already, before I gotta eat Nanba instead.”
Nanba nearly spit out his water. “Th-that’s a joke, right?”
Saeko tilted her head. “I sure hope so. I don’t think Nan-chan would taste very good.”
“H-hey!”
Haruka chuckled and joined the others, with Haruto shuffling into the booth next to her. “Is the
bartender the only one working here, I wonder?” she asked. “…What do they serve here, anyway?”
“I’m guessing… izakaya food,” Nanba said. “Ramen, curry, cocktails. Hey, maybe Haruto-kun gets
to try some takoyaki after all!”
“Man I could go for some curry right about now…” Kaito chuckled.
“I thought you wanted authentic Osakan food?” Seonhee asked.
Kaito shrugged. “…Eh. We got all day.”
Haruka raised an eyebrow, but couldn’t get a thought out before the bartender approached holding
several laminated menus. “Here. Take a look,” he said, handing them out.
“Thank you,” Haruka said, grabbing one from his hand. Her eyes darted up. She inhaled sharply.
The bartender had an eyepatch and a goatee.
It was Majima.

Majima was their bartender.
He grinned. “Hee hee! Certainly, Haruka-chan~,” he replied, drawing out the honorific.
Haruka furrowed her brow. “Majima-san…?”
Kaito stood up. “Oh, hell no,” he growled, squaring up.
“Sit down, ya gorilla,” Majima threatened without looking at him. “You’ll just embarrass yourself.
‘Sides. We’re all friends here.”
“The hell we are!” Kaito barked.
Haruto raised an eyebrow, though he seemed unafraid. “Um… mom? Do you know this guy?”
Haruka exhaled through her nose. I’m going to regret this… she thought to herself. “He’s…” Her
eyes slowly shut and she pinched her nose bridge. “…This is Uncle Majima,” she said finally—
causing Majima to grin even wider. Yup, I’m already regretting this. “He used to work with your
father, at the security company.” She glared at Majima. “Majima-san… what are you doing here?”
Majima turned around, gesturing to the establishment. “Well where else would I be? This is my
place, after all! Or, it will be ‘til the owner gets back into town.”
(The owner was tied up and gagged behind the bar.)
“What do you even know about running a place like this?” Saeko asked. “This doesn’t strike me as
the kind of front you’d be running for the Tojo.”
Majima turned back to face them. “Ah, this place? Nothin’. Not a damn thing. But! I know a lot
about customer service. Ran a cabaret, back in the 80s. A couple of them, actually! They used ta
call me the ‘Lord of the Night’. I was pretty good at it!” He pulled out a notepad and smirked.
“Now then, what can I get ya?”
Kaito glared at him, then sat back down. “This food better be real… I’m starving.”
Haruka glanced at the menu and raised an eyebrow. “There are no prices on this menu.”
Majima’s smirk grew. “Don’t worry about it.”
Haruka shook her head. “We’re leaving.”
Kaito’s eyes widened. “H-Haruka-chan… I’m really, really hungry… I do not want a convenience
store bento. If this guy wants to cook for us, I say let him.” He paused. “And if the food is trash,
we’ll beat his ass.”
Haruto looked up at Haruka. “Mom… I’m hungry too. What’s wrong with Uncle Maj’s cooking?”
Majima grinned. “‘Uncle Maj’, eh? I like your style, kid! Tell ya what; the kid eats for free.”
That was a deal nobody in the party could afford to pass up.
So, Haruka looked down at the menu. “…A plate of takoyaki for Haruto.”

Majima wrote this down. “Heh! Good choice!”
“And a bowl of octopus ramen for me.”
Majima whistled. “You must be real hungry.” He turned to Kaito. “And for the gorilla?”
Kaito glared. “Katsu curry.”
Majima wrote that down. “An’ everyone else?”
Saeko looked down at the menu. “…Katsudon for me.”
“Tonkatsu ramen,” Nanba said.
Seonhee looked the menu up and down. “No Korean food, huh?”
Majima bowed apologetically. “Trust me; ya don’t want me makin’ it.”
Seonhee shrugged. “Karaage curry, then.”
He nodded. “Any drinks?”
“It’s not even noon, Majima-san,” Haruka pointed out.
Majima shrugged. “Fine. Be a party pooper. I’ll be back with yer food.” He clicked his pen and
walked back behind the counter, careful not to step on his “employer” as he walked into the
kitchen.
“…I don’t like that guy,” Kaito sighed.
“He… grows on you,” Haruka replied.
“Like a tumor, maybe…” Kaito grumbled.
***
Nothing could have been more infuriating.
The food was incredible.
No complaints at all. Everything was expertly prepared, cooked to the perfect temperature, even the
presentation was on point.
Goro Majima… had provided five star customer service.
And to the party, that was very annoying.
Haruto’s plate was clear. Kaito had licked his bowl clean. Nanba, Saeko, Seonhee, they all downed
their food without complaint. Even Haruka had scraped every last bit of broth from her bowl,
which she resented herself a tiny bit for.
Really, it was… just the worst possible outcome.

Majima approached the party, hands behind his back, a satisfied smile adorning his face. “So…
how was it?”
Haruka sighed. “I have to admit, Majima-san… it was pretty good.”
Kaito crossed his arms. “I mean, it was alright,” he muttered, before noticing a small dollop of
curry still sitting in his bowl, which he quickly scooped up with a finger and consumed with no
shame.
Haruto nodded. “It was really good, Uncle Maj!”
Majima grinned. “Hee hee! Happy to hear it, kid.” He turned to Haruka. “Can I get ya anything
else?”
Haruka shook her head. “Just the bill, Majima-san.”
“Certainly!” He pulled a small tray with the bill affixed to it out, placing it in front of Haruka.
She looked down at the bill.
Subtotal: ¥108,000,000
Note: Parties of six or more will be charged a 12% gratuity fee.
Thank you for dining with us.
Haruka didn’t react. She just stared. Haruto glanced over at the check.
“Whoa… that’s a lot of money.”
Haruka closed her eyes and exhaled slowly. “Majima-san… what is this?”
The Mad Dog shrugged. “Whaddya mean? It’s yer bill.”
“Six people at one plate each does not equal over a hundred million yen!” Haruka suddenly
snapped.
Majima just shrugged. “What can I say? Inflation’s a bitch these days.”
The rest of the party crowded around the bill. They, too, stared, their eyes slowly widening.
“That’s… more money than I’ve seen most of my adult life,” Nanba said slowly.
“Uhhh… do we split this?” Saeko asked nervously.
“If one of my men extorted this much from one person, I’d tell them they were doing too much,”
Seonhee added.
“…Mikiko’s gonna kill me…” Kaito muttered.
“We’re not paying this,” Haruka said, suddenly standing up. “Everyone, we’re leaving.”
Majima clicked his tongue in mock disappointment. “Tch. Dine and dashin’, Haruka-chan? That’s
cold.”
“This is clearly a scam, Majima-san,” Saeko chuckled. “You are not a serious person.”

“Oh, I’m dead serious,” Majima responded. “You know, I worked hard on this food. I worked hard
on the atmosphere. Built this establishment with my own two hands! That’s why I gotta charge the
money that I charge.”
Haruka shook her head. “This is ridiculous. We’re going.”
She and the party started to walk out, which made Majima grin. “Hehe… Haruka-chan, if you don’t
wanna pay up, I’m afraid I’m gonna hafta take action to collect what’s owed to me.”
Nanba’s face paled. “Uh, Haruka-chan… maybe we should just pay? I get that this is ridiculous, but
I don’t really wanna die over curry.”
“With what money?” Saeko asked, an eyebrow raised.
Kaito scoffed. “Man, whatever. Call the cops and tell them we bailed on the bill, we don’t care.
There are laws against what you’re doing here.”
Majima cackled as he followed them out onto the street. “Hee hee! No need to involve them for
somethin’ I could take care of myself! Ya know, cash ain’t the only form of currency I take! I take
credit cards, debit cards… and good old fashioned brawls. I win? You gotta pay up. You win, and
I’ll bankrupt myself comping the meal.”
Haruka stopped, clenched her fists, and turned around. “Majima. My son is here.”
Majima’s grin widened. “Then we better give him a good show!”
Haruto took the hint and fearlessly stepped off to the sidelines, ready to cheer his mother on.
The party formed up behind Haruka, and Majima transformed, starting the battle in his Thug stance
GORO MAJIMA
Ex-Tojo Clan Majima Family Patriarch
Spectators showed up observe the fight, crowds blocking both ends of the footpath.
“This is starting to feel familiar…” Haruka muttered.
Saeko tilted her head. “Yeah, didn’t you say before that this guy used to do this to Kiryu-san kind
of a lot?”
Kaito grunted. “Come to think of it, I remember one of my anikis tellin’ me about a brawl he
witnessed between the Mad Dog of Shimano and the Dragon of Dojima back during the Tojo civil
war. He told me the guy was dressed like a hostess, dukin’ it out with Kiryu. I told him he was full
of shit. Now I’m startin’ to wonder…”
Haruka’s turn was up first, but before she could take it, she heard a woman from behind Majima.
“Excuse me! Pardon me! Can I get through here?”
Haruka tilted her head as a middle-aged woman with chin-length, neatly parted brown hair pushed
her way through the crowd of spectators, rushed past Majima without looking at him, and stopped
in front of Haruka.
Majima’s eye widened in recognition, and he gasped, taking a step back.

The woman bowed politely. “Hi, there! Sorry to interrupt. You’re Haruka Sawamura, right? The
oyabun-goroshi from up in Tokyo?”
Haruka's eyes widened. "The what?! They're calling me what?!"
“Hey, lady, we’re in the middle of somethin’!” Kaito growled. “Can ya move it?”
She turned to Kaito. “I’m sorry, sir. This’ll just be a moment! I just need your matriarch’s help with
something.”
Haruka shook her head. “It’s dangerous here, miss. You need to… huh?” She looked past the
woman.
Majima was gone.
Where did Majima-san go? she thought to herself.
Nanba’s eyes narrowed. “The hell? Did he just… bail?”
The crowd groaned. “Aww, man! The fight’s over?” somebody asked.
“What a rip!” another complained.
“That means I get my wager back, right?”
The crowd quickly dispersed, and soon things were back to normal in Sotenbori. Saeko scratched
her head. “Well, that’s… good, right?”
Haruto returned to Haruka’s side. “Did you win?”
“I guess?” Haruka replied, confused, before glancing back up at the woman. “Miss, I really don’t
know what that was, but you really, really shouldn’t get in the middle of situations that dangerous.”
The woman tilted her head. “Hmm? Oh, were you in the middle of another hit?”
Kaito snorted, causing Haruka to glare at him. “Heh. Sorry, ‘boss’.”
Haruka sighed and shook her head. “Miss, I don’t know what you heard, but whatever it was is
wrong. I’m not yakuza, and I’m not a killer.”
The woman’s eyes widened slightly. “Ah. I see.” She glanced around at passersby. “Right. Surely I
must be mistaken!” she said loudly, before leaning in. “I’m not here to turn you in to the police,”
she said more quietly. “I need your help with something. Something only a real yakuza like you can
help me with.”
Haruka pinched her nose bridge. “I’m not a yakuza.”
“Oh, of course you aren’t.” The woman winked. She bowed again. “Sorry. Let me introduce
myself. I… am Makoto Makimura. I need your help finding somebody. You’ve got ties to the old
Tojo Clan, right?”
“No,” Haruka replied flatly.

“The truth is… I’m looking for a yakuza that used to be in the Tojo Clan. Goro Majima. Do you
know him?”
Haruka shook her head before the question was even fully out. “No, I d— Wait, who? Hold on…
What do you want with Majima?”
Makoto smiled. “So you do know him.”
Haruka glanced around. “I’m not saying I do, and I’m not saying I don’t. But you understand that’s
a dangerous question, right?”
Makoto nodded. “So my husband tells me. But… I really need to find this guy.”
Nanba leaned in to whisper. “This sounds like a trap, Haruka-chan. Majima’s got a lot of enemies…
how do we know she isn’t one of them?”
Haruka nodded in agreement. “I’m sorry. But you’ve got the wrong woman. I’m just a civilian, like
you. I can’t help.”
Makoto looked into her eyes, searching for any sign of deceit… then deflated, hanging her head
and sighing. “Ah… you really aren’t yakuza, huh? That’s disappointing.”
Saeko blinked. “…It is?”
Makoto shook her head. “I’m sorry to bother you all. Thank you, anyway.” With that, she strolled
away. The party watched her go.
“The hell was that about?” Kaito asked.
Haruka shook her head. “I don’t know… but there’s only one way to find out. Let’s find Majimasan.”
Nanba stared at her. “You’re kidding, right?”
“Nope! Come on, I think he went this way.”
Haruka took point, heading back towards the main road. The party, hesitantly, followed her.
…And just around the corner, Makoto watched them.
***
The party (and Haruto) managed to track Majima down to Bar New Momoko in West Shofukucho.
Saeko looked up at the signage as they climbed the stairs. “Oh. This is where you kissed me.”
Haruka froze. “Do you have to bring that up now?” she asked, scowling.
Kaito snorted. “Say, who’s winnin’ anyhow?”
Saeko raised an eyebrow. “…Winning what?” she asked
Haruka sighed and glared at Kaito, who just laughed and held out his pinkie. “Heh… sorry, ‘boss’.
I will atone. Ya want the joint, or the whole damn finger?”

Two passersby glared judgmentally at Haruka and Kaito as they left the bar and saw this display,
causing Haruka to sigh again and Kaito to laugh even harder.
“Oh, this is too easy…” he chuckled.
The group entered the snack bar. As they entered, music began to play out of the Joysound
machine’s speakers, a melancholic, acoustic tune. Haruka looked at the corner where the machine
was set up. “Huh?”
Majima was standing at the microphone. The screen behind him read “As Long As You’re Happy”.
Nanba groaned. “What’s he up to now?”
Majima’s lips parted as his verse approached:
“Let’s say
Just for now
That I was a king
With the power to
Shape the whole wide world to my will.
If that happened,
I could assemble a harem of beautiful lovers just for me, babe,
But if it made you so much as frown
I’d say no.”
Haruka’s eyes widened, then softened as she sat in a booth with the others. Majima glanced at
them, but did not otherwise as acknowledge them, his attention seemingly fully on the song.
“I could live
In an old shack out in the sticks
With a mattress as cold and as damp as a grave.
And the only pillow I’d have to rest my head on would be as hard as a tombstone, fittingly.
But if I knew it would help you smile,
It’s okay.”
He took up a rougher tone as the music kicked up a notch. He dabbed a tear from his eye as he
continued,
“Skin me alive,
Poke out my eye,
And send me to hell.
Where I would burn to a crisp and fryyyy in the cool breeze.”
He blinked away another tear and sniffled.
“If it kept you from crying I would do it ten times—a THOOUUUSAND times more!”
Majima’s mind flashed back to that moment, 34 years ago, when he made the decision that changed
the entire trajectory of his life. A lone, scared blind woman, standing feet apart from him in the
cold alleys of Sotenbori, while he held a dagger behind his back.

“If you’re happy
Then so am I.
I don’t mind
At all.
Let me suffer here.
Let me be alone.
Bring it on!”
As the frightened woman broke down into tears, the Majima of the past did something that violated
every yakuza’s basic common sense.
He comforted her. He grabbed her hand. And he ran with her.
“If you’re smiling
Then so am I
Just as long as you’re fine.
Don’t ever cry
Or say you’re sorry.
Just keep going.”
He remembered the woman falling to her knees, sobbing, begging him to protect her.
And he did.
“If you’re alive
Then so am I
I don’t mind at all!
Don’t be sad!
No, not you!
You’re too beautiful!”
As more and more memories of this woman flashed through his mind, Majima began to straight-up
ugly cry as he sang his heart out.
“If you’re happy
If you’re happy
That’s aLl I EvEr NeEd~!
I’ll thank heaven
Every morning
To have met you.”
Majima sobbed as he remembered them standing together in the dim light of the Club Odyssey
warehouse.
“IIIIII love you.
IIIIII love you.
If you need
To let me go now
I’m ready.”
The woman’s busted watch, a reminder of when her life was normal, flashed through Majima’s
mind. He smirked—he had fixed that damn watch twice over twenty years! But if it made her

happy, he’d do it a third time.
“IIII love you.
IIIIII love you.
I’ll be fine
And I’ll be brave
Come tomorrow.”
His thoughts flashed to her sleeping form. Despite the trauma she endured, the horrible things she
witnessed and had done for her… she looked so peaceful in sleep.
“As long as you’re happy and safe…
That’s all that I need.”
As the song came to an end, he remembered walking away from her for the last time, her sight
returned to her but his face unfamiliar, as he decided that she did not deserve the pain of having
him in her life, and he did not deserve the comfort of having her.
Majima sighed as he hung the mic back up on its stand, then gestured for Haruka to join him at the
bar. She did so, sitting beside him as he glanced up at the bartender.
“Yo. Two Suntories on the rock,” he muttered. Two glasses were brought and set down in front of
them; Haruka reached for one, but Majima smirked. “Whoa, hold on, there. These’re both for me,
Haruka-chan.” Haruka withdrew her hand, causing him to laugh. “Hah! I suppose I can be
persuaded to part with one of ‘em. We’ll add it to your ¥108 million tab!”
Haruka tilted her head. “Majima-san… that woman back there… she told me her name was Makoto
Makimura, and that she knew you.”
“Tateyama,” Majima corrected.
“…Huh?”
“Makimura is her maiden name,” Majima explained. “Kind of. It’s complicated. But she’s married,
now. So she's Makoto Tateyama. She has been for a very long time.” He took a big gulp of his
drink. “And I’m happy for her. But it’s just one more reason I can’t be anywhere near her.”
“Who is she? Why is she approaching random yakuza looking for you?”
“Why she’s lookin’ for little old me, I don’t got a clue,” he admitted. “As for who she is… well,
that’s complicated, too.”
He stared into his glass. “A long time ago… way before you were born… I was workin’ at a
cabaret right here in Sotenbori.”
“This was before you joined the yakuza?” Haruka asked, to which Majima shook his head.
“Nah. After. Thing is, I had actually been expelled from the clan in ‘85. I won’t bore ya with the
‘why’, but I basically spent a year gettin’ tortured over it. It’s how I lost my eye,” he added,
gesturing to his eyepatch. “After that was over, I got sent here. My patriarch stuck me with his oath
brother, some Omi Alliance patriarch who owned a lot of night businesses here.” He briefly
remembered Tsukasa Sagawa. The guy was a real prick, but Majima supposed he wasn’t so bad

when it really counted. “He told me that, once I paid off my debt, I’d be allowed back into the
clan.”
He took another swig of his drink. “So, for two years, I worked for a buncha Omi assholes and
managed the Cabaret Grand, where I emotionally castrated myself for a buncha regular assholes
with too much money to spend. All so I could make a hundred million yen. Once that was done, I’d
finally be able to rejoin the Tojo Clan.
“So, one cold December night, 34 years ago, I had finished my work, I thought for good.” He
sighed. “I brought the money to Sagawa… and the deal changed on me. Now I needed to make five
hundred mil.”
“Half a billion yen…?!” Haruka muttered. She literally could not imagine ever having that much
money.
Majima nodded. “Half a bil… or… I take a job that would clear my debt instantly.”
Haruka tilted her head. “And that job was…?”
Majima sighed. “I had… to perform a hit. I had to kill someone. Now, in the yakuza, you pretty
much accept when you sign up that you’re gonna have to get your hands dirty eventually. I knew it.
Saejima knew it. Kiryu-chan knew it. We all took that oath regardless.” He took another sip. “But
accepting that eventuality and suddenly being faced with it are two entirely different things. I
wasn’t sure I could do it… especially when I finally came face to face with the target.”
“Makoto Makimura,” Haruka deduced.
Majima nodded. “Bingo. Turned out she owned a little parcel of land in Kamurocho. The Empty
Lot. And the Tojo Clan, who owned everything else in the area, was fightin’ a little civil war to get
ownership of that lot. The Clan needed it to redevelop that whole area, so whoever delivered the lot
would basically become a king.”
Haruka put a finger to her chin. “But if she’s still alive…”
Majima chuckled. “I couldn’t do it. Pathetic, ain’t it? All I had to do to get back into the family I
swore myself to was take out one helpless little blind girl, and I couldn’t do it.”
“She didn’t look very blind to me,” Haruka replied.
“It was psychological or whatever,” Majima explained. “She had been through a lot of awful shit.
Stuff that makes me sick to my stomach, just thinkin’ about it. Her brain just kinda… shut her
vision down just so she didn’t have to look at all the terrible, terrible stuff that was being done to
her. Her husband’s a doctor, and he was able to restore her eyesight back in ‘89.
“Anyway… I betrayed the Omi Alliance, and the Tojo Clan, just to keep her safe while I figured
out just what the hell was going on. Now, I didn’t know it right away, but Kiryu-chan? He was
workin’ the same case in Tokyo! Hee hee~! I guess our fates’ve been intertwined for basically our
entire lives!”
He finished his drink and set the glass down. “Ahh… anyway. You don’t need a whole recap. Point
is, I was supposed to kill her. I didn’t. Instead… I fell in love with her. But a yakuza can’t play

house and still be a yakuza. And anyway… I was tainted. She wasn’t. So… I let her go.” He sighed.
“And I don’t regret it. She’s so much happier without me in her life. That’s the way it should be.
“So, if ya bump into her again, tell her I’m dead in a ditch somewhere or some shit. Drank myself
to death or got stabbed or shot or whatever. I don’t know why she’s lookin’ for me, and honestly, I
don’t care. Our worlds were never meant to intersect.”
Haruka chuckled. “Hehe… I think I’ll spare her the depressing explanation and say I just don’t
know you.”
Majima smirked. “Hey, works for me.”
They clinked their glasses and continued drinking.
Meanwhile, downstairs, Makoto, having followed Haruka to Bar New Momoko, glanced up at the
door and crossed her arms. “Alright, with any luck, Haruka Sawamura will have led me straight to
Goro Majima.”
Before she could walk up the stairs, though, she felt a hand grab her elbow. “Ah!”
Three drunk men in suits had approached her, their faces red. “Hey!” the man holding her arm
slurred. “Are ya that lady tha’s goin’ around askin’ people about some Tojo Clan reject?” He leaned
in close. “Yer not with that Shin Tojo Alliance are ya?! We don't need to be taken care of by some
gangsters! ”
Makoto shook her head. “No, I’m not. I—!”
“You think I'm a fuckin' idiot?! This town don’t need the yakuza anymore!” he spat. “Things are
goin’ just fine without the Omi Alliance… Even in this city, people do just fine, without any 'help'
from the fucking yakuza. They make an honest living, unlike you, you fucking yakuza!”
Makoto tried to yank free, but he gripped tighter. "How many times do I have to tell you? I'm not
yakuza! Why won't you listen to me?!"
"Fuck you!" the man spat. "Maybe us regular folk gotta teach you yakuza a lesson..."
Upstairs, Majima, having finished his drink, stepped out and stretched, with Haruka and her party
following close behind. “So, what’s next for ya, Haruka-chan?”
Haruka sighed. “Not sure. I still have business to settle in Tokyo, so…”
“Please, sir, you’re hurting me!”
Majima and Haruka looked down the stairs. “Huh?” Majima hummed. His eye widened. “What…
the fuck?”
Makoto yelled out as she struggled. “Let go of me! Somebody, help!”
“Ain’t nobody’s comin’ ta help ya, yakuza!” the drunk man grabbing her slurred, before pulling out
a knife. “Maybe there needs ta be a little street justice… keep our town clean!”
“I don’t even look like yakuza!” Makoto protested.

Haruka’s eyes narrowed. “Bastards…” she muttered. “Majima-san, we should… Majima-san?” She
turned to her right.
Majima was gone.
Makoto continued to struggle against the man’s grip. “Please, I’m begging you!”
The man held his knife up to her face, grinning wickedly. “I’m gonna be a hero…!”
“Hey, asshole!” a voice called from behind him.
The man turned. “Huh?”
Majima stood behind him, arms crossed. “You got five seconds to let her go before I cut yer
goddamn hand off.”
Makoto’s eyes widened. “Ah! You…!”
Majima’s eye flicked to her, then back to her assailant. “Ya got the wrong lady. Does she look like
yakuza to you, dumbass?”
The man let go of Makoto, glaring at Majima. “‘Scuse me?!”
Majima shook his head. “Nah… I don’t think that’s what this is about. Yer wife ain’t givin’ you any
at home, is that it? Boo fuckin’ hoo. Don’t make it everyone else’s problem. There’s nothin’ that
makes me more sick than a little prick like you who thinks he can hurt innocent, defenseless
women like that! She never fuckin’ hurt anyone! So anyone who hurts her? They gotta answer to
me. Personally.”
The man glare hardened. “ASSHOLE!” he roared. “I’ll fuckin’ kill you too, then!”
Haruka joined Majima’s side, ready to help anyway she could. Majima chuckled. “Heh… if you
wanna try! Just don’t run home cryin’ when ya get more than ya bargained for!” Lowering into his
Thug stance as Haruka took up her own stance, he grinned. “You taggin’ in for this one, Harukachan?” he asked.
She nodded. “Yeah. Stuff like this… makes me really angry.”
His grin widened, and he cackled. “Hee hee! Now that’s what I wanna hear! Let’s show ‘em who
they’re messin’ with… HARUKA-CHAN~!”

Chapter 87: Reign
Haruka and Majima stood together against three drunk salarymen, who transformed. After a flash
of light, their ties were around their heads, their eyes glowed red, and each one carried a bottle of
liquor.
DRUNKARDS
Two of them shambled around the battlefield, their slowly emptying bottles held like weapons—
weapons they occasionally drank from. The Sujidex app on Haruka’s phone labeled these two men
“Drunkabouts”.
The leader instead danced on one foot, hopping between his left foot and the other as he wound up
a punch, like he was hyping himself up for a big hit that never came. This man was labeled “Party
Fouler”.
The fact that they were sloshed at noon was an uninteresting sight to most passersby; this was, after
all, Sotenbori. The fight itself, though, drew more than a few spectators.
“Buncha amateurs,” Majima scoffed. As the fastest on the field, he moved first, hitting the Party
Fouler—the instigator, in his mind—with a strong uppercut that launched him impossibly high in
the air. He then jumped up after the man and struck him with a flurry of punches, before pulling out
his Demonfire Dagger and stabbing downwards with incredible force, sending the man down to the
ground and pinning him. He yanked his dagger out, inflicting additional bleed damage on the way
out.
Having performed an attack that ended on a bladed attack, Majima now stood in his Mad Dog
stance, left hand outstretched, his right hand gripping his dagger. This meant that any basic attack
performed next would do slash damage, rather than strike damage.
Haruka moved next, attacking a Drunkabout with a right midkick and a launching split kick, before
turning on her toe and launching herself into a dropkick, sending the airborne enemy across the
street.
The Party Fouler stood up and approached Haruka. He popped his bottle open and sprayed her with
liquor. This didn’t do much damage… but it did make her drunk. She held her stance the best she
could, but her suddenly unsure footing betrayed her.
“Thasnot good,” she slurred as she swayed.
Majima cackled. “You gotta train your liver up a bit, kid!”
A Drunkabout stumbled over to Majima and smacked him over the head with a bottle, damaging
him slightly. The other did the same to Haruka.
Majima’s next turn came around. With his blade now out, he slashed the Party Fouler repeatedly,
ending with a forceful sideways kick to his chest, sending him sprawling across the floor. He then
put his blade away, switching back to his Thug stance.

Haruka’s turn was next, but she, unfortunately, was simply too drunk to care. “Oh… gravity is
tilted…” she mumbled as she swayed uselessly, her face hot and red.
The Party Fouler then approached Haruka, swung his bottle at her, and then roundhouse kicked her,
sending her sprawling to the ground. Her attempt to stand up was… pitiful to say the least, given
her state.
A Drunkabout chugged his bottle, restoring some health. The second Drunkabout tried to grab
Majima, but the Mad Dog rolled backwards to dodge, struck a pose, and wagged his finger. “Too
slow!” he taunted.
As his turn came back around, Majima stood up, grabbed a nearby bicycle, and smashed it into the
second Drunkabout, knocking him out.
On her next turn, Haruka simply flailed, attacking the Party Fouler with a right hook and a left
roundhouse, which at least did more than the zero damage she did on her previous turn. The Party
Fouler retaliated by spraying more alcohol on her, but as she was already drunk, the minuscule
amount of damage was all he could do.
Having chugged a lot of alcohol to heal on his previous turn, the remaining Drunkabout skipped his
turn. This gave Majima an opening; he lowered his stance, pulled out his blade, and then, with
impossible speed that almost made it appear as if he was teleporting, dashed through the enemy
with his knife out, appearing behind him in a flash. This knocked the enemy out, and he fell to the
ground defeated, leaving only the Party Fouler left.
At this point, it should be noted, the crowd was really getting into this, with spectators clapping,
cheering, and pumping their fists. They didn’t really care who was winning, just as long as there
was a winner and a loser to begin with. Even the normally solemn Makoto clasped her hands
together, delighted that the men who attacked her were getting their comeuppance.
Nobody was more stoked than Haruto, however; the boy jumped into the air and cheered with each
successful attack by Haruka or Majima. Really, it was like a shonen anime come to life for him, and
his mom was the… slightly delusional all-loving hero.
As her next turn came around, Haruka finally sobered up. “You won’t get me again!” she exclaimed
as she attacked the Party Fouler with a backflip, launching the enemy into the air; he fell and
landed painfully directly on his skull, then flipped onto his stomach.
“Ow!” He stood up and punted his liquor bottle at Majima like a football, damaging him
moderately, then pulled an identical bottle seemingly out of nowhere.
Majima decided to end this battle now, and end it right; standing side by side with Haruka, he
pulled his dagger out and held his stance. “Ready for this, Haruka-chan?” he asked.
“It’s showtime!” she responded.
TAG TEAM: ESSENCE OF THE MAD DOG
He flipped on his hand, landed on his feet, and slashed at Party Fouler twice, before chucking his
dagger in the air, then punching him in the gut.

Haruka came from behind him, performed a handstand, and then caught the blade by its handle on
her toe; she windmill kicked the dagger into the Party Fouler’s chest with enough speed to
effectively sheath it in there. He gripped the handle and struggled painfully to pull it out, blood
streaming from the wound.
Majima slowly approached with a grin. “You’re so pathetic!” he sneered as he yanked the blade
out, sending blood spraying everywhere. The pain was too much, and the man collapsed,
unconscious, ending the fight.
The three drunkards rolled around on the floor, groaning. The leader of the trio rolled onto his back,
staring up. His eyes widened.
The psycho who laid him out like this was standing over him. Staring. Grinning. “Heh! Lousy
dance partners… Ya ready for round two?” Majima asked. The man quickly shook his head. “Hehe!
Then ya better get gone! Tell ya what… I’ll give you a head start, before my friend and I here go in
for seconds.” He held up a hand. “Five…”
The man cried out in panic and quickly scrambled to his feet. “Four…”
He picked up his two buddies. “C-come on, let’s go. Let’s GO!”
“Three…” Majima said with a smirk as the three men gathered their bearings. “Two…”
“RUN!!!” the men yelled as they booked it down the street.
Majima’s smirk softened. His fingers remained at two. Then he grinned again. “I’m sure they
learned their lesson,” he chuckled as he started… casually stepping after them.
“W-wait a second!” Makoto called after him. Majima froze in his step. “You… you’re Goro
Majima, right?” she asked. “The yakuza who… who saved my life, all of those years ago.”
Majima didn’t turn around, but he didn’t continue walking either. “…Y’oughta go, miss. I ain’t the
type of company you oughta be keeping.”
“That isn’t for you to decide!” Makoto protested.
“The guy you’re lookin’ for is dead,” Majima insisted, still without turning around. “He died a
long, long time ago. Sorry to disappoint ya.”
Haruka’s brow furrowed. “Majima-san…”
Makoto stepped after him. “1988. You… you saved me. You were supposed to kill me. And you
saved me.” She let out a dry laugh, wiping a tear from her eye. “And then I went and almost got
myself killed anyway, trying to play kingmaker in a world I had no clue about. And then I never
saw you again. Which means I never got to thank you. Not really. Sure, one day you strolled into
my massage parlor. But I didn’t know it was you. How could I, with that whole… midlife crisis
getup you have going on?”
Majima sighed. “That ain’t very nice.”
“Why did you just… disappear?” Makoto asked.

Majima didn’t answer immediately. Instead, he gripped his coat by the shoulder and threw it off,
baring his Hannya irezumi to the world. He stood there silently a moment longer, his back still to
her. “The world I’m from… it ain’t for you to linger around. This ink on my back is proof of the
choice I made. The oath I swore. I may not have a clan anymore… but that don’t mean I ain’t still
yakuza. I’m dangerous. Don’t you get it? Hang around me too long… and you’re bound to get hurt
again.”
She scoffed. “You idiot… back then, the same man with that tattoo was the only one who didn’t
want me dead! And I was denied the opportunity to thank him for 34 years!”
Majima shook his head and turned around. “Ya wanna thank me? Go live your life. When I became
the Mad Dog… I did it knowing that, somewhere out there, you were happy. Away from all of this.
Ya went and got yourself married… probably had a couple of kids, too! You escaped the world that
I couldn’t. What better thank you is there than that?”
Makoto’s eyes softened. “…I am happy. But that happiness isn’t predicated on you… erasing
yourself. You need to live. Really live.”
Majima grinned. “Trust me, lady… I’m livin’ it up! It might be a little too crazy for some people,
but this? This is who I am now. And I’m okay with it. But I mean it. The only thing that really
makes me happy… is knowin’ that you’re happy.” His grin widened and he cackled. “Hehe! As
long as you’re happy, I don’t got a care in the world, eyahaha! Heh… Uh… But… seriously. It’s
best to just forget about me. Ya wanted to thank me to my face? Well, you’ve done that. No more
reason for me to exist in your world.” He smirked. “Heh. Unless ya want me showin’ up for
Christmas dinner! Somehow, though, I don’t think your family would appreciate that.”
Makoto’s frown grew into a soft smile. “Heh. Yeah, I guess. …Okay. Well… thank you, again.”
She bowed. “Seriously. Everything I have in my life now… it’s thanks to you. I could never, ever
forget you. So quit hoping I will. Alright?”
Majima crossed his arms and nodded, his smile softening. “Hmph. If you say so. Now, go. I’m sure
your husband’s wondering where the hell you got off to. Don’t want him worryin’ too much.”
“You know, he wanted to thank you too,” Makoto revealed. “Actually… he helped me track you
down. He’s the one that figured out you’d be in Sotenbori.”
Majima chuckled. “Heh. Idiot. What if I had stolen you away? He’d have kicked himself for that,
I’m sure.”
Makoto chuckled, then bowed once more. “Well, Goro Majima… goodbye. Actually… we’re
leaving Japan again after Christmas. So I don’t know when I’ll see you again.”
Majima nodded. “That’s alright. Like I said, all I need is the knowledge that you’re safe, and happy.
Maybe send a postcard sometime.”
Makoto tilted her head. “…Send a postcard where?”
He shrugged. “Eh. Anywhere. I’ll find it, don’t worry.”
She laughed. “Hehe… alright.” She waved. “Take care of yourself. Okay?”
He nodded. “You too.”

With that, Makoto turned to Haruka. “…Heh. You almost had me fooled.”
Haruka frowned. “What.”
“There’s no way you aren’t the oyabun-goroshi,” she chuckled. “Being able to keep up with this
guy in a fight? Yeah. Okay.” She walked away, smiling.
Haruka watched her go. “…Ugh.”
Majima cackled. “Eyahaha! Your rep ain’t ever leavin’ you! Welcome to the club, Haruka-chan!”
Haruka shook her head. “I can’t wait to get back to Okinawa…”
Majima held a finger up. “Ah, but until then… Let’s give that kid of yours the night on the town he
deserves, eh? Whaddya say we take a little jaunt around Osaka, show ‘im what this town’s really all
about?”
“You know, that doesn’t sound like such a bad idea,” Saeko mused. “If we’re only here for one
more day, I mean. Might as well make the most of it.”
Haruka looked at Haruto. “Well, Haruto? What do you want to do?”
Haruto smiled. “If this really is our last day in Osaka… then I wanna see it all!”
Majima grinned. “Hee hee~! Now that’s what I like to hear! Come on, everyone, follow me! Come
to think of it… I can’t remember the last time I was here without a gun to my head.”
And so, the party, led by Majima, decided to forget all of their troubles for just one day. The group
galavanted around Sotenbori first, taking photos in front of iconic landmarks; they took photos up
and down Sotenbori Street, in front of all of the wild restaurant signage.
The owner of the Big Bang Burger franchise that Haruto and Joongi Han had previously patronized
happened to see him out the window, introduced herself to Haruka, and joined them for one photo;
this meant that Haruto got to see the cute little cat she called her friend once more, much to the
cat’s dismay—Haruka got a rather adorable photo of Haruto hugging the annoyed feline, before the
party moved on.
They posed beneath the Glico Man, Haruto laughing as Majima threw his arms up completely
wrong.
Kaito got to eat all of the Osakan cuisine he could ever want. Takoyaki, kushikatsu, skewers from
the only place in town with no English menu, which according to him, was “how you know it’s
good”. He alone must have consumed at least six thousand calories that day.
As the sun set, they walked the canal, neon rippling in the water from the signs above. Majima
bought Haruto a ton of souvenirs he definitely did not need.
He brought them to Club Four Shine, and introduced them to an old friend of Majima’s, Yuki, who
once again berated the Mad Dog for disappearing for several years. Amusingly, she seemed to be
the only woman who could make Majima shrink.
They rode the ferris wheel above the Sotenbori Battle Arena, which appeared to be rebranding;
signage reading “Paradise VR Osaka” was in the process of being lifted onto the facade, while a

small handwritten sign by the construction site advertised already-open locations in Tokyo and
Yokohama, as well as an upcoming location in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Eventually, they made their way to Shinsekai, ate kushikatsu for dinner, where Kaito insisted there
be no double dipping (there was). Nanba pointed out a large Billiken statue; apparently it was some
sort of American deity and was a popular Osakan attraction.
“Ya gotta rub its feet for good luck, or good vibes, or somethin’ like that,” Majima explained.
“You’re making that up, Majima-san,” Haruka sighed.
“Nope. He’s right,” Kaito remarked. “They say if you rub the Billiken’s feet, all of your cares will
disappear.”
Saeko sighed. “You know, I’m not superstitious or anything, but we really could use all the good
luck we can get right now.”
Haruka shrugged, and approached the statue. The entire party rubbed its feet, while Majima held
Haruto up so he could reach it.
“…Anyone feeling any good vibes yet?” Nanba asked.
Haruka nodded. “You know, strangely, I do.”
After a moment of silence, Saeko suddenly spoke up. “You know… this reminds me of the time I
had to kick a client out of the club a few weeks back. He was really into feet and it creeped out all
of the girls, so—.”
“I think we’re done,” Haruka suddenly said, shaking her head as she pulled her hands off of the
statue. The rest of the party followed suit.
They ended the walking tour at Tsutenkaku Tower, making their way up to the observation deck,
where they found yet another wooden Billiken statue, now tainted by Saeko’s inappropriate story.
As they looked out into the city, really taking in the sights for the first time, Haruka allowed herself
a small smile. While Majima held Haruto up so he could get a really good view, Saeko, Nanba,
Seonhee, and Kaito came up behind Haruka and gazed upon the city with her.
They were silent for a moment, before Saeko chimed in. “Whatever happens next, Haruka… we’re
with you. 100% of the way.”
Kaito grinned. “Heh. Yeah. Whatever the world wants to throw at us tomorrow… we’ll throw right
back at it!”
“With interest,” Nanba finished.
“But let’s not forget to have fun along the way,” Seonhee added. “Wouldn’t want the world to think
it’s getting under our skin.”
With a smile, Haruka nodded. “Yeah.”
The party stood for a moment longer, before Majima cut in. “Hey, enough with the sappy shit
already!” he said. “Come on! There’s a karaoke place down the road. Let’s sing the night away,

people!” He started making his way down the stairs with Haruto. Haruka glanced at her
companions, shrugged, and followed.
Nobody was quite sure what tomorrow would bring, but as Haruka and Majima sang a duet in
Karaokeken Shinsekai—Get To The Top, a song from Haruka’s childhood that, for some reason,
Majima knew all of the lyrics to (but messed up anyway)—the party was sure things would turn out
alright… unaware of the wheelchair-bound man who had been tailing them all night, quietly
awaiting the moment he could introduce himself.
~Substory End~

Chapter 88: Rise Like A Phoenix
The party arrived at Akame’s after parting ways with Majima, who claimed he’d meet them in
Tokyo. Haruka had urged him to come with them.
“Hehe! Dunno if I can go a whole train ride with Kiryu-chan without gettin’ the urge to fight him!”
he replied. “Don’t worry. If ya need me, I’ll only be a call away!” He saluted her, then walked
away. “Remember… don’t do anything I wouldn’t do, Haruka-chan~!”
Kaito chuckled after the Mad Dog was gone. “Y’know, he’s not so bad, when he’s not trying to kill
you.” He turned to Haruka. “If there’s anything else you need to take care of in Sotenbori, now’s
the time. I’m thinkin’ we won’t be able to come back for a while.”
Haruka tilted her head and thought about it. “I think we’re ready to go,” she said as she entered
Akame’s hideout. Taichi was fully suited up again, leaning against the wall—though he winced
with movement. “Are you feeling okay?” Haruka asked. “Don’t push yourself.”
“I’m fine,” Taichi insisted. “But, uh, Uncle Kaz insisted I go see a real doctor.”
“Nothing against you, Nanba,” Kiryu added as he came from the other room. “You saved his life.
And I’m grateful for that. But…”
Nanba waved him off. “Nah, I get it. Wanna get him checked out by an actual medical professional.
That’s smart.”
Kiryu nodded. “So while you guys head to Yokohama, I’ll need to take him to Totou University
Hospital. It’s in Tokyo, so I’ll stay on the train while you guys transfer at Shin-Yokohama.”
Haruka tilted her head. “What about Hanawa?”
“I phoned ahead,” Kiryu replied. “Told him I’d be a bit late. He said he’ll be in Ijincho for a while
regardless, pending further instruction from HQ.”
“Totou’s in Shinjuku…” Kasuga noted. “The Daidoji gonna be okay with that?”
Kiryu exhaled out of his nose. “Hanawa said as long as I don’t step foot in Kamurocho, I’ll be
fine.”
Haruka looked around the room, taking a headcount. Kiryu, Kasuga, Taichi, Adachi, Zhao, Joongi,
Yagami, Sugiura, plus the ones who accompanied her with Majima… “Hm?” she hummed, tilting
her head. “Hey… where’s Chihiro?”
Taichi sighed. “…She slipped away. Not for any nefarious reason I think, I think… she wants to
keep herself far away from us. Like she doesn’t deserve forgiveness, or something.”
Kasuga glanced at Kiryu. “Mm. Hey, Kiryu-san… Haruka-chan… We should try and find her
before we go. Taichi’s worried about her, and… I am too.”
“I’d go too,” Taichi said, “but moving around still hurts like hell. Haruka… can you bring her back
for me?”

Haruka nodded. “Of course.” She turned to Kiryu and Kasuga. “Come on. Let’s go.”
Akame flagged her down. “Hey! Before ya do… here.” She approached and handed each of them,
as well as Yagami, an earpiece.
Yagami tilted his head. “An earpiece?”
“I can’t leave Osaka, but I still wanna help out,” Akame noted. “That earpiece is special. It’s got a
camera on it too, and it links directly to my computer system. It works by piggybacking off of
existing cellphone networks using an encrypted transmission, so it’s not traceable. This way, I can
still help you guys in fights and stuff. Think of me like… your Navigator.”
Akame has joined the party!
Haruka put the earpiece on, as did the others. It didn’t go into her ear, but rather over it. Suddenly,
she heard Akame’s voice, both in the room and in her head: “Pretty cool, huh? It works through
bone conduction, so other people can’t hear what I’m sayin’ to ya.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “Bone what-now? That’s gotta be some sci-fi shit. I mean, I’m pretty sure I
played a video game once with this sort of thing.”
Akame nodded. “Yeah, the modern age is crazy, ain’t it? Here’s the craziest part; it’s a modified
commercial product. Raycon. You can go buy a headset just like that right now at Donki!”
“That’s… insane,” Kiryu muttered. “Science fiction technology, with retail convenience… what
will the world come up with next?”
“And I’m not the only one who’s gonna be helpin’ you out!” Akame added. “Somethin’ tells me
y’all are gonna be splittin’ up a lot to cover more ground. So I set up a little… network.” She
tapped a key on her keyboard. “Alright everyone. Introduce yourselves!”
“Haruka!” a familiar voice said in her ear. “It’s Amasawa. I’ll be your Navigator going forward.”
Haruka smiled and nodded, even though Amasawa couldn’t see her. “I’m glad to have you guiding
me, Amasawa.”
Somebody spoke up in Yagami’s ear. “Long time no see, Yagami-shi!” he said.
Yagami smirked. “Makoto Tsukumo. It hasn’t been that long. I take it you’re my Mission Control?”
Tsukumo laughed. “Hee hee! Guilty as charged! Well, actually… not guilty, since the charges were
dropped. Which means it’s basically just Haruka Sawamura and Kaito-san on the hook now, right?”
Yagami nodded. “Yeah. But we’re working on that.”
“Well, I know you’ll set everything right! You always do.”
Akame gestured to Kasuga and Kiryu. “Kasuga. Joryu. I’ll be the voice in your heads, for now.”
Kasuga nodded. “Happy to have ya on the team!” He then turned to Haruka and Kiryu. “Come on.
Let’s see if we can’t figure out where Chihiro-chan went.”

Yagami approached them. “I’m coming, too. Don’t wanna let Kiryu-san out of my sight. He might
disappear again.”
Kiryu sighed as the group stepped out onto the streets. “What exactly is it you want from me,
detective?”
Yagami leaned in close. “There was a man in custody who did a lot of awful things to a lot of good
people. Murdered an innocent woman in cold blood.” Sawa-sensei. “And he had dirt on the
government that was complicit in his crimes. A couple of weeks ago, he went and hanged himself
in his cell. But I knew that man. He wasn’t suicidal.” His eyes narrowed. “I think… he was
murdered. And I think the Daidoji Faction had something to do with it.”
Kiryu scoffed, and though he gathered Yagami was referring to Soma, Soma, in Kiryu’s mind, was
a dealt with threat not worth re-litigating. “Well, that may very well be true. I wouldn’t know,
though. That’s not in my wheelhouse.”
“That’s why I want to talk to your handler,” Yagami replied. “This… Hanawa. I think he has the
answers I want. But I need to stick close to you to get to him.”
“You’re very upfront about your manipulations,” Kiryu joked.
“It’s not manipulation if I tell you what’s going on ahead of time.”
“Hmph. I suppose so.”
“I assume you’re talking about Kazuki Soma, Yagami-san,” Haruka said. Then, a bit colder, she
asked “Does it really matter what happened to him? He got what he deserved.”
Kiryu turned to glance at Haruka. “Hm? What makes you say that? You didn’t know him, I’m
sure.”
Haruka shook her head. “No. But… he’s the one who murdered Yuta. Majima-san said so.”
Kiryu halted in his step. His jaw clenched. His fists clenched, his knuckles turning white. “…I see.”
A white hot primal rage welled up inside of him. Hanawa… we have a lot to discuss. “I’m sorry,
Haruka.”
Yagami raised an eyebrow. “Something the matter, Kiryu?”
Kiryu shook his head. “No. But Haruka’s right. Regardless of what happened to… this man you
speak of… He can’t hurt anyone anymore.” And if he does, he’ll answer to me.
Kasuga sighed, scratching the back of his neck. “Man… I’m sorry, Haruka-chan.”
Haruka shook her head. “It’s… not what I should be focused on right now.”
The party arrived at the canals, where they found Chihiro leaning against a railing, smoking a
cigarette, staring at her reflection in the water. “Plannin’ on skippin’ town on us?” Kasuga asked
with a chuckle.
Chihiro didn’t turn. “I guess it was too much to ask for you guys to just forget about me, huh?”

Kasuga grinned and leaned up on the railing next to her. “Yup! That’s not really how we roll.
Besides, is runnin’ for the rest of your life really what you wanna do? ‘Cause that’s what you’re
signing up for if you decide to go all lone wolf on us.”
“Maybe it’s what I deserve,” Chihiro replied without hesitation. “I dunno… maybe I’m not
planning on running? Maybe I’m just waiting for the Daidoji to find me. Put an end to it all.”
Kasuga frowned. “Hey. Don’t talk like that. Okay? That ain’t what you deserve.” He gestured to
Haruka. “Even she doesn’t think so, and she’s probably the one who should. So knock it off.
Alright?”
Chihiro still didn’t turn to him. Instead, she gazed over at a spot under the Iwao Bridge. “That’s
where I used to sleep,” she muttered. “Back when I was still drifting from town to town. That
bridge was my cover, and whatever garbage I could find was my pillow.”
“I know the feeling,” Kasuga replied. “It’s rough.”
“The chief of the homeless community sat down next to me, my second or third night here,” she
continued. “Told me somebody as young as me shouldn’t be festering like that. I was 17. He
handed me a flyer from a local fast food place. Said it wasn’t glamorous, and it wouldn’t pay rent,
but there were places around that were hiring high schoolers for part time work so I could at least
feed myself, and maybe pull my weight around the encampment that was here back then.”
She sighed. “I was desperate for money, so I took the job. It felt dirty. Not the work itself. But… I
was probably the only homeless person in all of Sotenbori who could get that job. The Chief told
me… mostly everyone else here was actively looking for work, but few could find any. They were
never given a reason, but I knew what it was. I was young and attractive. I was… mostly clean.
These guys were all in their forties, bathing in the canal, a lot of them only owned one set of
clothes that looked more like rags.
“Appearances. That’s why these people were homeless. It wasn’t because they were lazy, or
because they were drunks, or addicts. But because they looked that way, that’s how society treated
them.” Her grip on the railing tightened. “It made me sick. These people never even had a chance. I
realized then why so many of them just… stopped trying. What other options did they have?”
She exhaled, and her grip loosened. “The Chief was like a second father to me after that. Any jobs
he heard about, he made sure I knew about. He barely even asked for anything in return. I was
expected to pay as much into the encampment as anyone else was.” She shuddered. “And how did I
thank him? By putting a bullet in his head.”
Kasuga turned to her. “You didn’t do that. Mabuchi did that. He put the gun in your hand, forced
you to pull the trigger. That’s not on you.” He shrugged. “And… let’s say it was. Doesn’t mean you
deserve to be erased for it.”
Kiryu approached her on the other side. “Chihiro… I may not be the one who killed Jingu. But I am
responsible nonetheless. I want you to know that if I had known you existed all those years ago,
you wouldn’t have been left behind. I took in Haruka as my own, and I’d have done the same for
you. It may be too late to save your past, but… it’s not too late to make sure you have a future.”
Yagami lit a cigarette of his own. “If you were planning to turn yourself in to the police, I’d
probably be the one guy here telling you that you should.” He blew out a puff of smoke over the
canal. “But you’re not. You’re saying you deserve to be killed for everything you’ve done. That’s

not justice. That’s extrajudicial self-punishment. And I’m sorry, but I can’t in good conscience let
that happen.”
Haruka nodded. “Chihiro… Please… let us help you. Come back to Ijincho with us.”
Chihiro scoffed. “As your sister? I’ll pass, thank you.”
Haruka shook her head. “As a fellow human being who’s been put down by systems. I don’t care
about blood. I meant that when I said it.”
Chihiro stared at her reflection in the water again. “…The Saio Triad isn’t defeated just because
Mabuchi is. You know that, right? A bunch of them are holed up in Kamurocho. They’ve been
financing the Little Asia Revival Project. Mabuchi says he’s got Tokyo’s police commissioner in
his pocket. I can’t imagine that’s changed just because we gave him a black eye.”
Kasuga grinned. “Then it sounds like we’ve got a fight ahead of us. And you’re a pretty good
fighter. So, all other things aside… I’d like to have you on our team. …Whaddya say, Chihirochan? You ready to stop workin’ for the bad guys… and start workin’ for yourself, with the good
guys?”
Chihiro’s eyes narrowed at her own reflection. “…If things in Tokyo go down the way Mabuchi
said… a lot of innocent people will suffer. I can’t let a monster I enabled do that.” She flicked her
cigarette into the water and turned to the party. “Fuck it. I’m in.”
Chihiro Watanabe has rejoined the party!

Chapter 89: A River In Africa
Masataka Ebina sat behind the Chairman’s desk in the Seiryu Clan’s Ijincho headquarters. He
tapped his fingers along the wood as he reviewed documents that had just come in from a business
partner in Hawaii. “Nele Island… intriguing,” he muttered under his breath.
Jo Sawashiro entered the room, holding a cellphone. “Ebina. Haruka Sawamura is on the phone.
She’s finished her business in Osaka.”
Ebina smiled. “Excellent. Give that here.” He snatched the phone from Sawashiro and held it to his
ear. “Sawamura. I take it everything went well out west?”
“I got what I came for,” Haruka answered. “We’re boarding the train to Yokohama now.”
“And Ichiban Kasuga?”
“He’s with me.”
Ebina’s smile widened to a grin. “Fantastic. Tell me, did you learn anything about the Triads’
operations in Tokyo?”
Haruka paused. “Put Sawashiro on the phone.”
Ebina’s grin faltered. “Excuse me?”
“I would like to talk to him.”
Ebina frowned, then angrily thrust the phone at Sawashiro. “Whatever,” he muttered.
Sawashiro, confused, took the phone from his hand. “Sawamura?”
Ebina said, “Put it on speaker,” and Sawashiro did.
“You’re on speaker,” Sawashiro told her. “Sorry. Boss’s orders.”
“I expected as much,” Haruka chuckled. “Just wanted to annoy him.”
Fuck. You, Ebina thought but did not say aloud.
“The Saio Triad are cooperating with Tokyo’s government,” Haruka explained without missing a
beat. “Apparently, Mabuchi struck a deal with Yamamoto.”
Sawashiro’s brow furrowed. “The police commissioner? Why? To what end?”
Ebina’s eyes narrowed. “Hedging his bets, is he?” he muttered. “He’s supposed to be dealing with
us.”
“Yes, well, clearly the Triads bid higher,” Haruka retorted.
“Not for long…” Ebina muttered, to a confused look from Sawashiro. He waved his confusion off.
“Is Mabuchi dead? That would certainly kill any cooperation between them.”

“He’s in police custody, I think.”
Ebina glared at the phone. “…You think.”
“We didn’t exactly stick around to find out.”
“So let me get this straight: at best, he’s in custody when we already know he’s paying off people in
the NPA, and at worst, he’s loose on the streets, and possibly headed to Tokyo to continue his
dealings with Yamamoto? Tell me, Haruka, are you a complete idiot?”
Sawashiro shot him a look. “Boss.”
“Worthless brat…” Ebina growled.
“Mabuchi is no longer my concern,” she responded. “I have my own affairs to sort through.”
Ebina shook his head. “Need I remind you, Haruka, that the Seiryu Clan is the only thing standing
between you and ten years or more in prison?”
“I met a good lawyer,” Haruka chuckled.
Ebina threw his hands up and looked around the room, settling on Sawashiro. “The fuck does that
mean?” he mumbled. Sawashiro shrugged. “Haruka Sawamura, I suggest you quit acting like the
petulant child that you are, unless you want a whole heap of evidence implicating you for the
murder of Hachiro Sano to suddenly be ‘found.”
Sawashiro held a hand up. “Boss. She got Kasuga for us. That’s all we asked her to do. She’s
fulfilled her end of the bargain.”
Ebina clenched his fists, leaned back in his seat, and growled “Yes, of course. My mistake.”
Sawashiro glanced back down at the phone in his hand. “Haruka, is Ichi with you now?”
“He’s getting a bento for the train ride, but yeah, he’s around. I already told him what you asked
me. He says he’ll help, because it’s you asking.”
Sawashiro’s eyes widened. “Because it’s me…? Why would he say that? What does he owe me?
I’ve been nothing but cruel to him, his entire life.”
“He told me, when his captain calls, he always answers. Even if it isn’t always within two rings.”
She paused. “He laughed when he said it, but I didn't quite understand that second part. Some kind
of inside joke?”
Sawashiro’s eyes softened, and he sighed. “Heh… something like that.”
Ebina rolled his eyes. “Useful idiot, that one…” he muttered.
Sawashiro glanced up at Ebina, then back down at the phone. “Tell Ichiban we’ll be in touch.” He
then hesitated, and tapped the screen to end the call. “…Heh. The Boss really did raise his boys
right…” he muttered.
“Don’t get too sentimental,” Ebina scoffed. “Hand me that.” Sawashiro obeyed, handing the phone
to Ebina, who once again snatched it from his grip. “You want something done right, you do it

yourself…” he grumbled, typing a number in. It rang four or five times before somebody picked
up.
“Speak,” the voice said.
“Akio Yamamoto,” Ebina greeted, grinning. “It’s been a minute.”
Sawashiro’s eyes widened. “Boss?”
“How are you enjoying the new promotion, commissioner?” Ebina asked.
“I don’t have time for pleasantries, Ebina,” Yamamoto replied. “Do you need something?”
Ebina chuckled. “Well, do you recall our agreement? I agreed to get something for you, and you
agreed to do something for me.”
Sawashiro’s brow furrowed. “What the hell…?”
Yamamoto grunted. “What could you possibly have for me?”
Ebina grinned. “What else? I’m about to hand you Haruka Sawamura on a silver platter. She’s on
her way back into the region. She intends to turn herself in!”
“That’s great,” Yamamoto replied unenthusiastically. “Is that all?”
Ebina’s grin faltered. “Ahem. Ah, I believe you agreed that you would… remove some assets from
Kamurocho, so that I could move my assets in.”
On his end, Yamamoto stood, shirtless, staring out the windows of the Millenium Tower, gazing
upon his city. The lights were out, but one could faintly make out the edges of his irezumi as the
moonlight wrapped around his back. “…Our agreement involved three parties,” he reminded Ebina.
“Haruka Sawamura. Ichiban Kasuga. Masaharu Kaito. You promised to deliver all three to me.”
“Yes, but—.”
“But nothing,” Yamamoto growled. “You’ve thus far failed to get me Kaito, and Kasuga’s charges
were dropped by the Chief Prosecutor earlier this week. I don’t deal in half measures… or third
measures, for that matter.”
“Well, with Haruka Sawamura in custody, you could… extract evidence on Kasuga from her.”
Sawashiro clenched his fists. “Ebina. What the hell are you doing?”
Ebina ignored him. “And as for Kaito, we have security footage of him entering our compound in
Tokyo. It would be trivial to—.”
“I’m going to be very clear with you, Ebina,” Yamamoto growled. “A Dragon does not take partial
prizes, and that is all you’ve promised to deliver me. Haruka Sawamura, in fact, is the least
valuable component of the deal. I couldn’t give less of a shit about her. And I’m tired of waiting for
you to honor your end of the agreement.”
Ebina changed tactics. “Commissioner, if you would simply… remove the Saio Triad from the
equation, it might motivate me to—.”

“Are you trying to barter with me, you incompetent fool?” Yamamoto asked. He turned around and
walked towards his desk. Briefly, the moonlight illuminated a silver dragon on his back. “You’ve
run out of time. I’m done with you.”
Ebina stammered. “Y-Yamamoto, if you would just—!”
“Don’t ever call this number again, Masataka Ebina.”
Yamamoto hung up abruptly.
Ebina stared at his phone, eyes wide, words briefly escaping him, though eventually he found them.
“What… the… fuck…?!” he gasped out.
Glaring, Sawashiro stood up, turned on his heel, and walked out.
Ebina didn’t even notice.
Unbeknownst to anybody, that call was heard by a third party, elsewhere in Tokyo. A sleepier part
of Tokyo. They scribbled some names on a coffee-stained napkin—“Akio Yamamoto, Masataka
Ebina… Haruka Sawamura, Masaharu Kaito, Ichiban Kasuga…” They drew a line between Ebina
and Yamamoto’s names, then glanced down at Haruka’s. They circled the name. “Of course. It all
makes sense now…”
Their violet eyes narrowed on Yamamoto’s name. “Got you now, you son of a bitch.”

Chapter 90: Chivalry Itself
Toru Higashi stepped out of Game Center Charles into the noisy and crowded streets of Kamurocho
as he ended another night of business. From the outside, it appeared as though his life were
returning to normal, though the lingering odor of unease wafted throughout the city, and Higashi
knew that nothing was settled.
Still, until the others returned from Osaka, he needed to keep the business running as normal;
wouldn’t want his personal drama to cause him to disappoint the kids, after all.
A couple of them walked out as he turned and smiled at them. “Thanks again for the extra credits,
Higashi-san,” one child bowed. “I wouldn’t have been able to beat the game without them.”
Higashi chuckled. “I remember being your age, getting stuck at that one boss. Now run along, it’s
late. Don’t make your mother worry again.”
The boy bowed again. “Yes sir. We’ll see you tomorrow, Higashi-san!”
The children ran off, Higashi smirking after them. His smirk turned into a frown as he saw several
blue-suited men approaching the arcade, stepping around the kids as they walked towards Higashi
with smug smiles on their faces. One of them, the only one with blonde hair—dyed, obviously—
was Tashiro, formerly a colleague of Higashi’s in the Matsugane Family.
Higashi clicked his tongue. “Tch. God damn it…” he muttered. Since calling Yagami and Kaito to
warn them about Tashiro, and other ex-Matsugane boys, waltzing around town in police uniforms,
he had tried to keep an eye on them.
Clearly they noticed.
“Cute kids, ‘Toru-chan’,” Tashiro chuckled condescendingly. “They know what a sick puppy they
look up to?”
“They don’t look up to anyone, Tashiro-kun,” Higashi replied with as much venom as he took in.
“I’m just the guy maintaining the machines. You need something?”
Tashiro chuckled again. “Cute. You know, as a business with known historical ties to organized
crime… we could shut this place down.”
Higashi scoffed. “Suffering from a bit of memory loss, are we? The family disbanded three years
ago. I’m a civilian now. As are you. So let’s drop the tough guy act, huh? Everyone on these streets
knows you’re nothing but a tryhard anyway.”
Tashiro’s eyes widened in anger. “Excuse me? You arrogant…!”
One of the other posers, an extraordinarily tall and thin man with a punch perm, stepped to the front
of the pack, holding a hand up passively. “Hey. Tashiro. Relax. This… is not how you conduct a
negotiation. We’re not yakuza anymore. We’re enforcers. Can’t brute force your way through
everyone anymore.”
Higashi’s eyes flicked to this new man under his sunglasses. “And who are you supposed to be?”

The man smirked and held his hand out. “Hiroshi Hayashi. Former Omi Alliance. Go-Ryu Clan.”
Hiroshi Hayashi
Ex-Omi Alliance Lieutenant Advisor
Higashi did not shake his hand. “Some asshole from Kansai. Am I supposed to be impressed?”
Hayashi chuckled and retracted his hand. “Now, now. Our clans are gone now. No need for this
petty east-west sniping. I’m here because, like these men here—and you, I would hope—I wish to
atone for my sins. Make Kamurocho a better, safer place, you see.”
“Sounds noble,” Higashi muttered as he turned from them and started lowering the gate over
Charles. “Good luck with that.”
“I was hoping, Higashi-san, that you would aid us in this quest.”
“I’ll pass.” Higashi slammed the gate to the ground, the sound of metal on concrete echoing
throughout the street, and pulled out his keys, locking it up. “Anyway. We’re closed for the night.
You’ll have to come back tomorrow. Excuse me, gentlemen.”
He stepped past and started walking away.
Hayashi’s pleasant smile disappeared as soon as Higashi’s back was turned. “Arrogant
motherfucker…” he muttered under his breath. “Higashi-san,” he added, the polite facade
returning. “Please. If you’d only hear us out. We know you’ve been… associating with a few
wanted criminals. Haruka Sawamura and Masaharu Kaito, to be specific.”
Higashi paused in his step. “Got any proof?” he asked.
Hayashi’s smile returned. “Perhaps,” he replied. “It’s all sealed at the moment. But one signature is
all it takes to change that.” He walked around to step in front of Higashi, and pulled out a card.
“I’m sure it must be hard, to see your former brother in the Matsugane Family on the run like this.
But it doesn’t have to be this way.”
Higashi slowly looked up at his eyes. “What do you mean?”
Hayashi smirked. “Our boss… he doesn’t want this pursuit to continue. All he wants… is a
peaceful Kamurocho.” He handed Higashi the card. “We think you can help with that.”
Higashi took the card, slowly, and looked down at it.
Ex-Yakuza? Struggling to find work?
Use your experience to help your community! Join Bleach Japan today!
You may be entitled to a signing bonus of up to ¥4,000,000 along with other benefits.
Visit www.NPA.go.jp/BleachJapan for more information.

An address was listed next to the logo. Higashi’s eyes narrowed. “Bleach Japan?”
Hayashi nodded. “You remember, don’t you? Ryo Aoki’s former foundation. A shame, what a
horrible man he ended up being. He co-opted a noble movement, and used it for self-enrichment.”
“The Supreme Court is weighing a ban on Bleach Japan, aren’t they?” Higashi asked.
“The Supreme Court is looking to ban the prior organization formerly known as Bleach Japan,”
Hayashi corrected. “Make no mistake, this Bleach Japan is a completely new initiative, inspired by
the ideals Ryo Aoki claimed to champion. We want to make Kamurocho great again. We want to
turn it… into a utopia.”
Higashi glanced up at him. “And where do the yakuza fit in?”
“Nobody knows these streets better,” Hayashi answered. “We are uniquely positioned to give back
to the communities that we terrorized for more than a century. You would be a valuable asset.”
Higashi scoffed. “Like I said, I’ll pass.”
Hayashi shrugged. “That is your right. Of course, I’m not sure how you intend, as a simple civilian,
to prove Kaito’s innocence. If you were on our side, there are things we could make… go away.
You might be able to save him.”
Higashi just stared at him.
Hayashi smirked once more. “Think it over.” He turned to the others. “Let’s roll, boys.”
The group walked past Higashi into the Hotel District. Higashi scoffed… then looked back down at
the card.
“…Save him, huh?” he muttered to himself. He read the address one more time… then turned to
the eyesore at the center of the city, where the address pointed.
The Millennium Tower.
He glanced back down at the card, and slowly pocketed it.

Chapter 91: Live &amp; Learn
“Shin-Yokohama. This is: Shin-Yokohama.”
The loudspeaker blared over the party’s heads as they stepped out onto the train platform at ShinYokohama station.
Kasuga stretched his arms and groaned. “Agh… well guys, that concludes the comfortable part of
the trip…” He turned to Kiryu and Taichi. “This is where we split up. If you’re trying to get to
Shinjuku, your best bet would be getting onto the JR Yokohama Line towards Hachioji. I assume
you can find your way around Tokyo from there, Kiryu-san?”
Kiryu, who had changed back into his Daidoji clothes—black shirt, charcoal pants, black dress
shoes, albeit with his hair still slicked back—nodded. “Yeah. Thanks, Kasuga.”
“And… how come you’re switchin’ back to the earthy colors?”
Kiryu sighed. “As much as I hate it, my suit is a bit too loud. I’ll get clocked in an instant if I go
into Tokyo looking like that.”
“Ah, so he does learn from his mistakes…” Haruka chuckled.
“…What’s that supposed to mean?”
Kasuga glanced at a rail map. “We… are gonna switch to the subway, I think. Path of least
resistance into Ijincho.”
Saeko chuckled. “Look at you, Icchan, navigating the local transit system like a native,” she said.
“Didn’t take you long to adapt from Tokyo’s mess of a railway system.”
Kasuga grinned and rubbed the back of his neck. “Hehe, hey, Ijincho’s my home, now! Figurin’ out
how to get around Kanagawa was the first thing I did.”
Kiryu chuckled, then turned to Haruka. “Haruka. This is where we part ways, for now. Don’t
worry; I won’t disappear again.”
Haruka nodded. “Stay safe, Uncle Kaz. Are you sure there won’t be problems in Tokyo?”
Kiryu shook his head. “As I said, Kamurocho is the only red line. Hanawa knows where I’m going.
He said it’s fine.”
Taichi chuckled. “You know, Uncle Kaz, I’ve never been to Tokyo. Think we could hit up the
hostess clubs after I get checked out?”
“Absolutely not,” Kiryu replied flatly. Then, with a knowing smirk, he turned his head to Chihiro,
adding “Besides… what would she think?”
Chihiro crossed her arms. “He’s grown, he can do what he wants… and live with the
consequences.”
Taichi sighed. “Aw, I was just joking…”

Kiryu then turned to Yagami. “Well? You gonna follow us into Tokyo, too?”
Yagami shook his head. “Not unless Hanawa’s gonna be there. I need to check in with Tsukumo
and Amasawa in Ijincho, anyway.”
“Fair enough, I guess. If you run into Akiyama…”
Yagami waved his concern off. “Relax. Every lawyer worth his salt knows when to keep his mouth
shut.”
Kiryu nodded. “Alright, then. Taichi, let’s go.” He turned and stepped towards the JR Yokohama
line, then winced as a sharp pain stabbed beneath his ribs. “Agh…”
“You alright, Uncle Kaz?” Taichi asked.
“I think I tore something back in Osaka…” Kiryu grumbled. “I’m getting too old for this crap…”
He let out a light cough, the pain subsided, and he and Taichi continued on their way.
As they walked away, Haruto looked up at Haruka. “Mom? Who was that man, anyway? He… he
looked like grandpa.”
Haruka debated how to respond for only a moment. “…Haruto… I’m going to let you in on a little
secret. But you can’t tell anyone for now. Okay?”
***
A fifteen minute subway journey later, the party arrived at Jinnai Station in Isezaki Ijincho. The sun
had set by this point, and the city was illuminated by the distant glow of Cosmo Clock 21, one
district over. Haruto gazed at the polished skyline, visible behind Seiryo High, in amazement.
“Wow… so this is Yokohama…” He paused. “It smells. Really bad.”
Kasuga laughed. “Hah! You get used to it.”
“Didn’t think I’d be back here so soon,” Yagami quipped. He glanced across the street, and noticed
White Mask Liumang—Tesso’s branch of the Yokohama Liumang—leaning up against a wall,
staring. “Well, that’s… creepy. Are those Tesso’s guys?”
Kaito chuckled. “Yeah, you missed a lot. The Liumang, the Geomijul, and the Seiryu Clan have
been patrolling the streets a lot more openly since the Saio Triad tried to make a move.” Looking
over at Seonhee, he added “I guess you can probably call ‘em off now, huh?”
Seonhee shook her head. “Not yet. Not until Haruka is fully in the clear with the police.”
“You know, this probably doesn’t help the whole ‘gangland girlboss’ fantasy the media’s running
with,” Zhao pointed out, to which Saeko snorted.
“Like the media’s paying attention to Ijincho,” she said, shaking her head.
“Hence why the gangs are so invested in this town in the first place,” Adachi added. “Because the
cameras aren’t.”
Haruka felt a vibration in her cardigan’s pocket. She pulled out her phone. “Huh? Somebody’s
calling me.”

Private
She started to swipe, though stopped when Adachi turned to her. “Don’t answer that,” he said
instantly. “Public Security’ll be all over you in a second.”
Haruka tilted her head. “Huh?”
“PubSec loves this shit. It’s probably some inspector hoping to keep you talking long enough so
they can trace the call. Just let it ring.”
Haruka nodded, and put the phone back in her pocket. The vibrations soon ceased. And then…
started again. She glanced at the screen.
Private
“Told you so,” Adachi said with a chuckle. “They’re hoping you’ll pick up eventually. Just ignore
it.”
Haruka put the phone back in her pocket. This time, the vibration didn’t start again.
Sugiura tilted his head. “Hey… don’t you guys think it’s a little weird that they tried that right
when she got to Ijincho? You didn’t tap your rail card back there, right?”
Haruka shook her head. “No. One-way ticket.”
“Hmph. Alright.”
Nanba put a finger to his chin. “Hang on… If the goal was to track her movement… It would’ve
happened way sooner. Right? But it didn’t. It happened right when we stepped off the train. That’s
either some damn good timing…”
“…Or somebody already knows we’re here,” Kasuga finished his thought for him.
“But then… why would they be calling?” Saeko asked. “Wouldn’t they just send some officers over
without alerting us?”
Haruka shook her head. “I think you guys are overthinking it. It’s either a coincidence, or it’s a
wrong number. They wouldn’t have waited for me to get all the way back to Ijincho if they already
knew where I was.”
“Still creepy,” Kaito sighed.
***
The party entered Survive, which was predictably quite empty. Kashiwagi stood behind the bar,
wiping a glass down. “Take a seat anywhere you like,” he muttered. “I’ll be with you in a…” he
trailed off as he glanced up past his spectacles. “Haruka!” he called out, placing the glass down and
walking around the bar. “You made it back. Everything go okay in Osaka?”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. We got Haruto back.”
Kashiwagi nodded. “That’s good. Sit down, let me get you all something to eat.”

“And somethin’ to drink,” Kaito laughed as he walked in, sitting at the bar.
Kashiwagi chuckled. “Hmph. You still have to pay for the drinks,” he pointed out. He turned his
head to Yagami just next to him… and glared. “…Hm. Haven’t I seen you somewhere before?”
Yagami sighed. “Yeah, uh… maybe once or twice?”
Kashiwagi crossed his arms. “With the owner of Bar Siren, right? …Don’t cause any problems, got
it?”
“I’m not a troublemaker,” Yagami assured him. “Promise. The name’s Yagami.”
“I’ve heard your name, Yagami,” Kashiwagi replied. “I also know that trouble tends to follow
wherever you go.”
Kaito laughed. “Daaaamn! The Bartender haaates your ass, Tak. The hell did you do?”
Yagami looked away. “Nothing!”
“He almost started a fight in my bar,” Kashiwagi said flatly.
Kaito clicked his tongue and grinned. “Tsk, tsk. Real bad form, Tak.”
“I didn’t start anything,” Yagami clarified.
Kashiwagi raised an eyebrow. “Because I was there.”
“No! Not… necessarily.” Yagami added with a sigh, “Look, there was a… disagreement. But it
didn’t escalate to blows. And it… probably wouldn’t have.”
Kashiwagi seemed unimpressed. “Mhmm. I’m sure.” He turned his attention back to Haruka and
Haruto. “So… this is the little guy, huh?”
Haruto nodded with a smile. “Uh huh! I’m Haruto, mister! Are you another friend of my mom’s?”
Kashiwagi smiled. “Heh. Yeah, you could say that. Actually, I’ve known her since she was not
much older than you are. Boy does that make me feel old…”
Nanba tilted his head and turned to Kasuga. “Uh… maybe I misheard… but did the Bartender just
say he knew Haruka when she was a kid? That’s news to me.”
Kasuga shrugged dismissively. “Eh. The guy’s old. Plus, Haruka mentioned to me that she and
Kiryu-san used to live in Yokohama for a while, back before he took over Morning Glory. He was
probably a neighbor or something.” They both stared at Kashiwagi.
“...But he acted like he didn’t know her at all when she first came in at the start of all of this
mess…” Nanba muttered.
Kashiwagi glanced at them, adjusted his glasses, grabbed a rag, and started wiping down the bar.
He clearly heard them, though he chose to ignore their gossip.
“Why do I feel like we just stumbled on something we weren’t meant to?” Kasuga sighed.

Nanba nodded. “Probably best to leave it alone, I guess.”
Kashiwagi poured drinks for the adults a moment later. Kaito downed his almost immediately,
grinned, then sauntered over to the Joysound machine in the corner. “Hey, let’s turn things up in
here!” he said as he grabbed a microphone and tapped a few options on the screen. After a moment,
a familiar hair metal tune kicked in.
The party cheered.
Kaito grinned, held the microphone to his mouth, and sang:
“Midnight shadow
Evaporates
Accelerate
Through this old highway city.”
Kasuga grinned and exclaimed, “YOU’RE KILLIN’ IT!”
“Into the night,
You by my side,
Your tear-stained eyes,
Rouge running down your cheek.”
“KAITO-SAAAAAN~!” Haruka cheered.
“But baby
Tonight
Everything’s all right
As long as you’re here next to me,
My sweet babe.
“Now let’s let go of our
Past and our future
This night has room for only two:
You and me.”
Kaito imagined himself up on stage at a sold out Japan Dome concert, performing for all of his
adoring fans.
“So come and see…
I’ll show you paradise tonight.
“Not just one kiss,
Not two kisses,
Not one hundred
I’ve got a full clip of love for you…
BABY!”
He leaned forward against the imaginary stage and sang his heart out.
“Hold on to me
And I swear

I won’t let go
I’ll never
Let you slip away from me.”
Kaito grinned, grabbed his micstand, and retreated back into the center of the stage with a flourish.
“Machine gun kiss
Let’s just…
Fall in looooooove!”
As the song came to an end he posed with his microphone, and in his imaginary realm,
pyrotechnics shot from the stage, illuminating his face in an orange glow.
In reality, he grinned at Yagami. “Your turn, Tak.”
Yagami shook his head. “Karaoke’s not really my thing.”
Kaito huffed. “Buzzkill.”
The celebrations continued for another hour. Eventually, Haruto began to yawn, so Haruka took
him upstairs to the room she had been staying in, tucked him in, and kissed him goodnight.
“Are we going home soon, mom?” he asked, to which she nodded.
“Yeah. Mommy just has some things she needs to take care of.”
“I like all of your friends,” he said. “How come I’ve never met them?”
“They’re, ah… newer friends,” Haruka replied. “It’s… been a while since I had friends of my own,
now that I think about it.”
“We should visit more often,” he said.
Haruka smiled, and nodded. “We will. Now… try and get some sleep. Okay?”
Haruto nodded. “Okay, mom. I love you.”
“I love you too.”
Haruto closed his eyes, and quickly drifted to sleep. Haruka sighed. Because in truth, she wasn’t
sure if she was telling the truth when she said they’d be going home soon… or if she’d be able to
come with him.
“Yo, Haruka-chan,” Kasuga said from behind her. She turned, surprised by his appearance. “Sorry,
didn’t mean to startle ya. It’s just… well, can I talk to you about something?”
Haruka tilted her head. “...Is it about Sa-chan?”
Kasuga chucked nervously and shook his head. “Nah. Nothin’s changed on that front, and I still
intend to win, for the record.”
Haruka smirked. “Me too.”

“Heh. Nah, it’s uh…” He rubbed the back of his neck. “...It’s about Kiryu-san. I, uh… Well, I
was… thinkin’ about things. About… how much he’s done for me. The truth is… he’s exactly the
kinda guy I would’ve looked up to, back when I was in the yakuza.” He chuckled again. “And, uh,
even though neither of us are in the yakuza anymore… and we’re both really old… and we’re only
workin’ together because of circumstance… Um…”
He sighed. “...Haruka-chan. I… I want to ask Kiryu-san… if he’ll swear an oath with me.”
Haruka processed the question, and then widened her eyes. “Oh. Like…?”
Kasuga nodded. “Yeah. Like… sakazuki. The big one. Brothers for life, and all that. …Are you
okay with that?”
Haruka thought for a moment, then nodded as her eyes softened. “Of course, Kasuga. I mean, it
doesn’t really matter what I think, but-”
Kasuga shook his head. “But it does matter! I mean, that’s your father. I just wanna… make sure
I’m not oversteppin’, is all.”
Haruka shook her head. “Not at all. And I appreciate it. But that’s a decision for the two of you to
make. Together. If you want my blessing, though… you have it.”
Relief washed over Kasuga. He teared up, and bowed. “Thank you, Haruka-chan. Seriously. Thank
you so much.”
“But… I’m not the real obstacle here, Kasuga-san.”
Kasuga slowly raised his head. “…Huh?”
Haruka sighed. “Uncle Kaz… he’s been burned before.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “By his kyodai…?!”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. Akira Nishikiyama. Did you know him?”
Kasuga shook his head. “Nah. I mean, I heard of him, and, I know he was responsible for the death
of your birth parents, but… Arakawa-san always told us to stay out of his way, and to never get
involved with his boys, so I never met him personally. If you don’t mind me asking… what’s the
full story on that?”
Haruka shook her head. “It’s not my story to tell. Uncle Kaz will probably tell you more, when the
time comes.”
Kasuga nodded. “Right. Thanks for the heads up, Haruka-chan. I’ll approach this with care, I
promise.”
Haruka smiled at him. “I know you will, Ichiban. To be honest… you’re exactly the kind of man
Uncle Kaz needed by his side all of those years ago.”
With that, she stepped past him, put her boots back on, and began to walk down the stairs.
Kasuga sighed. “I hope he agrees with ya…” he muttered, slipping his oxfords back on and
following her.

At the bottom of the stairs, Haruka and Kasuga saw Hanawa sitting in one of the window booths,
sipping on a glass of whiskey. The ice clinked against the glass as he set it down. His eyes briefly
flitted to her behind his glasses. He nodded politely. “Sawamura.”
Haruka crossed her arms. “You’re… Hanawa-san, right? We met a couple of weeks ago.”
“Thanks for the autograph by the way,” Hanawa chuckled. “My daughter really appreciated it.”
Haruka sighed. “‘KK-chan’, right? That’s so fake… I can’t believe I ever fell for that.”
“Yes, my dear ‘KK’. It was the first time I saw her smile in months.”
“Still with the act, man?” Kasuga groaned.
Hanawa simply shrugged. “It’s an act that’s keeping everyone in this room off of a list. I’d suggest
you play along a little better, but I know that would be wasted breath.” He turned his head to the
bar, where he saw Yagami glaring at him. “Oho, some of your friends don’t like me.”
“Can I ask what you’re doing here?” Haruka asked. “Uncle Kaz is still in Tokyo.”
Hanawa nodded. “Just wanted to let you know that my… employers are working on your legal
situation. And also that I’m… sorry.”
Haruka raised her eyebrows. “Huh?”
“A lot of this… it’s my fault,” he admitted. “I won’t go into detail. ‘KK’ already knows. But if I
was a little better at vetting my people, she,” he pointed to Chihiro, who stood in the corner, staring
at him, “would never have gotten into my… organization. But hey, you live and learn.” He glanced
at Kashiwagi. “Oh, Bartender… You wouldn’t happen to have Live & Learn on that karaoke
machine over there?”
Kashiwagi shook his head. “Not sure. If Joysound’s got it, I do too.”
“Perhaps I’ll sing,” Hanawa chuckled. “Or perhaps not.”
“What are you going to do to her?” Haruka asked.
Hanawa tilted his head. “Hm?”
“Chihiro. My sister.”
Hanawa sighed. “Honestly? I have no idea. I don’t like my options.” He finished his drink and
stood up. “I wish I could say something a bit more reassuring. But my organization has already lied
to you enough.” He nodded. “I’ll see you soon, Haruka. We have a lot to discuss.”
Yagami stood from his stool. “Hey. You’re Hanawa, right? I wanna ask you something.”
“Later, Takayuki Yagami.” He turned and left. Every eye followed him out.
“Well… at least he’s honest…” Kasuga sighed.
“What an asshole…” Adachi chuckled at the bar. The chuckles halted when Haruka’s phone began
to vibrate again. “…Eh?”

Haruka glanced at the screen.
Private
Kasuga growled. “Agh. Give it a rest, you guys…”
“That’s weird…” Adachi muttered, causing the entire bar to turn to him.
“What is, Adachi-san?” Saeko asked.
“The call. It’s… unusual, is all.”
Haruka tilted her head. “Huh? What do you mean? It’s a trace attempt, isn’t it?”
Adachi slowly shook his head. “I thought so. Now, though…. I’m not so sure.”
Seonhee narrowed her eyes. “Elaborate.”
“Well…” Adachi sighed. “I just wanna be clear, I still think whoever that is is bad news. But… if it
were PubSec… They wouldn’t be trying this shit again over an hour later. They’d have assumed
you dumped the phone by now, moved on, and tried something else.”
“Uh, what exactly is stopping them from just trying over and over again?” Saeko asked.
“Nothing, except that it’s usually a complete waste of police resources,” he replied gruffly. “Sure.
Maybe they’re that dumb. Maybe they’ve got nothing better to do. Maybe they’re hoping you’ll slip
up. But I wouldn’t bet money on it.”
Haruka looked back down at her phone, which stopped vibrating. It then started again a second
later. “So then… who is it?”
He shook his head. “No clue.”
She thought about it for a moment. “Say… Adachi-san… if it were a trace attempt… how long
would it take?”
Adachi rubbed his temples. “Don’t like that question, but… If they’re already set up, maybe a
couple of minutes. Maybe less, depending on… a couple of factors, really. Cell tower triangulation
is a lot better now than it was when I was on the force, I’m sure. More than sixty seconds is
dangerous.”
Haruka nodded. “I see.” She stared at the phone, then glanced at Yagami, who looked down at his
watch. He waited a few seconds… then nodded.
She swiped on her phone and answered, immediately putting it on speaker. “You have one minute
starting now,” she said coldly. “After that, I hang up.”
The voice chuckled—whether it was male or female, the party couldn’t say. It was being run
through a voice modulation filter, disguising any distinguishing traits. “I’m glad you know what
you’re up against, Haruka Sawamura,” they said. “But if this were a trace, there would be no point.
I already know that you’re in Survive, an izakaya in the Bar District of Isezaki Ijincho. Naka-ku,
Yokohama.”

Kasuga’s eyes widened slightly. “What the…?”
“You sound confident,” Haruka replied.
“As confident as I am that you’re currently with Ichiban Kasuga, Takayuki Yagami, Masaharu
Kaito, Fumiya Sugiura, Koichi Adachi, Yu Nanba, Saeko Mukoda, Tianyou Zhao, two Korean
gangsters including one suspected leader of Yokohama’s Korean mob, and a woman bearing your
facial structure the police have yet to identify.”
“The fuck…?!” Kaito grumbled.
“If I were police, and if identifying your movements were my goal, you’d already be in prison.
Luckily for you, that’s not why I’m calling.” They paused, before adding “Taking public transit
given your fugitive status was bold. You’re extraordinarily fortunate police think you’re still in
Shinjuku somewhere.”
“So then you are police!” Adachi accused. “Otherwise how else would you have access to station
cameras?”
“How indeed, Koichi Adachi?” the voice replied. “You’re in a room with several individuals who
could do the same. How about you ask them?”
Adachi glanced at Seonhee… who shrugged. “It’s not hard.”
“What do you want with us?” Haruka demanded.
“I just want to talk,” the voice replied. “To give you the chance to present your case. In person.”
“And why would we come see you in person?” Yagami asked. “This is obviously bait, and we’re
not taking it.”
“Are you a gambling man, Yagami-san?” the voice asked.
“…Huh?”
“Why not roll the dice, see where they fall?”
“Why the hell would we do that?”
“Because the alternative is seeing Haruka Sawamura and Masaharu Kaito hang.”
Kasuga glared at the phone. “Listen, man, if you think you can threaten us—!”
“These are not threats. These are promises.” The voice paused. “Of course, you’re gambling either
way. But you’ll find your odds are better with me.”
Haruka narrowed her eyes. “We’re not going to come see someone who won’t even give us a
name.”
“Oh. That’s unfortunate.” Pausing again, the voice said “1-33-18. Tokyo-to, Setagaya-ku,
Yongenjaya. Ground floor.”

Yagami narrowed his eyes. “An address…?” He turned to Sugiura, who had already written it
down.
“You have two hours,” the voice added. Then, with a chuckle “Starting now. You should start
considering whether you want to spin that wheel now. See where the whims of fate lead you. Oh,
and… don’t take the train straight to your destination this time. That was really, really stupid.”
The call ended abruptly.
Kasuga stared at Haruka’s now-dark phone, stunned. “What the hell was that…?!”
“They know where we are…” Saeko said softly.
“Fuck ‘em,” Zhao scoffed. “If they wanna take the fight to us, so be it.”
Haruka narrowed her eyes at her phone. “Who are you…?” she said under her breath.

Chapter 92: Receive You The Inheritance
The party stared uneasily at Haruka, mere seconds after the incredibly threatening phone call that
put a real damper on their night. “Well, she was a prosecutor, no doubt about that,” Adachi said as
he rubbed his temples.
Saeko tilted her head. “Hm? She? How do you figure it was a woman? That voice changer was
pretty good. Could’ve just as easily been a man.”
Adachi nodded. “It could’ve been. Probably isn’t. The language was too… direct. Too formal.”
“But wouldn’t a male prosecutor have been just as formal?” Kasuga asked.
Adachi shrugged. “I’ve just got a hunch. I’m not ready to bet my pension on it, but… it’s a hunch
all the same.”
Joongi tilted his head. “…What pension?”
“Hey, hey, quiet, you!”
Kasuga chuckled, but frowned a moment later. “Mm. Whaddya wanna do, Haruka-chan?”
Nanba scoffed. “What does she want to do? We’re not going. Obviously.”
Saeko nodded. “Yeah… I’m with Nanba on this one. That was… so obviously a trap.”
Kaito sat at the bar, staring into his drink, contemplating something. Yagami took notice. “Kaitosan? Something on your mind?”
Kaito didn’t turn to him. “Sugiura… you got that address, right?”
Sugiura nodded from his table by the piano. “Yeah.”
“Bring it here.”
Sugiura stood up and walked the address over to Kaito, who took it. “Thanks.” He looked at it.
Tokyo-to Setagaya-ku Yongenjaya 1-33-18. 1F
Kaito read it… then re-read it… then furrowed his brow. “Setagaya… the fuck?”
Kasuga tilted his head. “Uh, what’s up with Setagaya, Kaito-san?” he asked.
Kaito shook his head. “Nothing. Jack. Shit. That’s the problem.”
Everyone looked at each other. “…Why is that a problem?” Nanba asked.
Kaito crossed his arms. “Let me tell you guys something. At its peak, the Tojo Clan had territory
across… all of Tokyo. Shinjuku, obviously, but we had fronts in Shibuya, Ikebukero, Ueno,
Kichijoji, hell, we even owned a nightclub in a shopping mall in Odaiba. That’s how widespread we
were. You know where we weren’t?” He tapped a finger on the paper. “Setagaya.”

Saeko raised an eyebrow. “How come? Did a rival family or a foreign gang get there first?”
Kaito laughed. “Haha. Hahaha. No. The thing about Setagaya is… it’s got literally nothing going
on. Especially Yongen-Jaya. Yongen-Jaya is the place you take your pension when you’re too old
and tired to deal with the rest of Tokyo. There’s no cabarets, no night clubs… There’s some bars,
sure, but not any that move money… there’s probably like… a movie theater, maybe a couple of
cafes run by wealthy retirees with nothin’ better to do and no need to profit… Kids walkin’ dogs,
lights out by ten.
“It’s like… the anti-Kamurocho. No yakuza family would survive out there. And it ain’t because of
competition. It’s because there is no money to be made. Period.” He thought about it some more.
“And the police wouldn’t ask us to meet at a residential address… too much shit can go wrong. So
whoever called us picked a place that neither the Tojo or the cops would touch… Damn, who is this
person? It’s starting to piss me off now.”
Haruka put her phone down, crossed her arms, and leaned back in her seat. “…Hm. Adachi-san.”
“Eh?”
“You said it was a prosecutor. What makes you so sure?”
Adachi shrugged. “Well… like with the gender thing, it’s a hunch, but…”
“They told us they wanted us to present our case,” Yagami finished for him. “I can’t really think of
a reason why someone else would use language like that.”
Adachi nodded. “Exactly.”
“Think it might be Mafuyu?” Sugiura asked.
Yagami shook his head. “It’s possible, but… Mafuyu would’ve called me directly, unless
something were really wrong.”
“Not to mention, Mafuyu-chan wouldn’t have threatened us like that,” Kaito added. “Nah… I don’t
think it’s her. Not unless that cushy new position turned her into a real hardass.”
“Well, on the other hand, we don’t have many other friends at the Ministry of Justice,” Yagami
pointed out.
“Did that sound like a friend to you, Tak?”
“Whoever it is,” Haruka said, “I don’t think they’re an enemy.”
Everyone stared at her. “…Are you serious?” Nanba asked. “They just threatened to kill you.”
Haruka shook her head. “No. They said I would die if I didn’t follow their instructions. They didn’t
say they would kill me.”
“Big damn difference…” Kaito scoffed. “The intent was pretty clear to me.”
“What was the intent?” Haruka asked.
“Well, if that was a prosecutor, they’re tellin’ us point blank we’re getting the death penalty.”

“And if it wasn’t?”
“Then…” Kaito trailed off. “…Hm.”
“I don’t think it was a threat at all,” Haruka reiterated. “I think it was a warning. And I think… they
might have the answers we need.”
Saeko stood up. “Haruka, you can’t seriously be considering going.”
“Enemies don’t give you warnings,” Haruka replied. “They don’t give you time limits, either. They
already know where we are and how to get to us. And we don’t even know who they are, so we
don’t even know who to look for. So if they wanted to hurt us… why would they have called us?
Why wouldn’t they have just shown up, gotten us by surprise?”
Seonhee put her soju down and arched her gloved fingers. “Haruka’s making some sense,” she said.
“I wouldn’t have sent out a warning. I would already be on my way to my target.”
“And the police wouldn’t have warned you, either,” Adachi noted, reluctantly.
Kaito didn’t look up. He simply stared at his drink. “…The yakuza either.” Taking in a deep breath,
he chugged the rest of his drink and set the glass down. “Alright. I’m sold.”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Huh? Kaito-san, are you serious?”
Kaito nodded and stood up. “Whoever this is, they ain’t playin’ by any rules I’m aware of. That
annoys me. So, I’m with Haruka-chan. I wanna find out who’s stalkin’ us.”
Yagami crossed his arms. “I have to admit, I’m curious, too. Count me in.”
Kasuga grinned. “Well, shit, Haruka-chan and I are a team. So I’m goin’ too!”
Haruka nodded. “We probably shouldn’t travel to Tokyo in a group any larger than that. Everyone
else… stay here and make sure nobody bothers Haruto.”
Chihiro scoffed. “You’re real smart, leaving him alone with me.”
“You’re not alone,” Haruka said, gesturing to the rest of the party and Kashiwagi. “You have
supervision.”
“Also, you had like twenty chances to run off with him today alone,” Kasuga laughed. “Quit tryin’
to make us doubt you. It ain’t happening.”
Chihiro shook her head and returned to her drink. “Idiots…”
Saeko walked over to the group, specifically to Haruka and Kasuga. “There’s no way I can
convince you two not to go, is there? Just… don’t do anything reckless. Don’t get yourselves
arrested, or worse. If something seems off—get the hell out of there.”
Kasuga nodded, a serious look on his face. “We’ll be fine, Sa-chan. I promise.” Glancing at
Haruka, he added “I won’t let anything happen to her.”
“Don’t let anything happen to yourself either, Ichiban,” Saeko replied. “You both need to make it
back in one piece. Okay?”

“If he watches my back, I’ll watch his,” Haruka said with a smile.
Kasuga smirked. “Heh. Yeah. Division of labor, and all that. Seems fair to me.” He looked at Kaito.
“Alright, Kaito-san. Lead the way.”
Kaito raised a scarred eyebrow. “…Why me?”
“Uh, cuz you know your way around Tokyo,” Kasuga replied. “Obviously.”
Kaito scowled. “What, and you don’t? You were born there, weren’t you? You lived there for, what,
twenty years?”
“I lived in Kamurocho for 24 years,” Kasuga reminded him. “I spent a pretty good chunk of those
years living in the manager’s office at a soapland. Spent the other half crashing in family-owned
flophouses. Not exactly a commuter lifestyle, and even if it was, I spent eighteen years after that in
prison. I don’t know shit about the city anymore.”
Kaito scoffed. “I think you’re overestimating just how mobile I was.”
“You did family business all around the city, didn’t you?” Kasuga said. “Trust me. You’re the
authority here.”
“Agh…” Kaito growled. “I’m not a tour guide. Whatever. We’ll figure it out when we get into the
city. Just don’t blame me when we get lost.”
Kasuga laughed. “Fair enough.” He turned to Haruka and Yagami. “You guys ready?”
Haruka nodded. “After you.”
“Heh. Alright. Let’s do this!”
The party stepped out of Survive, where they found Hanawa leaning against a wall, smoking a
cigarette. “Do I want to know what you all are up to now?”
“Uh… probably not,” Kasuga admitted.
Hanawa adjusted his glasses. “Don’t get yourselves killed. I’ve got enough paperwork to deal with
as it is.”
“Appreciate the concern…” Kaito grumbled. The party then turned and walked in the direction of
Jinnai Station.
~Memories of 2005~
“Hey… didn’t the caller tell us somethin’ about not usin’ public transit?”
Kasuga shrugged. “Eh. I don’t remember.”
“I don’t really wanna sit in intercity traffic anyway…” Yagami quipped.
“Expressways are a bad idea anyway,” Haruka noted.
Kaito glanced at her. “How come? You get car sick?”

“No, it’s just… the last time I was in a car between Yokohama and Tokyo, there was… a bit of a
chase.”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Huh? Like, a car chase?”
“Yeah. We were followed by the Snake Flower Triad. Luckily Uncle Kaz is good with a revolver
and moving targets.”
Yagami’s eyes widened. “Moving targets…? Hang on… That big pileup on the Kanto expressway
back in 2005… Was that you?!”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. It was a big mess. Lots of burning vehicles on the side of the road. I try to
avoid highways now.”
The others felt they now had knowledge they shouldn’t. “Jeez… remind me not to come at Kiryusan with a car, I guess…” Kasuga muttered.
“Or a helicopter,” Haruka added.
“Helicopters?! Okay. That’s a joke, Haruka-chan. You gotta be making that up.”
Haruka tilted her head. “Hm? Does that sound made up?” She halted in her step and paused. “…
Hm.”
Kasuga cast her a worried glance. “Hm? Somethin’ the matter, Haruka-chan?”
Haruka sighed and shook her head. “No… It just occurred to me that heading into Tokyo dressing
the way I normally do is probably a bad idea.”
Kasuga tilted his head. “Oh, yeah. Wouldn’t wanna make it too easy to track you. Probably should
get you a change of clothes. You wanna head back?”
She nodded. “Probably.” But just as she was about to turn around, a light in a nearby boutique
window caught her eye. She slowly looked up into the window. Her eyes widened. “Ah… that’ll
do.”
He raised an eyebrow. “Huh?” He turned to look at what she was looking at, put a finger and thumb
to his chin… and grinned. “Heh. Yeah… I see the vision. You sure that’s your style, though?”
“I can make it work,” she replied. “I’ll be right back…”
***
The heels of Haruka’s new pumps clacked on the floor as she stepped out of the boutique. Kasuga,
Kaito, and Yagami stood at the door, arms crossed, as they took in her new look. “Well… how do I
look?” she asked.
Kaito chuckled. “Heh. Like a dragon, I’d say.”
Kasuga nodded. “Yeah. I think that suits you.”
Yagami simply put his hands in his pockets. “You look like a woman who’s ready to kick ass in
style.”

Her black high-heeled pumps blended well with the black tights that covered her long legs. A
maroon knee-length skirt, matching Kiryu’s maroon shirt in tone, disappeared underneath a dark
gray coat and a lighter grey high neck shirt that matched the color of Kiryu’s suit. Her hair
remained styled in her usual ponytail, but despite that, she looked like a totally new woman. She
smirked. “Let’s head to Tokyo then, boys,” she said as she stepped out into the street and walked
towards Jinnai Station, the men quickly filling in behind her.

Chapter 93: Ascension Point
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Shibuya. This is: Shibuya.”
The station announcement was barely audible over the chaotic chatter that filled Shibuya Station.
Compared to the, shall we say, lived in (sometimes literally) vibes that Jinnai gave off, Shibuya was
positively pristine, spotless despite the increased foot traffic. Haruka, Kasuga, Kaito, and Yagami
stepped off of their train and tapped through the gate, at which point Kasuga went to read the rail
map. “Yongen-Jaya…” he read under his breath. “Uh… we’re gettin’ on, what, Tokyu Setagaya?”
Kaito shook his head. “Nope. We ain’t switchin’ lines. This is our stop.”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Huh? But we’re not there yet.”
“Yeah, we’re not taking the train the whole way,” Kaito explained. “If the cops are watchin’ us,
they’ll be waiting for us there. We’re getting off here, then hoofin’ it. Easier to shake any pursuers
that way.”
“O…kay. And… how far are we walking?”
“I dunno. Couple miles?”
Kasuga glared. “Dude! You know we’re on a time limit!”
“And we’ve got plenty of time,” Kaito assured him. “…I think.”
“Man…”
Haruka looked around the crowded station. “Seems very busy for being so late…” she muttered.
Kaito laughed. “Heh. Yeah. You never been to Shibuya?” Haruka shook her head, and Kaito
continued “It’s the only place in all of Tokyo that gives Kamurocho’s nightlife a run for its money.
This is the city that never sleeps. You’ll see when we get topside.”
“Hard to believe I’ve never been myself…” Kasuga said, scratching his head.
“It’s… actually not,” Kaito joked.
Haruka couldn’t help but listen to the plethora of conversations happening around her, none of
them really for her ears.
“Hey, can we stop by the 705?”
“We should totally get a picture next to that dog in the square!”
“Shichi-kun is soooooo cute!”
She tilted her head. “It’s definitely… different from Kamurocho,” she said.

“Hey, you think Yamamoto’s gonna run for governor?” she heard one voice ask.
Haruka’s eyes widened. “Huh?” She turned to the source of the query, two briefcase-wielding
salarymen standing by a coffee shop.
“God I hope so,” one of them said. “If you ask me, he’s the only one in the government with a plan
to fix this rotten city.”
The other nodded. “Yeah. If Akio Yamamoto runs, he’s got my vote. Governor Yoshida’s a total
sellout.”
Kaito chuckled and shook his head. “I’d be willin’ to bet money that those guys voted for Yoshida
last time. Never happy with what ya got, I suppose.”
Haruka’s brow furrowed. “Yeah…”
Yagami glanced up the stairs. “Come on. We should get moving.”
The party traveled up the stairs, Haruka pausing briefly to stare at the lone piece of graffiti on the
wall, which a tired-looking janitor attempted to scrub away, grumbling the entire time. “Goddamn
kids…”
Where did you go, Phantom Thieves??? the graffiti read. She didn’t know why, but Haruka felt a bit
sad as she read it, even though she had no idea what it meant.
Once they were topside, the party was amazed at what they saw. Emerging into the neon-soaked
district of Hachikocho, they saw the Scramble—literally hundreds, maybe even over a thousand
people, all crossing a street wider than some highways—was unlike anything they had ever seen.
The towering buildings above Central Street lit up the night sky with massive advertisements. Red
Bull. Uber Eats. An especially massive vertical billboard advertised SEGA’s Sonic Frontiers, which
had released the prior month. And plastered over the 705 itself…
FUTURE LOOKING DARK? JOIN BLEACH JAPAN TODAY!
MOST CRIMINAL CONVICTIONS NOT DISQUALIFYING!
WWW.NPA.GO.JP/BLEACHJAPAN
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “Bleach Japan…?” That resurfaced some bad memories. “The young
master’s old organization? I thought it was banned. Why is it back?! A-and why are they plastered
on the biggest billboard in town?!”
Yagami narrowed his eyes at the billboard. “And I thought the name was political suicide
anyway… The governor had to renounce her affiliation to even stand a chance in the election. Now
she’s loud and proud about it? Something smells…”
Kaito grumbled, “Who’da thunk? Kamurocho’s stench has wafted all the way out here…”
“I wonder if Higashi knows anything about it,” Yagami said. “We should call him, see if he’s
learned anything else.” He pulled out his phone, scrolled to Higashi’s name, and tapped the screen.
The phone rang.
And rang.
…And rang.

“Hm… he’s not answering…” he muttered.
Kaito shrugged. “It’s late, Tak. He’s probably fast asleep. Anyway.” He turned around and gestured
to the city around him. “Welcome to Hachikocho, everyone. The center of Shibuya. The
commercial capital of Tokyo. Fashion, music, movies, it all runs through here. It’s loud, it’s bright,
and it’s where all the kids hang out. Man, you shoulda seen the Tojo families that had territory out
here back in the day. Those guys were makin’ MONEY, runnin’ record labels, financin’ nightclubs,
and rubbing elbows with the political elites.”
He gestured across the Scramble. “That’s Central Street, over there. It’s where we’re gonna do all
of our shopping, if we have to do shopping while we’re here. My guess is Kamurocho is a bad
fucking idea right now, so I’m going to suggest that we stick around this area, at least for now. With
that being said, Kamurocho’s north, past Shinjuku Station. Yongen-Jaya’s west, into the suburbs.
They’re both maybe ten minutes by cab, less if traffic is kind.”
Kasuga approached a bronze statue of an Akita dog, which sat on a pedestal across from the station.
“What’s this for?”
Kaito followed. “Ah, this is Hachiko-san himself. Back before the war, he had an owner that used
to commute to Bunkyo, and Hachiko-san would wait for him at the station every evening. One day,
the guy died at work, and Hachiko waited here all night for an owner that never showed. Even
though they’d only been together about a year, Hachiko spent the next ten years comin’ by the
station, same time every day, and waitin’ to see if that owner would show up. Obviously, he never
did.
“His story became a national inspiration, and they erected a statue in his honor. Technically, this
one ain’t the original, but this is the spot he would wait at. Yup, this little guy was probably more
loyal to his owner than anyone else in this town is to anyone they know.”
Yagami raised an eyebrow. “…Are you crying, Kaito-san?”
“Hell yeah I am! This dog’s the only decent creature in the whole city!”
Kasuga smiled at the statue. “A decade waitin’ for someone who meant the world to you, huh?
Good shit, Hachiko-san.”
The statue, of course, said nothing.
***
The party walked through the streets, which became less dense as they got closer to their
destination. “Y’know, I never got addresses,” Kasuga said. “I always just went by landmarks. Just
tell me it’s near a cafe under a bridge or something. Numbers make things too complicated.”
Yagami chuckled. “You wanna hear a secret? They’re not for us. They’re for postmen.”
Kasuga nodded. “That makes sense, I guess.”
Kaito glanced up at a street sign as they walked under. “Shimo-Meguro… not much farther now.
Yongen-Jaya’s the next neighborhood over.”

“You know, I hear a lot of celebrities live in this part of the city,” Kasuga said. “I guess it makes
sense, if crime is as low as you say.”
“Yeah, everyone around here has money out the ass,” Kaito explained. “You’d think that means
there’s a lot of rich marks for thugs to prey on, but it actually just means everyone can afford to sue
the fuck out of you if you try to start shit. They also don’t really spend their money here. They
spend it in Shibuya. Hence why a yakuza isn’t going to profit much from running a front here.”
He smirked. “Heh… although… this place is remindin’ me of a little story from my Tojo days…”
Haruka smiled. “Ooh, are we going to hear about Kaito-san’s youth?” she asked in a higher register,
clasping her hands together.
“Ya say that like I’m old now!” Kaito replied, annoyed. “I’m only… 42… Ah, shit…” He shook his
head. “Anyway. This wasn’t actually that long ago. Woulda been… 2016? About a year before
Matsugane gave me the boot and I joined Tak at the detective agency.
“See, that whole year, somethin’… weird was going on. Random people all over Tokyo were havin’
breakdowns, just completely losing their shit and going bananas in public. One guy went viral on
the internet after he stripped naked and started dancing in an intersection. Another was doing some
unhinged shit behind the counter in a Wild Jackson’s. Just… really bizarre psychotic breaks.
“Around the same time that started happening, a buncha rich and powerful people started losing
their shit in a different way.” He frowned. “This stuff was… unsettling. Guys would be fine one
day, and then would just… break down in tears the next. Sobbing. Confessing crimes and begging
for forgiveness. I mean, I don’t scare easy, but that? That was chilling. One of them, some fast food
CEO or something like that, started confessing to abusing his workers… and then died.”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Did he off himself?”
Kaito shook his head. “Nah. Like, dropped dead. Right there. Heart attack, midway through the
press conference, on live television.”
“Holy shit…” Kasuga muttered, shuddering. “Talk about bad timing.”
“Yeah. It was freaky as hell. Some kinda divine retribution shit.” Kaito shrugged. “Anyway. All of
these rich assholes had one thing in common; all of them had been targeted the night before by
some blackmail gang.”
Yagami snapped his fingers. “Ohhh, I remember this now. Yeah. That was weird.”
“I just don’t get it,” Kasuga said, scratching his head. “So, what, somebody tells them they have
dirt on them, and they try to get ahead of the story?”
Kaito shrugged. “Could be. But, the way these guys were acting, you’d think the blackmailers were
holding some scary shit over them. It became a national story. Every single month, one of these
guys would get a calling card, and the next day, they’re spillin’ their guts and bawling on TV.

Eventually, the police announced a manhunt trying to catch these guys… but they operated without
a trace. No prints, no signs of entry, no nothin’.
“Now, some people in the Tojo Clan started to get a little nervous,” he continued. “The Sixth
Chairman didn’t seem worried, but some of the other patriarchs? They were real worried. And… I
gotta admit, I never really cared about clan politics… but I was worried about the boss.
Matsugane… he was a good guy. I didn’t know if the blackmailers were goin’ after specific guys,
or just criminals in general. And looking back… MAYBE I overreacted. All of those other guys
were bad dudes, and besides, it’s not like pops was very visible. But still, I was worried. So… I
started doin’ a little sleuthing of my own.”
Kasuga would have been on the edge of his seat if he had a seat. “What’d you find?”
“First off, I put together a list of victims,” Kaito explained. “I don’t remember off the top of my
head who everyone was, except that at that point the latest one was that food CEO. People were
sayin’ the blackmailers killed him. I think it was just bad timing.”
He waved that off, because frankly, the thought made him shiver. “I ended up deducing that the first
victim, or one of the first, was an Olympic volleyball player who was teachin’ at a local high
school. Ahhhh, Shujin Academy, I think it was. Not far from Shibuya either. Most of the targets
were around that area, so it’s pretty easy to assume that they were based in or around Shibuya.
“Anyway. This teacher… was a real scumfuck, let me tell you something.” His face hardened. He
actually looked angry. “The things he did… I hope he gets his ass beat in prison every single day.”
His face softened. “But, here’s where it gets weird… He wasn’t on anybody’s radar at the time. He
had his moment in the spotlight, and things were pretty quiet for him after. Which means…
whoever ran this gang had to be intimately aware of his crimes for them to be blackmailing him
like that. This wasn’t a ‘we found some dirt, let’s use it’ kinda deal. It was personal. He hurt
somebody in or around that gang, and they took their revenge. So I figured out that the head
honchos came from that school. Hell, maybe they were even students.”
“This seems… impossible to believe,” Haruka said.
“It gets weirder,” Kaito continued. “See, the trail went cold after that. I couldn’t find anything else.
And about a month later, cops are saying they got the ringleader in a sting operation. Next day, he’s
dead in custody. Apparently, he stole a guard’s gun, killed him, and then blew his own shit
smooth.”
“Jesus,” Kasuga muttered.
“So that’s the end of that, right?” Kaito asked rhetorically. “Hehe. You would think. Because as it
so happens, I checked that school’s roster afterwards. That year, no teachers dropped off the roster.
The headmaster died, but he got hit by a truck or some shit like that. Totally unrelated. And only
two students dropped off the roster. One of them, a girl I think, transferred schools midway through
the year. The other was only gone for about a month, and then returned after Christmas to finish out
the year.
“And then one month later… the group strikes again.” He grinned. “The victim? Masayoshi Shido,
the newly elected Prime Minister of Japan. The highest profile target they could pick.”
“Some kinda revenge hit?” Kasuga asked.

Kaito shook his head. “Nah. You remember what I said? The leader had to come from that school,
and nobody was permanently dropped from the roster. You ask me? The suicide was a ruse. Cops
trying to save face after months of investigation with no payoff. That kid… they’re still out there
somewhere.”
He looked around, his grin slowly returning as they entered Yongen-Jaya proper. “You know where
I’d be hiding out, if I was that kid?” He gestured vaguely around. “A place where nobody’s gonna
be lookin’ for me. A place where the cops and the yakuza don’t even bother. A place… just like
Yongen-Jaya.” He chuckled. “Who knows? Maybe he’s hidin’ around the corner… waiting to
strike. Taking. His. Time.”
Kasuga shuddered. “Ugh! You know, Kaito-san, you really know how to spin a tale!”
Kaito got a serious look on his face. “A tale? You go and tell yourself that… if it helps ya sleep at
night.” He smirked and stopped in front of an unassuming cafe. “Hmph. Alright. This should be the
place.”
Haruka looked up at the sign. “Leblanc…” she read aloud. “What is this? A coffee shop?”
Kaito crossed his arms. “Looks like it.”
“It says they’re closed,” Kasuga said.
Kaito turned the knob, and the door came open. “Door’s unlocked.” He waved the others in. “After
you.”
Haruka stepped in first, and the others followed. It was a dimly lit cafe that smelled of coffee and
curry. As soon as she walked in, she took notice of a painting on the wall to her right. A woman in
red held a baby, with a sparsely flowered cherry blossom branch behind her. A small plaque sat
beneath the framed painting.
Sayuri
Unknown artist c. 2001
“Huh, I think I’ve seen this one before,” Yagami commented. “Pretty convincing replica, I gotta
say.”
“Can’t you read the sign?” a gruff voice from an unseen source said, drawing the party’s attention.
A middle-aged man with slicked back graying black hair, a receding hairline, and a sharply
trimmed chinstrap beard came around the corner. He wore half-rimmed glasses and an apron, and
he did not look amused. “We’re closed.”
A young man who appeared to be in his early 20s rounded the corner as well, also wearing an
apron. He was of slightly above average height and was pale with unkempt, wavy black hair that
fell over his eyes. He wore a large pair of glasses over his sharp eyes; the thin sliver of room that
could be seen through his lenses lacked any sort of noticeable distortion, so Haruka surmised the
glasses themselves were fake.
She looked at the older man. “Um… we were told to come here…” she said softly. “Are you the
one who called us?”

His eyes widened slightly. “Hm? Wait… you actually came?”
Kaito glared at him. “So it was you.”
“Actually,” a female voice said from the corner of the room, “it was me.” The party turned their
attention to a booth that they had failed to notice was occupied. She was a tall, pretty young woman
with ashen brown hair, parted on the right side, and reddish eyes—though Haruka could swear
there was a golden glint in them. She wore a black business suit over a black turtleneck, with a
section sign necklace over top of it, and she had quite a serious look in her eyes. “Haruka
Sawamura. You really came.”
The old man sighed, and turned to his protege. “Close up for me when… this is done. Alright?”
The young man nodded. “You got it.” Hanging his apron up, the old man stepped past the party and
out the door, closing it behind him. The young man turned to Haruka with a slight smile. “Can I get
you anything?”
“You should go, too,” the woman said suddenly, to which the boy shook his head.
“I live here,” he said.
The woman rolled her eyes. “Fine.”
Haruka turned to the woman with a hardened glare as the boy went to brew a fresh pot of coffee.
“Who are you? Why did you call us here?”
The woman didn’t answer immediately. She instead took a sip of her coffee. “Sit,” she ordered.
“We have things we need to discuss. In truth, this meeting has been a long time coming.”
“Huh?”
“You’ve been on the run since the murder of Hachiro Sano, and I’m the one who’s been chasing
after you. You see… I’m the woman who’s going to hang you… or set you free.” She looked up at
Haruka with a serious look in her eyes. “Sae Niijima, Ministry of Justice. A pleasure to make your
acquaintance.”

Chapter End Notes

Surprise!
I'd been alluding to this all the way since Okinawa and now it finally pays off! For readers
who aren't Persona fans, that's fine, I'm not gonna go all supernatural on you. Everything you
need to know about Sae will be explained in the next chapter as well so nobody's scratching
their heads.

Chapter 94: Le Jugement
Yagami crossed his arms at Sae. “You’re Mafuyu’s deputy at the Ministry of Justice,” he said.
“You’re the one overseeing Kaito-san’s case.”
“And, as of yesterday, Haruka Sawamura’s,” Sae revealed.
Yagami raised an eyebrow. “Hm?”
Sae sighed. “…Fujii has… fled the city.”
“What?!” Yagami exclaimed. “Is she okay?!”
“She’s fine,” Sae replied. “But one of her investigations put the wrong kind of attention on her. She
needs time to pursue that investigation, without interference from bad actors. So she assigned the
Sawamura case to me and left Tokyo. There are less eyes on me. A lot less. That’s actually a
miracle, all things considered…”
Kaito cleared his throat and gestured to the barista behind the counter. “Hey, uh, not to interrupt,
but… is he gonna be a problem?” He stared at the boy. “He’s not gonna talk, is he?”
The boy simply smirked.
“Believe me, he is no friend of the police,” Sae answered. “I chose this location because I knew
nothing said here would leave this room. Now sit. We have a lot to talk about, and I don’t imagine
you’d like to be on your feet the whole time.”
Haruka looked uneasy. “How do we know this isn’t a trap?”
“If it is, you walked into it already,” Sae quipped. “Good job.”
Kasuga grimaced as he and Haruka slid into the booth. “Ah… we kinda did, didn’t we?” he
muttered.
Yagami and Kaito remained standing. “Just so you know, I’m Haruka’s lawyer,” Yagami revealed,
brandishing his pin. “I might not look it, but I’ve been doing this a while, so don’t try any funny
business.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it, Takayuki Yagami,” Sae replied. The barista came around with a tray of
coffee, placing a cup in front of Sae, Haruka, and Kasuga. “Thank you, Ren.”
He then turned to Yagami and Kaito to offer them coffee. Yagami took a cup—“Thanks.”—but
Kaito simply held a hand up.
“Not a coffee guy, thanks,” he said. The barista nodded and walked back behind the counter.
“Smells good, though,” Kaito added.
Sae sipped her coffee, and was silent for a moment. “…You’re accused of some very serious
crimes, Haruka,” she said quietly. “The murder of Hachiro Sano of the Seiryu Clan. Even under the
most generous circumstances, that crime alone is all but guaranteed to get you ten years or more.

You’re also suspected of leading the Shin Tojo Alliance, a yakuza group operating out of
Kamurocho formed from the ashes of the Tojo Clan. This ups your potential sentence significantly.
You also escaped from police custody, assaulted officers, and have since evaded capture.
“Altogether you could face life in prison. Maybe even the death penalty.” She sipped her coffee
once more and glanced up at Haruka. “If I pursued this case, I would win. I have no doubts about
that. My record is flawless.”
“Almost flawless,” Yagami interrupted. “There was one high profile case in 2016 where you failed
to secure even a single conviction. A blackmail gang terrorized Tokyo, and you were the public
face of that investigation. Your failure to secure a conviction caused you to resign from the
Ministry in disgrace, and in 2017 you opened a defense practice in Shibuya.”
Sae chuckled dryly. “You did your research, Yagami-san. I’m impressed, though unsurprised. After
all… I’m sure the downfall of one of the people who put Shinpei Okubo behind bars for the murder
of Emi Terasawa was rather cathartic news for you.”
Yagami’s face didn’t shift. “Truth be told, I thought Okubo was guilty the second time around,” he
admitted. “I didn’t even try during that trial. It was my greatest regret for years."
“Do you want to hear a secret, Yagami-san?” Sae said. “I rigged that trial, and countless others. I
had no doubts that Okubo would be convicted, not because I felt he was guilty, but because I was
determined to win, at all costs.” She sighed. “I nearly took a man’s life, and for what? Numbers on
a paper. I suppose you’re lucky you only have that regret. My regrets span my entire career.”
The barista looked up from his work behind the counter, a sad look in his eyes. “Sae…”
Sae shook her head. “That’s why we’re here today. Because I got it wrong before. Not once. Not
twice. Too many times to count.” She inhaled deeply, then let out a long sigh. “And I’m not going
to let it happen again.”
Yagami’s eyes narrowed. “Why’d you rejoin the Ministry, Niijima-san?” he asked.
Sae crossed her arms and leaned back in her seat. “The answer lies in the reason I left the Ministry.
No, it wasn’t because of the one black spot on my record. That entire case opened my eyes. One
could say I had a change of heart. I had done enough harm for a lifetime. I wanted to become the
solution. So, I resigned and opened my defense practice.”
She leaned forward. “One of my first clients was Daigo Dojima.”
The name dropped like a stone. Kaito’s eyes widened. “The Tojo Clan’s Sixth Chairman?”
She nodded. “Yes. He came to me in 2018. He, along with Goro Majima and Taiga Saejima, had
been in hiding since the year before, which facilitated the takeover of Tokyo by the Omi Alliance,
led by Masumi Arakawa of the Arakawa Family, who defected to the Omi around the same time.”
She glanced at Kasuga. “Your patriarch, correct?”
Kasuga nodded. “Yeah. Only… I had been banished from the clan in 2001, so… I guess he wasn’t
my patriarch by that point.”
Sae nodded back. “Dojima was seeking counsel, asking how he would go about dissolving the Tojo
Clan. What the steps were, what the police would need… what he would need to do to ensure that

the thousands of yakuza who swore their lives to him would be able to transition back to civilian
lives. I didn’t know it at the time, but I was effectively advising for the early stages of the Great
Dissolution of the Tojo Clan and the Omi Alliance.
“I helped the best I could, but as a defense attorney, I found my abilities to get him what he
needed… lacking. I began to realize that, though my intentions were noble, my transition into
private practice was counterproductive.” She looked back at Yagami. “A good defense attorney is a
dime a dozen in Tokyo. But a prosecutor who wants to see real justice, even when it cuts against
the grain? That’s much, much rarer. I soon regretted giving up my position, where I could have
enacted change from within.
“Around that time, I… stumbled upon something I shouldn’t have,” she said. “A faction working
within the government that simultaneously answered to no government.”
“The Daidoji Faction,” Yagami realized.
She nodded. “So you know about them. The things I learned were… inconvenient for them, to say
the least. So a representative sought me out.”
She recalled being approached by one Kihei Hanawa, flanked by two other Daidoji Faction agents.
“Here…” Hanawa said as one agent placed a suitcase on the table in front of her. “A gift.”
The suitcase opened. The inside was neatly packed with stacks of bills, banded by the million.
There appeared to be ¥25,000,000 in all.
Sae looked up at him, unamused. “Is this a bribe?”
“Call it what you will,” Hanawa replied. “It’s to ensure your silence.”
Sae stood up from her seat. “Do you really think this is going to silence me?”
Hanawa waved for the other agent, who placed an identical suitcase on the table. Sae now had
¥50,000,000 in front of her. “Is this more agreeable?”
Sae shook her head in disgust. “I cannot be bought. Get out.”
Hanawa held a hand up. “What can we do to come to an… agreement? Name your price.”
Sae glared at him… then something came to her mind.
Back in the present, Sae sipped her coffee once more. “In exchange for silence on Daidoji matters, I
got two things.” She held a finger up. “Number one. A group of… individuals close to me who had
run afoul of the Faction that year would be protected. And number two… I got my old position at
the Ministry of Justice back. Notably, I was able to maintain my autonomy as a prosecutor. I admit
I expected them to call in a favor, but they never did, or at least never got the chance before the
CLP government fell. It seems silence truly was all they wanted.”
Yagami scoffed. “So you sold out?”
“I compromised,” Sae argued. “To protect people I had already taken enough from.”

Kaito chuckled. “Heh. Damn. Who do you know that pissed off the Daidoji so much you had to sell
your soul to them to keep ‘em alive?”
“We may never know,” the barista said as he wiped down the counter.
Kaito glanced back at him, raised an eyebrow, then looked back at Sae. “You sure we can trust
him?”
“With my life,” Sae replied.
“…You must make some damn good coffee, kid.”
Yagami took a sip of his coffee and watched as the barista set the rag down, grabbed a broom, and
started sweeping the floor. It really was good coffee. “Hm… if the Daidoji got you your job back in
2018… why is this your first case back, four years later?”
“I did administrative work for a few years,” Sae explained. “Part of that was digging into ongoing
cases that didn’t pass the smell test. Prosecutors simply looking for a victory instead of the truth…
just like me. I was able to undermine a significant number of those cases from within.
“I also spent a lot of that time looking back at my own cases, from my time in the Special
Investigations Unit. Securing retrials for people I felt were convicted wrongly. Shinpei Okubo was
on my list, but you got to him first.”
“Ah, that was you, then?” Yagami asked. “Damn… Genda-sensei told me about a whole bunch of
retrials his office was asked to defend. They ended up getting most of those guys freed. Not all of
them, but most of them.”
Sae nodded. “Some of them—the ones who didn’t get freed—truly were guilty. The rest, though…”
She sighed. “Anyway… around 2021, I was finally nearing the end of that backlog, when the
prosecutor’s office was approached with a sexual assault case occurring on the train between
Ikebukero and Shinjuku Station.”
“Akihiro Ehara,” Yagami realized.
“Ehara had, allegedly, groped a woman, one Yui Mamiya, on the train,” Sae continued. “It was
caught on CCTV. The fibers from her undergarments were found on his palm. It seemed like an
open and shut case. At the conclusion of his trial, as the guilty verdict was handed down, Ehara,
who had been in custody the entire trial period, made a bizarre claim to the judge that the body of
one Hiro Mikoshiba was hidden in a burnt out slum in Isezaki Ijincho. Even more bizarrely, footage
leaked onto the dark web featuring Ehara torturing and murdering Mikoshiba in that location,
timestamped while he was supposedly groping Yui Mamiya on the train. I’m sure you know the rest
of the story from there, Yagami-san.”
Yagami nodded. “Yeah. It was a cleverly concocted scheme to create the perfect alibi for Ehara,
who could outright confess to the murder without consequence, because it seemed impossible for
him to have actually done it, while at the same time making a fool of the justice system. The fallout
from that, the incident it stemmed from, and the attempt to cover it up eventually ended up being
the final nail in the coffin that took out the Citizens’ Liberal Party, since so many of their ministers
were complicit in everything that was going on—including the Minister of Health and the
Coordinator of the National Police Agency’s Public Security Division.”

Sae leaned back. “With the government having fallen, the cabinet ministries were cleaned out by
the new Prime Minister. The NPA and the Ministry of Justice were two such ministries. Due to her
work in several high profile cases, and her demonstrated independence as a prosecutor, Mafuyu
Fujii was tapped as Chief Prosecutor for the Tokyo District earlier this year. Shortly after… she
sought me out to be her deputy.” Sae glanced at her now empty coffee cup. “She said my work in
securing all of those retrials had harmed the Ministry’s reputation… and that was exactly why she
needed me by her side. Truth, not results. That was what she was after. As for the NPA… well, you
probably can guess how that turned out.”
Yagami’s eyes narrowed further. “What is it you want from us?”
“Answers,” Sae replied immediately. “In this room are two individuals accused of murder, Haruka
Sawamura and Masaharu Kaito. With them is Ichiban Kasuga, an ex-con with a murder conviction
of his own. Right now, my investigation centers on Sawamura and Kaito.
“But…” she added, turning to Kasuga, “…you were a person of interest at the start,” and then to
Yagami she said “as were you. As were several others who have now been declared irrelevant.”
Kasuga nodded. “Yeah. That manhunt was pretty broad to start with. How come?”
“Well, first, I’ll start with Yagami,” Sae said. “He was Kaito’s closest known associate. He was
conveniently out of town when we came by his office to question him. That was a very simple
decision on our part.”
“And an understandable one,” Yagami added. “All thanks to crappy timing.”
Sae nodded. “As for you, Ichiban Kasuga… I admit, it was suggested that you might be involved
by a third party. Somebody within the police department.”
“Yamamoto…” Kaito growled.
“Exactly. Akio Yamamoto with the MPD claimed to have evidence tying Ichiban Kasuga to the
murder of Hachiro Sano, and said he was on the verge of extracting a confession from Haruka
Sawamura that Kaito was the ringleader of an attempt to revive the Tojo Clan. In reality, I suspect
neither of those things was true.”
Kasuga tilted his head. “‘You suspect’? He never gave you any of the evidence, right? Doesn’t that
kinda settle it?”
Sae shook her head. “It’s not that simple. Relations between the MPD and the Ministry of Justice
are… frosty, right now. We keep dropping cases they want prosecuted. They keep detaining people
without evidence and stonewalling court orders to release with ‘procedure’. If the police are
unwilling to cooperate, that isn’t inherently suspicious anymore. These days, it’s business as usual.”
She clenched her fists. “Honestly? I’m ready to drop the entire goddamn case. Whether or not I
do… depends entirely on what you have to say to me, Haruka Sawamura. So if you value your
freedom… you’ll talk.”
Haruka didn’t flinch. “I have nothing to hide,” she replied. “So ask away.”
Sae nodded and opened her notebook. “What were you doing in the Seiryu Clan’s Tokyo offices on
the afternoon of the murder?”

“My foster brother had been recruited by the Seiryu Clan. I was there to get him out.”
“Can I get his name?”
“Absolutely not.”
Sae glanced up at Haruka. “You said you have nothing to hide.”
“He was banished from the Clan that afternoon,” Haruka said. “His name is irrelevant.”
Sae’s jaw clenched. “Very well.” She wrote a note down. “With you that afternoon were Saeko
Mukoda, Yu Nanba, and a Korean gangster that the Seiryu Clan has variously named as ‘Seonhee’,
or 'Seong-Hui', no surname provided. Is that correct?”
Haruka did not answer.
“Where did you meet these associates? Were they Tojo Clan associates, by chance?”
Yagami spoke up. "Don't answer tha-"
Haruka shook her head. “No relation to the Tojo Clan,” she said before Yagami could finish.
“So you were with them," Sae replied. A small smirk graced her lips.
Haruka’s jaw clenched. The trap had been set, and she had walked right into it.
Sae glanced at her once more. She then reached for a manila folder, and pulled out three files.
Mugshots of Saeko, Nanba, and Seonhee were attached to each one. “These are the charging
documents Mafuyu signed when those three individuals turned themselves into the police the
morning after the murder. I’m a reasonable woman, so I’m going to do you a favor.” She then
signed another space on each document.
“Mukoda… Nanba… Seonhee. There.” She slid the documents forward. “I’ve now signed off on
motions to drop their charges. Once I deliver these to the courts, their arrest warrants will be
rendered null and void. I’m not interested in them. I’m interested in you. Now… talk.”
Kaito’s eyes widened. “Uh… hold up. Can you do that?”
“If the case is hers, she can do whatever she wants,” Yagami said contemplatively. “Prosecutors in
Japan enjoy near-universal autonomy from every other aspect of the legal system. She wasn’t
talking big when she said she’d be the one to hang us, or let us walk.” He leaned back and crossed
his arms. “I imagine that what you just did won’t be without consequence all the same.”
“What I just did won’t be real unless I file it,” Sae noted. “And I’m not filing it without getting
what I want. It’s a calculated risk. Now then, Sawamura… it was at the Seiryu Clan’s offices that
you first met Masataka Ebina, a mid-ranking yakuza for the organization, is that correct?”
Haruka nodded. “Yes. That’s correct.”
“It’s also where she met me,” Kaito stepped in. “Technically. I was one of the yakuza.”
Sae narrowed her eyes at Kaito and glanced back down at her notes. “That can’t be right. I have it
that you were affiliated with the Tojo Clan until 2017, when you were expelled from the Matsugane

Family. A matter of money, it was said. The police don’t have it recorded that you were an
associate of the Seiryu Clan.”
“That’s ’cause I wasn’t,” he replied. “I was undercover on a case for a client within the Seiryu
Clan. I dressed like them and hopped the wall, and they had been recruiting so many yakuza that
my face being around the office never triggered any red flags. Haruka-chan here showed up in the
middle of my investigation. Kinda turned the whole thing upside down, if I’m being honest.”
“Which means the official timeline doesn’t add up…” Sae muttered, before looking back up at him.
“If you and Sawamura hadn’t met until that point, why did you show up at the office together later
that evening?”
“Haruka-chan believed Sano’s life was in danger,” he replied. “She was right to think that.”
Sae tapped her fingers on the table. “What was the case you were working on?”
Kaito nodded. “My client reached out anonymously from within the Seiryu Clan, concerned that a
coup may have been brewing in the Tokyo branch. Masataka Ebina, as it turns out, was my prime
suspect. It was an open secret in the clan that he had been gunning for the captain’s seat.” He
stepped forward. “A seat that he now holds after the captain’s death.”
Sae glanced at her notes again.
Akio Yamamoto <—> Masataka Ebina
“How long were you undercover for?” she asked.
“Three weeks,” Kaito answered. “A nearby street camera probably got me hopping the wall.”
“You realize you just admitted to unauthorized entry,” Sae said flatly. “That’s a crime, you know.”
Kaito grinned. “A crime that proves Haruka-chan and I couldn’t have met before the night of the
murder. ‘Cause I was campin’ out with the Seiryu Clan for three weeks… and Haruka-chan’s rail
card will show she didn’t arrive in Ijincho until a couple of days before.”
His grin widened. “On top of that… I’m sure you already pulled my phone records. Didja find any
evidence that Haruka-chan and I had spoken by phone before that night?”
Sae drummed her fingers on the table, deep in thought. “I did not.”
“So… how could we have colluded to kill Sano, if we hadn’t even met before the night of?”
“It could have been a crime of passion,” Sae pointed out. “If Haruka was there to get someone out
of the yakuza. Perhaps Sano rubbed her the wrong way.”
Kasuga smiled. “But if it was, how does it fit into the police narrative that Haruka-chan was out
eliminating rivals in the yakuza? That’s not a crime of passion. That’s premeditation.”
“And… Haruka left the building while he was still alive, only returning later in the night,” Yagami
pointed out. “You don’t stew on a crime of passion.”
Sae closed her eyes and nodded slowly. “You’re correct. However…” she said as she opened one
eye, “…I can still place you at the scene of the crime.”

“That isn’t enough,” Yagami argued.
“Besides,” Haruka added, “can you place me at the right time? Because I was in Kamurocho until
around 9pm that night.”
Sae looked at her. “…9pm.”
Haruka nodded. “Yes. If cameras show Kaito-san hopping the fence, surely a camera in Kamurocho
caught me leaving the city around then.”
“Hachiro Sano died between 7 and 8,” Sae revealed. “According to the coroner’s report.” She took
some more notes down. “I’ll have to pull some more records. That could take a couple of days. But
if everything you’re telling me can be verified… there is no way for me to plausibly argue you
killed Hachiro Sano. I can cook up a motive. Your fingerprints were on the murder weapon. But if I
find what I think I’ll find… the timeline alone will get me laughed out of court.”
The barista stepped out and began sweeping the entryway. Crickets hummed in his ears as he
cleared the day’s debris from the steps. Having been sat across Sae at an interrogation table before,
he was quietly thankful things were going so well for Haruka. As he finished sweeping, he glanced
up at the streets… and paused.
A black car sat on one end of the street, facing LeBlanc. Though the window tinting was dark, he
could faintly make out that the car was not unoccupied. Two men in suits sat in the car.
His eyes flicked to the Poppo on the connecting road. Another car. Another two occupants.
He turned and looked down the other side of the street.
Another car.
His grip tightened on the broom, and his eyes hardened behind his glasses.
Back inside, Sae made a few more notes in her notebook, then clicked her pen. “Ichiban Kasuga,”
she said.
Ichiban straightened in his seat. “Yes ma’am?”
“On the night of January 31st, 2000, who killed Chikao Suzumori of the Tojo Clan’s Sakaki
Family?”
Kasuga tilted his head. “Huh? Uh, I- I mean, I did.”
Sae stared at him. “Care to tell me why you did it?”
Kasuga furrowed his brow. “Is that really relevant?”
Sae shrugged, pen still in hand. “Call it… character evidence.”
Kasuga thought about it. “Uh, well, uh… let’s see. I had just been kicked out of my family, and,
uh… I got so mad, I just went and did it.”
Sae’s eyes did not flicker. “…You were banished from your yakuza family, and you were so
infuriated, that you… tracked down a specific man from another family, whom you had no known

relation, and who was hanging out on the other side of town. Because you were mad.”
“…Yes?”
“…With an at that point nonexistent criminal record.”
“Y-yeah.”
“Where did you get the gun?”
“Huh?”
Sae placed her pen down. “When a yakuza is banished, it is standard for him to turn in any firearms
that the family may have provided him so that no crimes committed by a rogue ex-yakuza
afterwards can be traced back to the family. So where, on such short notice, did you get the gun?”
Kasuga’s mind blanked. “I… bought it?”
“From?”
“From… a guy.”
She crossed her arms. “Do you even know what kind of gun it was?”
Kasuga went silent.
Sae laughed bitterly. “And the police wanted me to believe that you’re spearheading a yakuza
operation…” She picked her pen back up and clicked it. “Here’s the thing that bothers me: the
police really want me to buy that story,” she said. “In particular… Mafuyu says that Commissioner
Yamamoto was rather perturbed when we stopped investigating your connection to the Sano
murder.” She glanced at Kaito. “He’s also insistent on Masaharu Kaito’s prosecution. Care to
explain to me why that may be?”
Haruka nodded. “We think… it stems from an altercation they had in the Tojo Clan.”
Sae’s eyes flicked up, a dangerous look in them. “The Tojo Clan?”
Kasuga nodded. “Yeah. We think the guy has it out for us because of some beef we had back in the
day. Thing is… our patriarchs asked us to work together on a job. A way to sort of squash beef
between the Arakawa Family and the Sakaki Family, and, uh, things went kinda sideways. We
found out he had been talking to the Omi Alliance, and… kicked his ass.”
Sae’s eyes narrowed. “The Sakaki Family… So Mafuyu’s theories are correct. Yamamoto was
yakuza.”
“You mean… you didn’t know?” Kasuga asked.
“He’s been with the police department a long time, but his political rise was fairly recent,” Sae
explained. “We weren’t exactly sure where he came from, and with the MPD being so unwilling to
talk to us, we weren’t able to find out. Mafuyu suspected he had prior yakuza affiliations due to the
fact that he’s always wearing gloves, even when it’s warm out.”
Haruka nodded. “It’s to hide a missing pinky.”

Kaito added “His boss took it from him after he cost the family a bunch of money. Tied to the same
incident he hates me and Kasuga for, naturally. Haruka-chan says he tried to get her to enter false
testimony to try and get me convicted.”
“And that explains why he’s so willing to use the yakuza…” Sae murmured.
Kaito’s eyes sharpened. “What was that?”
Sae sighed and crossed her arms. “I’m sure you saw the billboards in Hachikocho. Bleach Japan,
Ryo Aoki’s former organization. It’s not the same organization in theory or in practice. What was a
private political organization is now the NPA’s pet project, spearheaded by Yamamoto himself, and
approved by the Diet. He championed it as a rehabilitation effort. Ex-yakuza, and other people with
criminal pasts, signing up to ‘help’ the communities they once terrorized. In practice, they’re a
citizen police force, deputized to maintain order on the streets.”
“That… kinda just sounds like the yakuza with extra steps,” Kaito noted dryly. “So that must be
what Higashi saw…”
“Where it gets really dangerous is the chain of command,” Sae explained. “They don’t answer
directly to the NPA, or to the Ministry of Justice. They’re headquartered in Kamurocho, and answer
exclusively to Yamamoto. They don’t need probable cause, they can detain without warrants, and
they answer complaints internally. And because of the Diet’s actions, it’s all perfectly above board.
There are already hundreds enrolled, operating mostly in Shinjuku, but with how crime has
plummeted, it’s only a matter of time before they roll it out to other wards… maybe nationwide.
“But with what you’re telling me,” she continued, “I could bury Yamamoto, legally and politically.
An ex-yakuza, in the highest law enforcement office in Tokyo, fabricating evidence, attempting to
tamper with witnesses, and colluding with the yakuza to secure false testimony.”
Kaito raised an eyebrow. “Uh, wait. Back up. What was that last one?”
Sae glanced at Kaito, then Kasuga, then Haruka. “I illegally wiretapped Yamamoto’s phone before
inviting you out here,” she revealed. “I intercepted a phone conversation between himself and
Masataka Ebina. In it, he demanded your capture, and Ebina attempted to sell all three of you down
the river. It was some deal they had made, apparently.”
Haruka clenched her fists against the table. “Did he now.”
Sae closed her notebook. “But if what you all told me is true, Yamamoto is as good as destroyed.
The only thing is…”
Haruka tilted her head. “What?”
Sae sighed. “…In order for any of this to come to light, legally, in front of a judge, and so that
Yamamoto and the NPA can’t stonewall me with procedure… Your case would have to go to trial
so that I can enter it as evidence.”
She looked up at Haruka. “Haruka. What I’m about to ask you is not something I ask lightly. And it
requires you to trust me more than I deserve, but… Would you be willing… to turn yourself back in
to the police, so I can speed this investigation along and close it for good?”
Haruka nodded. “If it’ll take down Yamamoto? Yes.”

Sae nodded back at her. “Well then… Haruka Sawamura… Masaharu Kaito… I’m placing you
both under arrest.”
Kaito smirked and held his wrists out. “Heh. You know what? Cuff me.”
“I don’t think that’ll be necessary,” Sae chuckled dryly.
The barista came back in, his steps calm but his stride pointed. “Sae,” he said. “We’ve got a
problem.”
Sae looked at him. “What is it?”
“The building’s being watched,” he revealed. “Six men. Maybe more.”
Sae’s eyes narrowed. “Are you quite sure?”
He nodded. “Positive.”
She pinched her nose bridge. “Great. I’m breaking about five different statutes right now…” She
shook her head. “Everyone. Behind me. We need to get back to my office. It’s the only place I can
make this official.”
Haruka and Kasuga stood up, and fell in behind Sae with Kaito and Yagami. The barista stood next
to Kasuga, who raised an eyebrow. “Hey, you’re pretty calm about this, kid. You’d think you were
used to stuff like this.”
The barista chuckled dryly as he typed a message in what appeared to be a group chat. “You would
think, yeah,” he said as he hit send.
“Lock the door behind us,” Sae commanded. “Don’t open it for anyone. You’re not home.”
He nodded. “Got it.”
The party, and Sae, stepped out onto the street… and halted when they heard footsteps. Slow but
persistent footsteps, from both ends of the street. Six men in total, wearing blue suits, approached
from either side. But that wasn’t what caused the party to freeze.
What caused them to freeze was a far bigger problem.
Akio Yamamoto leaned against the wall of the public sauna across from LeBlanc, his arms crossed,
his white suit as pristine as ever, smirking like he had already won. He clicked his tongue. “Tsk,
tsk. Niijima-san… You should have told me you were throwing a party.” He grinned and pointed
with a gloved hand. “Pretty interesting guests you’ve got there. Wanna tell me about them?”
Sae’s eyes narrowed.
Kasuga’s brow furrowed.
Kaito’s face hardened.
Yagami looked unimpressed.
And Haruka simply glared.

Chapter 95: Strong Man
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Akio Yamamoto leaned against the wall of the public sauna across from LeBlanc, his arms crossed,
his white suit as pristine as ever, smirking like he had already won. He clicked his tongue. “Tsk,
tsk. Niijima-san… You should have told me you were throwing a party.” He grinned and pointed
with a gloved hand. “Pretty interesting guests you’ve got there. Wanna tell me about them?”
Sae’s eyes narrowed.
Kasuga’s brow furrowed.
Kaito’s face hardened.
Yagami looked unimpressed.
And Haruka simply glared.
Sae stepped in front of the group and pulled a leather-bound Ministry of Justice ID from her jacket
pocket. “Ministry of Justice business, Yamamoto. These people are in my custody. Get lost.”
Yamamoto held a finger up, the grin never leaving his face. “Is that so? Those two right there…
those’re some dangerous, violent criminals! And that Ichiban Kasuga… no telling when he’ll snap.
Are you sure you got it from here? Tell you what.” His goons stepped forward. “Why don’t you let
us give you an escort to the police station?”
“I’m fine, thanks,” Sae scoffed. “They’re coming peacefully. There’s no need to get your thugs
involved.”
He laughed. “Hehe. Thugs? And here I thought you believed in rehabilitation.”
“Not your brand,” Sae retorted. “Excuse me.”
She tried to step past them, though she found the street blocked by goons.
“Not so fast,” Yamamoto growled, dropping the mask. “You know what this looks like to me? It
looks like… you’re conspiring with wanted criminals. That’s a bad. Fucking. Look.”
Kaito growled, and he and Kasuga stepped forward. “Yo, Akio-kun. Long time no see. Don’t tell
me you’ve forgotten about us?”
Kasuga’s glare narrowed. “You’re here for us, right? These other guys don’t got nothing to do with
it. So let them go, huh? If you got shit that needs settling with us, keep them out of it.”
Yamamoto’s glare hardened as he stared at the two men. “All I know about you… is that you’re
dangerous, violent yakuza.” He pointed to Kasuga. “You are a convicted killer, and the way I hear
it, a cult leader.”

Kasuga’s glare turned into a look of absolute bewilderment. “Cult leader…?” he murmured under
his breath.
“Stop this, Yamamoto,” Haruka demanded, stepping by Kasuga’s side. Yagami stepped by Kaito’s
side, forming a line. “Kaito-san and I are turning ourselves in. So we can do this the right way. The
legal way. Niijima-san was bringing us in when you showed up. There’s no reason for you to be
involved.”
Yamamoto cast his glare at Haruka. “…What’d she offer you?”
“Do you think that’s what this is about?!” Kasuga asked. “Not everybody is looking for deals to
cut! Some of us just wanna do the right thing and go home. Yamamoto, please… just let Harukachan go home! To her kid! To her family down in Okinawa who misses her. She escaped the life
that we couldn’t. Don’t drag her back in. Please.”
Yamamoto sneered. “How touching. Tell it to someone who gives a shit.” He stepped forward and
slowly got in Kasuga’s face. “You think you’re some kinda hero? Like in those video games you
used to stay cooped up in that soapland office playing?”
“So you do remember,” Kasuga replied in a low voice. “It ain’t about being a hero. It’s about doing
what’s right.”
Yamamoto scoffed. “You’re not a samurai, Kasuga. You’re a yakuza. You wouldn’t know ‘right’ if
it bit you in the ass.”
Kasuga maintained his composure. “I’m a civilian, Yamamoto. I’m doing my best every day to
make sure I’m doing better than yesterday.”
“Then you’re an idiot as well.”
“Look, Yamamoto… I know you’re still mad about what happened back in 2000,” Kasuga said. “It
was a bad business. We were all gettin’ jerked around by the system. We all lost things. But we can
choose to be better right now, in the present.”
“Save it, Kasuga,” Kaito said. “This guy’s too cynical to get even an iota of what you’re saying.
Everything’s a fuckin’ transaction to him. You know why you never got promoted no matter what
family you were with, Akio-kun?”
Yamamoto’s eyes became furious as he stared at Kaito. “…Excuse me?”
“It’s because you never got, and you still don’t get, what the yakuza was about.” Kaito clenched his
fists. “Yeah, we were criminals. Crooks. Thugs. Bad guys. We were the guys who walked down the
streets and made people lock their fuckin’ doors! …But they didn’t call ‘em families for nothin’. I
dunno how it was in the Sakaki Family, or the Nishikiyama Family… but Matsugane treated us like
his own flesh and blood. Arakawa treated his boys like his own. We weren’t loyal because of fear.
We were loyal because we felt like we owed a debt to our patriarchs.
“A guy like you? A guy who’s always looking for the next mark, for the next guy to screw over just
to make himself look a little better? Nobody wants to listen to a guy like you. That’s why you were
a foot soldier your entire life. Because everyone knew… that if you got even a little bit of power,
you’d throw everyone else under the bus to keep it. Just like you did when you talked to the Omi.
Just like you did when you started squealing to the police. Just like you’re doing right now. It

wasn’t about doing the right thing to you. It never was. It was always about getting ahead. You
don’t believe people can change… because you haven’t changed.”
Yamamoto glared at Kaito, and was silent for a moment. “Arrest them,” he ordered. “Everyone
here.”
Sae’s composure started to give way to rage. “Excuse me?”
“Here’s the thing: I was actually here on official police business,” Yamamoto revealed. “Turns out,
that cafe behind you? It’s harboring a fugitive.”
Sae’s heart sank. “And what evidence do you have?”
Yamamoto chuckled. “See, thing is… an anonymous whistleblower within the Ministry of Justice
came to my office with a rather disturbing allegation.” He grinned. “Sae Niijima, the Deputy Chief
Prosecutor… keeps an illegal handgun in her office.”
Sae raised an eyebrow. “What?! I don’t carry a gun!”
“Well, as it turns out, we conducted a raid on your office just a couple of hours ago,” he continued,
before holding a hand up when he saw Sae about to object. “Spare me the legal posturing. We
received an emergency warrant for a high-risk firearms violation. Anyway, not only did we find a
loaded semi-automatic handgun in your desk, unlicensed, unregistered, serial numbers filed off…”
“You know how obvious it is that you planted that, don’t you?” Haruka asked.
“We also found… some case files that you had hidden away.”
Sae went pale. “No…”
With a smirk and a slight chuckle, Yamamoto pulled a small sheet of paper out of his suit pocket.
“It took us a minute to figure out what these names were, but once we did, we realized… You’ve
been providing material support to terrorists for six years now!”
He looked at the list and began to read the names aloud. “Ren Amamiya. Ryuji Sakamoto. Ann
Takamaki. Yusuke Kitagawa. Futaba Sakura. Haru Okumura. And… oh. That’s interesting.” He
feigned surprise with a shit-eating grin. “Makoto Niijima?” He laughed. “Heh. Hehehe. She’s one
of mine, isn’t she? Tokyo MPD, Hachikocho District.”
Sae clenched her fists. “You son of a bitch…! Don’t you dare touch her!”
Yamamoto shrugged. “This brings me no pleasure, Niijima-san. Believe me. But I have a duty to
follow up on this. Unless…”
Sae’s breath hitched. “Unless?”
Yamamoto’s grin returned. “Unless prosecution were to be made… redundant. I’ll tell you what.
You turn Sawamura, Kasuga, and Kaito over to me… and resign your post at the Ministry of
Justice. Then this whole… nasty business never has to make it to a judge.”
“Go to hell!” Sae exclaimed. “You can’t make any of that stick in court.”

“I don’t have to,” Yamamoto replied. “Your career is shot either way. The only thing that changes is
whether or not you bring your little friends down with you.”
Sae composed herself and steeled her gaze. “You… don’t get to decide that. You want to take me
down? Fine. I might as well make it official now that I have so many witnesses, then. I’ll be filing
to dismiss all charges against Haruka Sawamura and Masaharu Kaito, and thereby closing the
Hachiro Sano murder case, and removing any legal leverage you have against them.”
“If you do that, you lose the ability to collect evidence against this asshole,” Yagami reminded her.
“Don’t close that case, Sae.”
Haruka nodded. “I already agreed to go back to jail so we can end this for good.”
Kaito smirked. “Yeah. Besides… this guy’s gonna find some other reason to try and fuck with us
unless we stop him.”
Sae looked conflicted. “Tch… then what am I supposed to do?!”
Kasuga slung his bat over his shoulder, gearing up for a brawl. “You fight, Niijima-san. Rebel
against the system, take it over from the inside!”
“But…”
“Those friends of yours,” Haruka said, “whoever they are… he has their names already. Do you
really think giving up here will keep them safe? Now that he knows how to hurt you… he won’t
stop until you’re on the ground, begging for mercy.”
Sae clenched her fists and closed her eyes. “…You’re right.” She reopened her eyes, glaring at
Yamamoto. “Akio Yamamoto… I won’t stop until you’re behind bars. You won’t intimidate me.”
Yamamoto raised an eyebrow… then shrugged. “Whatever you say, Niijima. Have fun
grandstanding. Boys? Arrest them.”
The Bleach Japan goons flanking him lowered into combat stances. Some pulled out batons. One
even had a knife. “You got it, boss,” the one holding a knife said.
Yamamoto stared at him. “Tell me something… you look familiar. What family were you with?”
“The Nishikiyama Family, sir.”
Yamamoto smirked. “That so? You know…” he whispered as he leaned in and pointed to Haruka.
“That’s Kazuma Kiryu’s little girl right there. So be gentle with her. Okay?”
The man’s eyes widened in recognition… and then narrowed with bloodlust. “Hehehe. Will do,
boss.”
Kaito growled. “Sincerely: Fuck. You, you twisted piece of shit.”
Yamamoto saluted the party with two fingers—“Sayonara,”—and casually waltzed away from the
fight as the Bleach Japan goons closed in on them.
“You can’t run from the law, Yamamoto!” Sae declared. “Not forever.”

Yagami lowered into his Crane stance, Kaito took up his Bruiser stance, and Haruka and Kasuga
both took up their stances, ready to fight. “Everyone ready?” Kasuga asked.
Kaito grinned. “You kiddin’? This is my favorite part.”
Yagami chuckled. “Kaito-san…”
“Don’t try and tell me you don’t enjoy it, Tak,” Kaito laughed. “Nobody pulls off the moves you do
reluctantly.”
“I suppose…”
Kasuga glanced at Haruka. “Haruka-chan?”
Haruka nodded. “Let’s go.”

Chapter End Notes

https://youtu.be/8Tgpbe7rOME

Chapter 96: Ideology for Violence
Chapter Notes

You a bad bitch I don’t doubt you
Wanna purse? First show me what that mouth do
In a trap countin’ money
With a chick butt naked
With a Mossberg pump
I ain’t with a punk fakin’!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The six Bleach Japan goons transformed in bright flashes of light as Haruka, Kasuga, Yagami, and
Kaito stood against them. Three of the goons were unarmed, two of them used batons, and the last
one held a knife. Sae stood on the battlefield as well. “What are you doing?” she asked. “Don’t tell
me you’re actually planning on fighting these lunatics.”
“We don’t exactly have the luxury of choosing lawful goodness right now,” Kasuga chuckled. “We
usually gotta crack a few skulls when this stuff goes down. You understand.”
“I suppose nothing I can say will deter you…” Sae murmured. “Okay, well, while I can’t exactly
endorse this, I’ll… provide moral support and try to ignore the assault you’re about to commit.”
Kaito looked at her with an amused look in his eyes. “It ain’t assault if they attack first. That’s self
defense.”
“Aikido is self defense,” Sae retorted. “You look like you’re about to rip somebody’s head off.
Which would be a crime.”
“You can arrest us for it later, then,” Haruka said as she took her turn, back flipping in front of an
unarmed goon and kicking him with both feet on the way up. She landed perfectly on her feet. He
landed on his head.
Yagami’s turn came around next. Using his Crane style, he attacked a baton goon with a basic close
range attack consisting of two roundhouse kicks in each direction and a launching upward kick
finisher, sending the enemy into the air. He used the second action afforded to him by Crane to hit

his opponent several times with a series of open-palm thrusts, juggling him for three seconds before
allowing him to hit the ground. The enemy stood back up a moment later.
“That’s… not possible,” Sae muttered.
Yagami tilted his head. “Hm? Something the matter?”
“Do you understand how hard you have to hit somebody to send them into the air like that?” she
asked. “It’s a lethal amount of force.”
“Uhhh… but he’s fine, though?”
“Yes, but—!” Sae pinched her nose bridge. “Never mind.”
Kasuga was next. “Cool!” Three unarmed goons stood roughly in a line in front of him, so he took
advantage, dragging his bat against the floor as he ran at them, knocking the first two down with
the sheer force of his sprint, then swinging upwards at the third one, launching him into the air.
Kasuga jumped after him and swung downwards, spiking him back down onto the pavement,
knocking him out.
“You’re gonna regret pissing me off,” Kaito growled, though he grinned as he did so. Switching to
his Tank style with a roar—“RRRAAAAGH!”—he went after one of the baton enemies, attacking
him with a wide right hook, a wide left hook, and a left back fist into a right overhead swing, which
spiked the enemy face-down into the ground, briefly suspending him in the air. Kaito, unlike
Yagami, wasn’t here to do some flashy shit, and allowed the enemy to hit the ground, unconscious.
“Nani miten dayo!” the knife-wielding enemy called out as he approached Sae. Getting ready to
thrust his knife at her, he cried “Shineeee!” and slashed at her, dealing damage.
Sae flinched. “Ngh! You little…!” She then took a turn, grabbing him in an aikido chokehold and
judo flipping him over her shoulder and sending him painfully to the ground.
“Itee!” the goon grunted as he hit the pavement, which cracked beneath him.
“Play stupid games, win stupid prizes…” she grumbled as she settled into an aikido stance, her
hands straight and ready to intercept.
“Heyyyy, the prosecutor’s got some moves!” Kasuga said with a grin.
“That was self defense, and at that, a standard martial art used by people in law enforcement,” Sae
insisted. “Not whatever it is you all are doing.”
“Heh. Whatever you say…”
With now five in the party—the core four of Haruka, Ichiban, Yagami, and Kaito, as well as the
guest fighter that was Sae Niijima—these Bleach Japan goons were beginning to look like easy
money.
A baton goon approached Haruka—“Horitsu o mamore!”—and smacked her across the face with a
baton, sending her sprawling on the floor, though she recovered quickly by pivoting into a break
dancing spin that got her back onto her feet.

One of the unarmed goons approached Yagami in a boxer stance and attacked with a right hook and
a left roundhouse, though Yagami reacted quickly and blocked both of these attacks. The other sent
a forceful right push kick at Kaito—“Oraa!”—causing him to stumble backwards slightly.
Haruka’s turn came back around. “Hope you’re ready!” she taunted as she attacked the baton
enemy who struck her with a right mid kick and a launching handstand kick, before launching
herself into a dropkick to strike the enemy midair, sending him pinwheeling across the street and
into a stop sign. His back bent around the pole and he then crumpled to the ground, defeated.
Yagami switched to his Tiger style so that he could attack an unarmed enemy with an EX Action.
He stood opposite the enemy, who growled and swung at him. Yagami dodged the attack, sending
the enemy stumbling into a black sedan which had to stop to avoid hitting him.
Frustrated, the enemy kicked the car, then punched the window. Shortly after, the window rolled
down, and he was dragged in.
He soon found himself sitting between two members of the yakuza, who appeared less than pleased
that he had scuffed their car. One of the yakuza—the oyabun, clearly—slowly, put his arm around
the man’s neck, tapping his far shoulder.
This was when the enemy realized he was probably going to spend the rest of his life working on a
tuna boat.
The car sped off, and he was never heard from again. “Uh… that’s not good…” Yagami muttered
sheepishly.
“Did you plan for that to happen?” Sae asked, her eyes narrowing.
“No! It just… happens, sometimes!”
“Sometimes? As in more than once?”
“Y-yeah.”
Kasuga swung his bat, hard, at the last unarmed goon, who fell instantly. Kaito attempted to finish
the fight with his Kaito Rocket 2.0, a low-accuracy dropkick, though the knife goon rolled
backwards and dodged. “For real…?”
Knife Goon, who at this point was the last one on the battlefield, made one last effort to detain
(kill) Haruka Sawamura. He slashed at her, damaging her severely and causing her to bleed. “Not
good…” Haruka muttered as she tried to stop the bleeding.
This is where Sae came in. She approached Haruka with a move she called Know Your Rights.
“You should know: that was a violation of your rights as a citizen.” This, somehow, cured all of
Haruka’s status ailments.
This allowed Haruka to not take damage when her turn came around, and she ran at the knife goon,
taking him out of the fight with a swift roundhouse kick.
With the last Bleach Japan goon defeated, Sae approached the ex-Nishikiyama Family member,
bent down, and gripped him by the collar. “How many more of you are operating in Yongen-Jaya?”
she demanded.

The man stammered in fear. “A-ah! It’s just us! I swear! W-We were here to arrest the guy that lives
in that cafe! Promise! Somethin’ about sending a message! I dunno, I just follow orders!”
Sae dropped him roughly, causing him to lose consciousness when his head slammed against the
pavement. “Waste of my time,” she grumbled, before approaching LeBlanc and knocking on the
door. “Ren. It’s me. You can come out, now.”
The barista—who the party surmised based on Yamamoto’s hit list was named Ren Amamiya—
stepped out. He looked around at all of the unconscious thugs sprawled out on the street. “…Looks
like you guys had fun,” he quipped.
“You’re burned,” Sae revealed. “The NPA has my case files from six years ago. They can’t issue
arrest warrants without the Ministry of Justice, but somehow I don’t think that’ll stop them. Tell
your friends to get the hell out of Tokyo.”
Ren shrugged. “I can try… but running isn’t exactly their style. Nor is it mine.”
Sae’s gaze hardened. “Are you hearing me? The modern-day Kempeitai has your name and
address. You need to flee.”
Ren leaned casually against the wall, a dangerous look in his eyes. “I’m not scared of the yakuza.
Doesn’t matter if they’ve got ties and badges now. Besides… it seems less like they’re after me,
and more like they want to intimidate you.”
“That may be true, but—!”
“Sae. I’m not leaving.”
Sae glared at him. Her glare gradually softened, though she clicked her tongue all the same. “Tch.
One day that bravado is going to get you killed.”
“It hasn’t yet,” Ren replied with a smirk. “Don’t worry. We’ll be careful.”
He crossed his fingers behind his back, as if Sae didn’t already know he was completely full of it.
Kaito scratched his head. “Uhhh… are we still under arrest?”
Sae sighed, but didn’t turn. “For the time being, no,” she replied. She fully turned to face the party,
adding “It seems we have bigger problems now. It’s clear that Yamamoto won’t let me work in
peace. I need to get out of town for a while.”
Watching as a car drove down an adjacent alleyway, she found herself slightly, and justifiably,
paranoid. “…We should move. My car is this way.”
The party walked down the street, where a luxury black Lexus SUV was parked. “Damn, so this is
where our tax money goes?” Kaito whistled.
Sae ignored him, moving up the right hand side of the car and tapping her fob, unlocking it with a
soft “beep”. “Get in. We’re heading to Yokohama. You have a safe house there, correct?”
“Survive Bar,” Haruka said as she sat in the front passenger seat. “But you knew that.”

“I suppose I did,” Sae remarked. She pressed the ignition button and began to pull out once the
others got in; Kaito in the back right, Kasuga in the back left, and Yagami in the center of the back
seat. “I guess I just assumed you would have somewhere else a bit more off-the-grid than a bar.”
“The bartender is deterrent enough,” Kaito chuckled.
As she drove towards the expressway, Sae pulled out her phone and dialed a number. It rang a few
times. “Pick up…”
Finally, somebody did. “Sis?”
“Makoto, listen to me. Your boss, Commissioner Yamamoto? He’s ex-yakuza, and—.” She paused
when she heard a chuckle. “Hm?”
“Sis… we have a group chat. We’re all already in the know. We’re holding things down here. Trust
me.”
Sae’s grip on the wheel tightened. “He has your name, Makoto. He outright told me he was going
to hurt you.”
“I’m not afraid, sis. And I’m not going to let a fascist run me out of town.”
Sae sighed. “That’s exactly why I’m afraid. …I’m going to be out of town for a few days. Isezaki
Ijincho. If anything happens… Come find me. In the meantime, watch your back. Don't trust
anybody at the station. And don’t do… what you normally do. Okay?”
“We couldn’t even if we wanted to,” Makoto chuckled. “You know that.”
“Actually, it’s extraordinarily unpredictable.”
“Fair enough. Stay safe, sis.”
“You too.” She hung up. “Dammit…”
She dialed a new number. This time, a male voice answered. “Niijima? This is unexpected.”
“No time to explain, Inspector Hasegawa. Things are getting bad in Tokyo and I have to leave town
until they cool down. I know I’m asking a lot, but you owe me one. How soon can you get to
Tokyo? I’m worried about—.”
“Say no more. I’m on my way. I was actually already in Yokohama, looking into that Haruka
Sawamura girl. I assume you saw the news?”
Sae glanced at Haruka, who smiled sweetly. “…Yeah, I think I heard something about it. Sorry to
pull you away from the trail.”
“Eh. Something about it didn’t pass the smell test anyway. Anyway, don’t worry about it. I’ll make
sure nothing happens to the kids.”
Sae sighed. “They aren’t kids anymore, Hasegawa.”
Hasegawa groaned. “Agh! Don’t say that, you’ll make me feel… even older than I already do.
Anyway. I’ll be in touch.” He hung up.

Haruka raised an eyebrow. “Who was that?”
“A friend in PubSec,” Sae replied. “He owes me a favor.”
Kaito glanced out the window as they hit the highway. He watched as a black car moved into the
right lane to pass… and then matched Sae’s speed once it was level with her SUV. “…That can’t be
good,” he muttered.
The passenger window on the car rolled down, and a man in sunglasses pointed a handgun at the
SUV.
Kaito’s eyes widened. “Shit. Step on it!”
Sae looked at Kaito in her mirror. “Hm?” Suddenly, a bullet flew through her window, missing her
head by inches. “Dammit!” she swore as she briefly lost control of the vehicle and swerved.
She put pedal to the metal and sped up, though the car sped up with her as a Bleach Japan member
leaned out his window, firing at the SUV, bullet holes riddling the right side doors. Sae’s eyes
narrowed. Another car pulled up on the left. The passenger of that car hoisted himself out of the
window and sat on the door as he fired over the roof at Haruka’s side of the car.
Haruka ducked to avoid getting hit. “This isn’t good!” she exclaimed.
Sae growled. “Agh… go to hell!” she yelled out as she sharply turned her wheel to the left,
slamming her car into that vehicle, which slammed into the retaining wall, causing the shooter to
fall out of the car and over the wall. The car backed off to avoid being totaled, and Sae moved into
the far left lane. She then swerved to the right. The shooter in the car in her right frantically
retreated back into the car as Sae slammed into it.
That car swerved and lost traction, spinning out and colliding with the previously damaged car;
both erupted into flames a moment later. Several more pursuing vehicles swerved around the
burning wreckage, trying to catch up to Sae, who sped up. With the chaos behind her, however, she
was able to put distance between them. She turned onto the expressway heading into Kanagawa,
losing them for good.

Chapter End Notes

Trippin, I'm crashin
on shroomies, on acid
she got a ass so fat you throw it back girl I'm a catcher yeah
I'm jiggin' no flaggin'
on mollies, on xanax,
I got a check so fat cash out lets see how long this lastin

Chapter 97: Dark Ties
Akio Yamamoto stood atop a rooftop in central Kamurocho, smoke trailing from a cigarette that
hung loosely between his fingers. It didn’t matter which rooftop; it would all be his soon enough,
he knew as he looked out at the town they called the “armpit of Tokyo”.
He drew the cigarette to his lips and took a drag, pausing as he heard footsteps behind him. He
smirked. “Took you long enough… Mine-chan.”

Yoshitaka Mine was a tall man in his early thirties with a serious face and short, dark brown hair
with a couple of strands that hung loosely over the right side of his face. He wore a black pinstriped
double-breasted suit with a black dress shirt and a gold tie, and held a briefcase in his right hand,
presumably packed with cash for Patriarch Kanda. Adorned on his suit was a small lapel pin
bearing the crest of the Nishikiyama Family, where he had quickly risen the ranks. In fact…
“I hear the boss is giving you your own family,” Yamamoto noted. He chuckled and took another
drag of his cigarette. “And in under a year, too. Funny, how far throwing a little money around and
wagging your tail like an obedient lapdog can get you. I bet your wife is pleased, huh?” Yamamoto
didn’t even wait for a response before laughing at his own joke. “Hah! Right, no wife. Sorry; I
forgot who I was talking to for a second.”
He took yet another drag of his cigarette, adding “You know, once they find out what you are…
your new subordinates are gonna find it real hard to respect you.”
Mine’s grip on the briefcase neither tightened nor loosened, and his face showed no signs of
reaction to Yamamoto’s taunts and jeers. He was silent for a moment. Then, he spoke up: “I know
you’ve been talking to the police.”
Yamamoto froze. “…Oh yeah? You got any proof?”
Mine shook his head. “Nothing concrete, no. Just circumstance and a few hunches. Frankly, it
doesn’t really concern me, now that we're going our separate ways in the Clan.”
“So, what, you’re just making bogus accusations to start shit?”
Mine rolled his head and let out a sigh. “I really don’t care what you do in this family anymore. The
way I see it, you’re Kanda’s problem now. Not mine. But let me be very clear about something.”
He stepped closer, his expression unchanging—which was somehow scarier. “I don’t know what

your end goal is… but if you put the Sixth Chairman—Chairman Dojima—in harm’s way with
your indiscretion… I’ll be forced to do something… unpleasant.”
“I- I’m not scared of a fruit,” Yamamoto replied rather unconvincingly.
Mine nodded. “That’s fine. I’m not here to intimidate. Only to warn.” He turned from Yamamoto
and began to walk back to the stairwell from which he came. “Watch your step, Yamamoto.
Because you aren’t as untouchable as you seem to think you are.”
Yamamoto gripped the railing. “You idiot… Your devotion to Daigo Dojima is going to get you
killed one day.”
Mine paused. “It seems you still don’t understand what this life is about.”
Growling, Yamamoto pushed from the railing and turned to glare at Mine, who slowly turned
around to face him. “What the hell would you know about what it’s like to be a yakuza?”
Mine tilted his head. “You tell me. By this time next week, I will be leading my own clan. That
seems rather authoritative to me. And I also know that I have all ten digits, and you, unfortunately,
do not. Not exactly the mark of a successful career, is it?”
“Not even a year ago you were some trust fund banker or whatever the fuck you were,” Yamamoto
spat. “Then all of a sudden you find out you’ve got a crush, and you just dropped everything and
swore up, just like that? I’ve been in this business for more than a decade! And I do real work,
none of that wire fraud or insider trading bullshit you do.”
“Funny, then, that you seem to have only made lateral moves in that time,” Mine replied instantly.
“Perhaps you should reflect on that.”
“Fuck. You.”
“I’m actually good, thanks.” And with that, Mine turned and walked down the stairs, leaving
Yamamoto to stew in his own misery.
“Fuckin’ prick,” Yamamoto growled as he threw his cigarette down. “Who does he think he is?
He’s a nobody, that’s what. Just a rich kid with Daigo Dojima's cock in his mouth. Fuck him.”
To Yamamoto, it was becoming very clear, however, that Yoshitaka Mine would be a huge pain in
his ass going forward.
…For as long as he remained alive, that was.

Chapter 98: Funk Goes On
Evidently, Nanba had done a good job.
Kiryu took Taichi to see a physician on the Daidoji’s payroll at Totou University Hospital, who was
quietly impressed with Nanba’s stitching job. Unable to really do much else for them, he prescribed
some painkillers and sent them on their way, beginning Taichi’s quest for a new suit.
Fortunately, the fashion district of Hachikocho in Shibuya was not far, so they were quickly able to
find one identical to his old suit. As they stepped out of the underground mall, Taichi marveled at
the bright lights of the city. “Wow… so this is Shibuya, huh? I’ve never seen anything like it.”
Looking at Kiryu, he asked “Have you ever been, Uncle Kaz?”
Kiryu nodded. “Not in my Tojo days, but yeah, once. The Daidoji sent me here on assignment a
few years back. 2018, I think.”
Taichi tilted his head. “That’s kinda odd. What’d the Daidoji have you doing in Shibuya?”
Kiryu smirked as he recalled the incident. He still couldn’t quite believe the things he had seen
then. But… “Heh. Perhaps that’s a story for another time.”
He glanced up at the 705, narrowing his eyes at the Bleach Japan billboard. “Bleach Japan…? Isn’t
that Ryo Aoki’s old group?”
Taichi scowled. “Ugh. Those assholes…”
Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “Hm? You know them?”
“That’s the group that spearheaded the online harassment campaign of Haruka back when she quit
the idol business,” Taichi explained as he crossed his arms. “A bunch of internet trolls with too
much free time, is what they are.”
Kiryu stared at him. “…Like… the creatures who live under bridges?”
Taichi blinked. “Not… exactly, no.”
Kiryu shrugged. “Anyway. I suppose there’s no harm in exploring. Just watch yourself. Shibuya’s
assholes might be a different breed, but they’re still assholes all the same.”
Taichi glanced across the way. “…You mean like those assholes?” he asked dryly, pointing.
Kiryu turned to look at what he was pointing at. “Hm?”
Standing near a statue of a dog was a person in an Akita mascot costume standing confidently,
hands on its hips, while a group of punks stared it down, fists clenched. The mascot wore a red
hoodie with English text printed on the front reading “WELCOME TO JAPAN!” as well as a blue
baseball cap.
“Man, shut. The fuck. Up!” one of the punks yelled. “Nobody gives a shit about your stupid
cultural quiz! Quit bugging everyone about it, dickhead!”

“Aww, don’t get all mad at Shichi-kun just because you don’t know your own city!” the mascot,
Shichi-kun, retorted, seemingly completely unaware of the fact that it was about to get the absolute
shit beat out of it. “Maybe if you looked up from your smartphone once in a while, you’d know the
answers!”
The punk’s glare hardened. “The hell’d you say?! Do I need to shut your mouth for you?!”
Kiryu sighed. “What the hell…?”
“Maybe you need a little inspiration!” Shichi-kun declared. “How about a little trick to get you
pumped with Shibuya pride!”
The punks just stared. “…What.”
Shichi-kun posed. “Shichi-kun’s a great dancer! I hope you’ve got your phone ready, because I’m
about to bust a move! It’s time… to dance!”
The mascot proceeded to do an amusing but slightly pathetic little dance that involved rhythmically
shuffling its feet to the tune of an imagined song, before jumping in the air and offering maps of
Hachikocho to bystanders.
Nobody took the map.
When Shichi-kun was done, it once again posed. “Ta-daaaa~!”
The punks stared at it for a moment, silent. “…Yeah, we’re just gonna kick your ass now,” the
leader said, rubbing his temples.
Kiryu walked over to the commotion once it was clear things were escalating, even though the
mascot was testing everyone’s patience. “Hey. Leave the mascot alone.”
Shichi-kun turned to him. “Ah~! A new visitor! Woof woof! Hooray! Welcome to Shibuya! Have a
paw-some time~!”
Kiryu stared at the mascot. “…What.”
“Morning, noon, or night, Shibuya always shines bright! I’m Shibuya’s very own Shichi-kun!”
“God, you are SO. ANNOYING!” the lead punk groaned, smacking his fist into an open hand.
“Get ready to die, asshole!” He threw a punch, but Kiryu grabbed his wrist, stopping the punch in
an instant. “Huh?!”
“I’m serious,” he said in a low voice as he threw the punk’s arm away. “Back off.”

The punk, and his friends, turned to Kiryu and Taichi. “Tch! You want some too, old man?! You
asked for it!”
Kiryu sighed, cracked his neck, and adopted his Dragon stance. “If you insist…” He glanced at
Taichi. “You should rest until that wound heals. I’m advising you to stay out of this one.”
Taichi held his hands up, smirked, and backed off. “All yours, Uncle Kaz. Wouldn’t wanna get
between you and your favorite pastime, after all.”
Kiryu tilted his head. “Fighting?”
“Correcting idiots.”
Kiryu smirked. “Heh. I wouldn’t call it my favorite. With that being said…” he trailed off as he
focused on the enemies ahead of him…

These punks were, in all honesty, not even worth Kiryu’s time, but somebody needed to teach them
a lesson. Kiryu began the fight with a wide right hook, a wide left hook, and a left back fist into a
right overhead swing; this attack was wide enough to catch all three of the punks, though the one
Kiryu focused—the leader—took the brunt of it, including the final hit which spiked him into the
ground and bounced him off the pavement. Kiryu then grabbed his leg midair and swung him
upwards, before slamming him back down onto the ground.
“Aiiiee!” the man screamed as he hit the ground. An enemy behind Kiryu tried to get the jump on
him and swing at him—“Temee!”—but Kiryu turned on his heel and Tiger Dropped that punk,
sending him flying and knocking him out of the fight.
This scared the shit out of one of the remaining two punks, who fell to the ground and started to
beg for his life. “Yabee!” he cried out as Kiryu mercilessly delivered a punt kick to his face,
knocking him, as well as several of his teeth, out.
This angered the leader, who prepared a Deadly Attack. Kiryu could sense his aura as he readied
his attack. It didn’t matter. It never did.
“Shineeee!” the leader yelled out as he jumped forward with a flying knee. Kiryu blocked with a
Mortal Reversal; he repelled the attack with a reverse Komaki Knockback, then retaliated with a
wheel kick he learned in the 80s, which bounced the enemy off the ground once more. Kiryu
finished the fight off with a roundhouse kick that sent him flying.

As the punks fell to the ground, clutching their injuries, the leader scrambled backwards. “A-ah!
What the hell are they feeding you in the retirement home?! L-let’s get out of here, guys!” All three
punks stood up and ran.
“Morons…” Kiryu sighed. “Come on, Taichi. Let’s go.”
They started to walk away, but Shichi-kun called out after them. “Heyyyy~! Don’t you want test
your Shibuya knowledge with Shichi-kun’s super fun and super educational quiz?”
Kiryu stopped and exhaled through his nose. “Not really, no.”
Taichi crossed his arms. “Come on, man. It’s the least you can do for the guy…? Girl…? After they
almost got put in the hospital.”
Kiryu’s jaw clenched. He had a really bad feeling about this. “…Fine.” He turned around and
approached Shichi-kun. “Let’s get this over with.”
Shichi-kun nodded. “Right then! Question one! Our first category is ‘local shopping’! There’s a ton
of stores in the underground mall! You can find all sorts of amazing things for sale there!”
Kiryu tilted his head. “Such as…?”
Shichi-kun snapped, “Hey! I’m asking the questions here, buster!”
Kiryu took a step back. “O-oh.”
Returning to its cheery tone, Shichi-kun continued, “Now then! Suppose your friend from abroad is
visiting and you want to get them the perfect gift that just screams ‘Japan’… Which store are you
gonna head to?”
Kiryu crossed his arms. “Don Quijote.”
Shichi-kun made a buzzer sound. “Ehhhh! Wrong! The answer was, B, the souvenir shop!”
Kiryu glared. “You didn’t tell me it was multiple choice.”
“Maybe next time you’ll let me finish!”
Kiryu clenched his fists. “…Fair enough,” he growled.
“The souvenir shop specializes in culturally authentic goods designed to represent the spirit of
Japan~!” Shichi-kun explained.
Taichi crossed his arms. “I mean, he technically wasn’t wrong, though… Donki has all kinds of
souvenirs.”
Shichi-kun slowly, slowly, turned to stare at Taichi. Behind those cheerful-yet-cold mascot eyes,
there was only hate.
“…S-sorry…”
“Don Quijote is a corporate megastore that happens to sell souvenirs, yes,” Shichi-kun said, a slight
growl in its cheery voice. “But why get your friend some mass-produced junk that’s stacked floor to

ceiling, when you could get them something personal? Also: Don Quijote is on Central Street, not
in the Underground Mall. Maybe study a map before this next one!”
As if that lecture didn’t even happen, Shichi-kun added, all of the cheer returned to its voice,
“Show me your true passion for Shibuya~!”
Taichi furrowed his brow. “Uncle Kaz… we gotta get this next one right. I’m worried about what
this mascot might do to us if we don’t.”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah.” This opponent was different, for sure. Shichi-kun leaned in close. “Uh… I
heart Shibuya!” Kiryu forced out.
“Question two! This time, we’re headed over to Central Street!”
Kiryu frowned. “...If the answer to this one is Don Quijote…” he grumbled under his breath.
“Shopping in Central Street is so much fun, but there’s almost too many delicious things to eat!”
The mascot slowly rubbed its tummy, which Kiryu and Taichi found… unsettling. “Ahhh~! Shichikun could really go for a good, American-style burger, right now! Do you know the name of the
burger restaurant on Central Street?
“Is it:
A) Bye-Bye Burger?
B) Boom Bang Burger?
Or C) Big Bang Burger?”
Kiryu did not know the answer. “Uh…”
Shichi-kun tilted its head. “Hey, mister, you do know this is basically an open book test, right? I
mean, Central Street is right across the Scramble.”
Kiryu stared at the mascot. “...I see. Give me one moment, then.”
“I’ll be waiting~!”
He stepped away from the quiz and started walking with Taichi over to the intersection. “Thank
god we got away from that lunatic,” Taichi sighed.
Kiryu nodded. “Let’s go find that burger restaurant.”
Taichi’s eyes widened. “Wait… You’re not actually thinking of finishing that stupid quiz, are
you?!”
Kiryu clenched his jaw. “I don’t expect you to understand, Taichi, not yet. But one day, you will.
When you enter a social contract… you must see the terms out.”
Taichi sighed and pinched his nose bridge. “Uncle Kaz…”
“We started this. We will finish it.”
The light turned green, and Kiryu jogged across the intersection, leaving Taichi in the dust. “A-ah!
Uncle Kaz! Wait up!”

And so, Kiryu and Taichi walked through Central Street, looking up and down at the various shops.
A book store, a Karaokeken franchise, a Poppo, a gyudon restaurant, a diner, a music store, a Rizap
gym…
Kiryu turned down an alleyway, the only open store being Untouchable, an airsoft shop that sold
baseball bats, umbrellas, batons, handbags… basically everything that could be used as a weapon
except guns, for some reason. Might be useful to Kasuga or Haruka later, but useless to me at the
moment, he thought.
He turned and exited the alleyway. On his left was a GiGO arcade. Monkey Ball. Gokudo.
SlashOut. Virtua Fighter 2. F-Zero AX. No burgers. Still, seeing the VF2 cabinet in the window
caused Kiryu to mentally note its location for later.
At the end of the road was Don Quijote and a movie theater. He glanced at one of the posters on the
box office window. It featured two men standing back to back, a flaming infinity symbol behind
them. Like A Yakuza: Unlimited Yen? Sounds like an interesting movie, but I’m not here to watch
movies.
A Tokyo MPD officer with short brown hair and reddish eyes stood at the box office window,
staring at the poster. “The next installment in the Like A Yakuza franchise is out already? Ah, I wish
I weren’t on duty right now…”
Kiryu then moved back down the road. Aohige Pharmacy, and… “Aha,” Kiryu said as his eyes
settled on the burger restaurant. “Big Bang Burger… Better get back to Shichi-kun.”
“You’re really serious about this, aren’t you, Uncle Kaz…?” Taichi sighed.
They returned to Shichi-kun. “Found your answer yet?” the mascot asked cheerfully.
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. The burger restaurant on Central Street is Big Bang Burger.”
Shichi-kun pumped a fist. “That’s exactly right! I can feel the Shibuya love!”
“I don’t know about that…” Taichi muttered. Shichi-kun shot him a glare, and he straightened up.
Without missing a beat, the mascot turned back to Kiryu. “That brings us to our third question! This
one stumps a lot of people. But you’ve got this!”
Kiryu clenched his fists. “I’m ready.”
“Question three! This time, we’re looking at the Station Square!”
“Hey! You dumb mascot!” Kiryu suddenly heard a voice wail from behind him. He turned around.
The punks from before were back, and this time, they brought friends and weapons.
Shichi glared at them. “Aha~! The enemies of Shibuya have returned!”
“These kids again…” Kiryu grumbled. “Run along. I’m in the middle of something important.”
The mascot growled. “Who sent you dastardly demons? Did that son of a bitch Kamulop send
you?!”

Kiryu turned to Shichi-kun. “…Who?”
“He’s my arch-nemesis! He’s the symbol of that wretched hive of scum and villainy, Kamurocho!
And I will not let his corruption stain Shibuya! I… will… DESTROY HIM!”
Kiryu pinched his nose bridge. “A mascot war. Of course.” He opened his eyes back up and glared
at the punks. “Leave. Now. You are interrupting an agreement.”
The lead punk laughed. “Hah! And you’re interrupting an ass kicking! But since you were so eager
to fight us last time… it might be time for us to return the favor!”

Kiryu really did not have time for these guys.
He had a quiz to finish.
One punk yelled out as he swung a metal pipe at the dragon, who caught it with one hand. He
thrusted an open palm into the punk’s face and stole his pipe, which he then used to clock another
across the face, knocking him out. With a growl, he grabbed another by the collar, pulled him close,
and swung him clockwise with both hands before releasing, tossing him across the square.
As the man hit the floor, Kiryu ran at him and punted his face, sending him sliding across the
pavement, unconscious.
The lead punk’s eyes narrowed, and, while Kiryu’s back was turned, he pulled out a knife, and with
a yell, ran at the dragon. Taichi’s eyes widened. “U-Uncle Kaz!”
Kiryu turned slightly, but too late. “Hm?”
Suddenly, the knife met resistance as it embedded itself into…
…fabric.
Shichi-kun stood between Kiryu and the knife, arms outstretched. “What… do you think… you’re
doing?!” The mascot said through gritted teeth.
Kiryu’s eyes widened. “Shichi-kun!”
Shichi-kun gripped the knife with both hands. “Shibuya… is my city!” it grunted as it yanked the
knife out. No blood. It had, fortunately, only damaged the costume. “No evil doers will harm it!”

With a growl, Shichi-kun headbutted the thug, then roundhouse kicked him across the square,
ending the fight right then and there. Shichi-kun placed its hands on its hips, before realizing there
was a tear at the torso. “Ah, damn…” the woman underneath the costume muttered. “Guess I gotta
bust out the sewing kit…”
Kiryu approached Shichi-kun. “Why did you do that, Shichi-kun? You could have been hurt.”
The actress tilted her head. “Uh? You could’ve been too, dummy! And you can’t die before
finishing my quiz~!”
“Before—?”
The lead punk sat up, rubbing his head. “Agh… you think you’re fuckin’ funny, you dumb
mascot?! Enough with the civic pride bullshit! You sound just like my old man!”
Shichi-kun turned to the punk. “Huh…?”
The punk scoffed. “My old man was a mascot too, you know. You know how embarrassing that
was? And he was always home late. ‘Civic pride is important’, he’d always say. More important
than you own kid?!” He balled his fists. “He worked that stupid job day in and day out. Every.
Goddamn. Day. I barely ever saw him.
“Then, one day… he doesn’t come home. Instead… a cop does. Turns out… my old man suffered
heatstroke in that stuffy costume of his, collapsed right over there, in front of the 705. Nobody
helped him. They thought he was doin’ a fuckin’ bit, because nobody could take him seriously. By
the time somebody called for help… he was already gone.”
The actress tilted her head, the heavy mascot head sagging. “…Oh, mister…”
“I’ve hated mascots ever since,” the man scoffed. “They piss me off. Nobody gives a damn about
you guys… so why do you give a damn about us?!”
Taichi crossed his arms and sighed. “Damn… that sucks…”
Shichi-kun waddled over to the man and held a paw out. “Hey, listen, mister… I’m sorry about
your dad. The thing is… it’s true. This is a thankless job a lot of the time. But he was doing an
important job.”
The punk looked up at the mascot. “…Huh?”
“Pride in your community is important,” Shichi-kun explained. “That’s why your dad worked so
hard. Believe me, it sure as hell wasn’t for the money. But… mascots give the people something to
rally around, even when things aren’t going the greatest.”
The mascot glanced over at the 705. “A few years ago… Tokyo had lost its way,” she continued.
“Everyone was just so damn corrupt, and everything was awful, and it felt like nobody cared at all.
Then, one day, this group popped out of nowhere. Pulled masks off of society… exposed its ills…
and made us all better as people.” Shichi sighed. “And as quickly as they came… suddenly, they
were gone. And the city started to lose its way again.” She shook her head. “I wasn’t going to let
that happen. So, I became the next Shichi-kun! A mascot for Shibuya that everyone could rally
around, so that everyone had something they could believe in. Maybe that way… things wouldn’t
get as bad as they were back then. I just wanted to do my part, in any way I could.

“So that’s why… your dad had probably the most important job in the whole entire country. He
made people smile… maybe at a time when those people might have needed it most.”
The punk looked down at his lap, ashamed. “…I’m such a douche,” he mumbled, before standing
up and bowing. “Hey… I’m sorry. My dad wouldn’t want me acting out like this. Maybe I’m part
of this city’s problem…” He turned from the group and started to walk away. “Maybe I’ll go
volunteer at a soup kitchen, or something. Do something useful for once.”
Shichi-kun’s cheery attitude returned. “Hehe~! That’s the spirit~! Help bring smiles to Shibuya,
just like your father did!”
Kiryu crossed his arms and nodded approvingly. “Hmph. You really do care about your community.
That’s important. I bet you’re the bright spot in a lot of people’s days. Now then…” A serious look
entered his eye. “I’m ready for question three.”
Kiryu could feel the woman’s grin underneath the costume. “Hehe~! You got it, mister!” She stood
up straight. “Like I said before; this one’s a doozy! So you better be real sure you’re ready!”
Kiryu nodded, determined. “Leave it to me.”
“The square in front of Shibuya Station is a pretty famous meeting spot, you know?” Shichi-kun
explained. “You’ve probably made plans to meet your pals here a few times, I’m sure.”
Kiryu tightened his fists. He was ready. Whatever this dog had for him… whatever sick, twisted
trials it could come up with… he knew he would make it through.
“So… When you’re meeting people in front of Station Square, what kind of animal is the statue
right in the center?”
Kiryu’s face didn’t shift. Instead, he turned his head slightly to the left, to stare at the statue of
Hachiko. Then, he turned back to look at Shichi-kun. “…A dog.”
Shichi-kun pumped a fist. “That’s exactly right! I can feel the Shibuya love! That’s all of my
questions! You did a great job!”
Kiryu nodded, triumphant. “Thank you, Shichi-kun.” He turned and immediately started to walk
away. “Heh… a mascot that doesn’t turn its back on the city. I can’t think of anything more fitting
to represent Hachikocho.”
Shichi-kun tilted her head. “…Uh, mister?”
Kiryu paused. “Hm?”
“Don’t you want your prize?”
Kiryu didn’t even consider that there would be a prize. “…Oh. Yes, I suppose I do.”

❤️

From a mysterious back pocket, Shichi-kun produced a white t-shirt with a monochrome design
featuring the 705 and English text that read “I Shibuya.”
“Ta-daaaa~!” she beamed. “Now everyone will know what a Shibuya super fan you are!”
Kiryu took the shirt and nodded seriously. “I’ll take good care of it.”

“You better! Because it’s one of a kind!”
Taichi glanced at a box full of the shirts just behind Shichi-kun, but chose not to comment on it.
Kiryu bowed politely. “Thank you, Shichi-kun.” Turning to Taichi, he added “Come on, Taichi.
Let’s go.”
With that, the two left Shichi-kun, unaware that just out of their vision, a certain bunny-themed
Kamurocho-based mascot loomed, glaring coldly at Shichi-kun.

As they walked back towards the station, Kiryu’s phone rang. He glanced down at the screen.
Makoto Date.
He raised an eyebrow. “Hm?” Swiping to answer, he greeted “Date-san.”
“Kiryu. It’s been a minute. How’s being dead treating you?”
Kiryu glanced at Taichi. “It’s not quite going the way I had planned.”
“I’m sure. Word is you’re in Tokyo right now. Think you have time for a chat? There are some
developments I should get you caught up on.”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. Is it okay if I bring Taichi?”
Date inhaled sharply. “…Taichi? As in, from the orphanage. Who’s supposed to believe you’re
dead. That Taichi?”
“Yeah.”
“…God dammit Kiryu. What have you gotten yourself into now?”
Kiryu snorted. “It’s a long story. There have been developments on both sides, it seems.”
“So… are you back?”
Kiryu shook his head. “Not quite. I’m working on the situation with Haruka. For now, at least, the
Daidoji are playing ball but… who knows how long that will last.”
Date hummed. “Hmm. Can you come out to New Serena?”
Kiryu shook his head. “Negative. Kamurocho is still off limits for me.”

“Then we’ll meet in Hachikocho. I’ve got a contact at a karaoke bar on Central Street that can keep
things nice and private for us. Tartarus. You know the place?”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. We’ll be there soon.”
“I’ll be waiting.”
Date hung up, and Kiryu put his phone away. “Change of plans, Taichi. We’re gonna go meet an
old friend on the force. Hopefully he can catch us up to speed on what’s been going on in
Kamurocho these past couple of years.”
Taichi nodded. “Sure. But what about Hanawa? Isn’t he waiting on us?”
“I’ll let him know to meet us there,” Kiryu replied. “He might be interested in hearing it too, since
the Daidoji aren’t as powerful in Tokyo as they once were.”
“Alright, then. Lead the way, Uncle Kaz!”

Chapter 99: Living With Determination
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Kiryu and Taichi entered Tartarus, a cozy little bar on Hachikocho’s Center Street, located between
Big Bang Burger and Aohige Pharmacy. The layout was similar to Survive in Ijincho and the
Golden Dragon in Okinawa, with an intimate dining area, a karaoke corner with a Joysound
machine in the corner, and a stairway behind the bar presumably leading up to a room for rent. The
decor was simple but classy, mostly what one would expect from a bar like this, with one big
exception—a bus stop sign that looked like it had been pulled from the ground hung up on the wall
near the corner, just behind the Joysound setup.
Taichi tilted his head. “…Huh?”
“I keep meaning to return that,” he heard a man chuckle behind the bar. Kiryu and Taichi turned in
the direction of the voice.
Behind the bar stood a rather tall man—as tall as or possibly taller than Kiryu—in his late 20s or
early 30s with dark, shoulder length hair underneath a black beanie. He wore a red vest over a
white shirt, and had a pair of square-framed glasses over his eyes. “Date called ahead, said you two
would be coming,” he said. “Please, make yourselves at home. Can I get you anything to drink?”
“Whiskey,” Kiryu said. “How exactly do you know Date-san?”
“He started coming in a few years ago,” the bartender explained as he set a glass down in front of
Kiryu and poured. “The way I understand it, he’s got a protege on the MPD here. Now, what’s a
detective from Kamurocho doing mentoring a beat cop in Shibuya? No idea. Not really any of my
business, at any rate.”
Taichi looked around the room. He noticed a red armband reading “S.E.E.S.” sitting on a shelf just
behind the bartender. The armband sat in front of a photograph of the bartender in his youth,
standing next to two others, a boy with white hair and a girl with long red hair.
The bartender’s eyes followed his gaze. “Old thing,” he muttered. “Doesn’t mean much anymore.”
“Are those your friends?” Taichi asked.
The bartender eyed him, causing Kiryu to clear his throat.
“Some people… have stories they’d rather keep to themselves, Taichi,” Kiryu said. “It’s best not to
pry.”
Taichi’s brow furrowed, and he bowed his head apologetically. “Right. I’m sorry, sir.”
The bartender chuckled. “Don’t worry about it.” He placed another glass down in front of Taichi,
wincing as he did so. “Ah…”
“You alright?” Taichi asked, to which the bartender nodded.

“Yeah. Old injury, about thirteen years back. Almost didn’t make it.” He paused. “Didn’t expect to,
anyway. Didn’t deserve to, if you ask me.” He shrugged his shoulders. “The spot where it happened
still hurts from time to time.”
“Oh… sorry.”
The door opened once more. Kiryu turned, and in walked Makoto Date, exactly as he last saw him
six years prior. Same brown trenchcoat. Same messy, slicked back hair. Same tired, “done” look in
his eyes.
“Date-san,” Kiryu greeted, nodding his head.
“Kiryu,” Date mumbled as he shut the door behind him. “Do you have any idea how screwed up
things have gotten since you died?”
“I’ve been out of the loop,” Kiryu replied dryly.
Date slapped a flier on the bar bearing Bleach Japan’s logo. Paperclipped to it was a photograph of
a man in a white suit. “Well get in the loop. Because this might be Kamurocho’s biggest threat yet.”
Kiryu glanced at the photo. “And who is this?”
“Akio Yamamoto,” Date explained. “The Police Commissioner. My boss.”
“A dirty cop? Date-san, Kamurocho’s been full of those since before either of us was born.”
Date laughed, though he didn’t seem to find anything very funny. “If only that’s all he was.” He
glanced at Taichi, his frustrated tone slipping away as he addressed him. “Hello, Taichi. Makoto
Date. Tokyo MPD. Nice to meet you.”
Taichi waved a hand. “Date-san.”
Date’s eyes shifted to Kiryu, hardening into a glare once more. “And what’s this about, huh?
Taichi’s meant to think you’re dead. What’d I sell my soul to the Daidoji for, huh?”
“You have Ichiban Kasuga to thank for that,” Kiryu chuckled. “Actually, I don’t think I’ve thanked
him yet.”
Date tilted his head. “Eh?”
“Kasuga was snooping around Morning Glory after Haruka got arrested, and got Taichi involved.
One thing led to another, and, well, now this little secret is his burden, too.”
Date groaned and pinched his nose bridge. “Oh, yeah, and that’s the other thing. I’ve got orders to
re-arrest Haruka if I see her. Apparently two of Tokyo’s chief prosecutors fled the city earlier in the
night. Fujii and Niijima. Without them, the Ministry of Justice is in shambles. Yamamoto’s taken it
upon himself to do their jobs for them.”
“You’ve ignored orders before,” Kiryu said casually as he downed his drink, the whiskey burning
his throat.
“Sure,” Date conceded. “But these guys won’t.” He drew Kiryu’s attention to the flier. “Bleach
Japan. The National Police Agency’s new pet project. They’re a bunch of ex-yakuza serving as

Yamamoto’s own little private police force. There’s no job too dirty for these deputized thugs. I’m
doing what I can from inside the police department, but right now, that isn’t much, and these guys
are the reason why. Everyone at the station is pissed about it, but nobody can do anything about it.
Anyone who tries gets transferred to another ward or moved to traffic. Right now it’s just me and
an officer from Hachikocho I started mentoring a few years back. Makoto Niijima. The fugitive
prosecutor’s sister. You can probably guess why she hasn’t drank the kool-aid yet.”
“Makoto and Makoto…” Kiryu chuckled, causing Date to glare.
“Kiryu. This is serious.”
“I should think so,” another voice chuckled behind them. Kiryu turned his head. Hanawa stood in
the doorway, adjusting his glasses. “But you do have to admit, it’s a funny coincidence.”
Date narrowed his eyes at the newcomer. “Who are you?”
“He’s with me,” Kiryu said. “That’s Hanawa. He’s another agent with the Daidoji.”
Date threw his hands up. “Jesus Christ…”
“I do perform miracles like him,” Hanawa chuckled. “I already told you that Soma’s dealt with,
right?”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. So we won’t have to worry about him anymore, right?”
Hanawa smirked. “I doubt anyone will be hearing from him any time soon.”
Kiryu nodded, then turned back to his drink. “…He’s the one who murdered Yuta.”
Date’s eyes widened. “Haruka’s husband?”
Hanawa’s smirk softened. “…I’m sorry, Kiryu.”
Kiryu shook his head. “Don’t be. This was before he joined the Daidoji. It’s got nothing to do with
you.”
“Does Haruka know he’s still alive?”
Kiryu shook his head again. “No. And I believe it should be kept that way. If somebody had taken
from me what he took from her… I can’t say I’d be proud of what I would do. I don’t want her to
be faced with a decision like that either. …Did you know?”
Hanawa frowned. “Know what?”
“What Soma had done?”
Hanawa exhaled through his nose. “…We didn’t have anything concrete, no. We knew that, prior to
his arrest, he had made contact with Yuta Usami and Goro Majima. We suspected Usami’s illness
may have stemmed from that meeting. But we had no proof. Suspicion isn’t actionable.”
Kiryu nodded slightly, downing the rest of his drink. “…What’s done is done, I suppose.”
Taichi stared into his drink. “…I don’t think Haruka’s like that.”

Kiryu glanced at him. “Hm?”
“You’re worried that Haruka would try and kill Soma if she knew he was still alive, right?” the
young man shook his head. “No way. Even if he was right in front of her… even though she’d be
completely in the right… She’s not a killer.”
An image of Keiji Shibusawa’s face flashed in Kiryu’s memory. Barely recognizable from the
beating the old Dragon received as the new Dragon continued to pound on him. He remembered the
fact—fact, not possibility—that Nishiki’s intervention was the only thing keeping Kiryu from
ending his life.
He thought of Tsuneo Iwami, the motherfucker. How badly he wanted him dead. How he would
have killed him, were it not for the fact that he had to choose between ending him, and saving
Haruka and Haruto.
He thought of Ichiban Kasuga, a man so much better than him… but a man with limits, all the
same. Limits that caused him to nearly cross that line, until Kiryu intervened, just as Nishiki had
thirty years prior.
He thought of Nishiki, of Ryuji Goda, of Yoshitaka Mine… all men who knew at their most, and
least, honorable. Men who could be great… and men who could be monsters.
Kiryu looked back down at his empty glass. “…Nobody wants to be that person,” he muttered.
“But even saints have limited patience.”
Taichi studied Kiryu silently for a moment. “You know, Uncle Kaz… maybe you’re right. But
Kasuga-san? He told me that you pulled him from the brink, once.”
Kiryu’s eyes widened. “Kasuga…?”
Taichi didn’t pause. “He told me that he almost crossed that line… and that you held him back.” He
raised his glass with a smile. “The way he tells it, because of that, you might just be the most
important man in his life. Except, maybe, Masumi Arakawa. Maybe.” He finished his drink. “So,
yeah. Maybe everyone has their limit. That doesn’t mean it’ll break them. Not as long as they’ve
got people around them to set them on the right path.”
Kiryu’s eyes studied Taichi. After a moment of tense silence, he nodded, just slightly. “Hm. You are
right about one thing. As long as Haruka’s new friends are around… as long as Kasuga’s around…
She’s got nothing to worry about.”
“As long as you’re around, Uncle Kaz.”
Kiryu’s face didn’t shift, though he didn’t respond, either. Instead, he glanced subtly at Hanawa.
The handler stared back, his own eyes unreadable. “…That’s what we’re here to talk about, isn’t
it?” Hanawa asked rhetorically.
Date’s eyes narrowed. “What’s there to talk about? I’m not sure we want to hear what the Daidoji
have to say.”
Hanawa chuckled. “I don’t blame you for being skeptical. But listen, okay?” He reached into his
inner pocket, pulling out a manilla folder and laying it on the bar. “We’ve got options.”

He flipped the folder open. “Option A) We execute Kiryu for insubordination, eliminate Haruka
and Taichi for knowing too much, silence Date just because, and then I’m disposed of for
operational failure. All five of us get thrown in the Tokyo Bay. Nobody ever hears from us again.”
He glanced up at the room, eyebrows raised. Everyone else seemed unamused. “I’m assuming
that’s off the table.”
Taichi crossed his arms. “Obviously.”
Hanawa shrugged. “Option B,” he said as he flipped to another page. “Agent Haruka and Agent
Taichi. We swear both of them to secrecy, they ‘die’, and then you have a happy little family in the
Faction protecting entrenched bureaucrats and bumping off liabilities.”
“Are there any good options?” Kiryu asked, frustrated. “At all?”
Hanawa held a finger up. “I’m not done. Okay? Relax.”
“Just skip to the ones that don’t involve somebody disappearing or dying,” Date scoffed.
Hanawa sighed. “Alright. Fine.” He flipped through… several pages. “Option C, no, Kiryu dies in
that one… Option D is no better… Option E is just weird. Ah. There we go. Option F. Take a look.”
Everyone crowded around the page. They read it for a moment. Everyone seemed surprised at what
they were reading. Kiryu furrowed his brow. “What’s the catch?”
Hanawa sighed. “…This one is really, really hard to do. And there’s no guarantee any of us walk
from it alive.”
“But… it’s possible?”
Hanawa nodded. “Yeah. It’s possible.”
Date raised an eyebrow. “Hold on… just how much pull do you have at the Daidoji? Because for
this to be possible…”
“I would have to be at the top, yes,” Hanawa sighed. “Or somewhere close to it. And in order for
that to happen…”
Hanawa flipped the page over. A photograph familiar to Kiryu was paperclipped to it. Kiryu’s eyes
widened.

“…Agent Yoshimura would have to die,” Hanawa finished.
Kiryu shook his head. “Absolutely not.”
“You wouldn’t be involved,” Hanawa clarified. “I would do the job myself.”
“Hanawa. No. I’m not letting someone else die to guarantee my own freedom.” He scoffed. “Even
if he is an ass.”
Taichi tilted his head. “Uh… who’s Yoshimura?”
Hanawa sighed and crossed his arms. “He’s a high-ranking agent at the Daidoji Faction. Next in
line to be the boss, in fact. He’s been at the Faction a long time. Longer than I have, at least, so he’s
got a lot of allies. If this plan has any hope of working… I would need to kill Yoshimura, and take
his place as the Boss’s right hand man.”
Kiryu shook his head. “Off the table. I won’t allow it.”
Hanawa glared at him. “Kiryu… don’t you understand? This is your only shot at freedom. If I do
this, you can go back to your orphanage. Go back to your kids. You can live again. Not as Joryu.
Not as Taichi Suzuki. As Kiryu. Kazuma Kiryu. Don’t you want that?”
Kiryu clenched his jaw. “…I don’t want somebody to die to get it. If that’s the only way… then
there’s no hope for me.” He sighed. “…You have any options that keep everyone else safe? I don’t
care what happens to me at this point.”
Hanawa clenched his fists. “You stubborn ass… Think about what you’re saying. You’re saying if
it came down to you or him, you would rather it be you?! Is that fair to your family?!”

“Save it, Hanawa,” Taichi said.
“Hm?”
Taichi stared sadly at Kiryu. Proud, but sad. “This is the one thing my old man won’t budge on. No
amount of arguing, from you, or from me, or even from Haruka will change his mind.” He shook
his head. “Not that I’d want him to anyway. If he wasn’t like this… he wouldn’t be Uncle Kaz.”
Hanawa scoffed and pinched his nose bridge beneath his glasses. “God dammit…” Suddenly his
phone rang. “This conversation isn’t over.” He glanced down at the phone.
Viper
Hanawa rolled his eyes. “Soma? This should be good.” He answered. “Hey, ‘boss’,” he said with a
smirk. “I waited for you in Ijincho, but you never showed. I was so worried about you. I hope
nothing happened?”
Soma chuckled darkly. “You know full well what happened.”
Hanawa’s smirk widened to a grin. “Heh. Yeah, I guess I do.”
“After your little stunt in Sotenbori, the Boss called me in to a meeting, at our headquarters in
Kyoto.”
Hanawa turned to smirk at Kiryu, who scoffed. He then turned back to his call. “Heh. And how did
that go?”
“Oh… it went about as well as you could expect. We had some… disagreements. A bit of an
argument.”
“Yeah? Well, you’re still standing, so I guess it worked out.”
“Actually, it did.” Soma chuckled again. “It worked out… very favorably for me. Leadership…
well, they came around. Eventually.”
Hanawa’s smirk slowly faded into a frown. A serious look entered his eyes. “…What did you do.”
“Oh, nothing you wouldn’t have done in my shoes.”
On his end, Soma walked through the eerily empty halls of the Faction’s headquarters. “Or maybe I
did. See… I was never much of a politician. Debate… it’s just not my strong suit. I prefer bold,
decisive action.” He stepped delicately over a pair of legs and continued walking.
Crimson marked his footsteps.
“Soma… what did you do?!” Hanawa demanded.
“Did you hear about the… restructuring?” Soma asked. “I was shocked to hear of it myself. We had
to let a few people go. It’s unfortunate, but this is a business, after all.”
He swiped a bloodied keycard, allowing him entry into a room.
The Boss’s office.

“Even our dear old boss was among the cuts, I’m afraid.”
Hanawa’s grip tightened on his phone. “You’re lying.”
Soma smirked as he stared at the Boss.
Slumped over in his seat.
A fresh bullet hole planted between his wide open eyes, a trail of blood trickling down his face.
Soma turned to stare at the only two living agents left in the room. They were terrified. Quaking.
Strangled, shuddering, fearful cries escaped their lips. This caused Soma’s smirk to widen. “I need
you two to do me a favor,” he said politely. “Figure out how many agents we have in the field. Get
me their names. Get me any leverage we might have. It appears… it has fallen upon me to right the
ship.”
The men, still trembling, nodded. “Y-yes! Right away, sir!” They stood up, and quickly bolted from
the room.
Soma held the phone back up to his face. “I do hope you’re adaptable to change, Hanawa-san,” he
said triumphantly as he walked to the window to stare out at the moonlit forest. “Because changes
are coming. We’ll speak soon. Don’t worry… you don’t have to tell me where you are. I’ll find
you.”
The line went dead, and Hanawa’s face went pale.

Chapter End Notes

Just in case this comes up later, the Yakuza Kiwami 3 story leaks that are going around will
have no bearing on this story's progression at all. I don't really have much more to say about it
and probably won't until Kiwami 3 releases properly.

Chapter 100: Ichibanka
Isezaki Ijincho.
Isezaki Ijincho.
Sae Niijima was once at the top of Japan’s most influential prosecution authority… and now she
was in the dump that was Isezaki Ijincho, nursing a whiskey in a karaoke bar that sees zero business
on a good day, and outright felonious business on a bad day. The jukebox in the corner played
“Baka Mitai”, the tune echoing quietly through the bar.
Rock bottom, once again.
She threw back the glass. Her third glass. She placed it down, unsteadily, and though her face
remained stoic, the gradual reddening of her cheeks and nose made it impossible to deny that she
was beginning to get properly fucked up.
Maybe. She knew her tolerance wasn’t high. She hardly ever drank. But, present circumstances
what they were…
Ichiban Kasuga strolled over to her lonely booth in the corner and sat across from her, a glass of
water in hand. He placed it in front of her. “Hey, don’t over do it, Niijima-san,” he said, a polite
smile on his face. “Here, have some water.”
Sae eyed the water. “…You didn’t get this from the river, did you?”
“Heh. That would be hella nasty. But no, I didn’t.”
Sae sighed, grabbed the glass, and sipped from it.
Kasuga tilted his head. “Hm… Somethin’ on your mind, Niijima-san?”
Sae furrowed her brow and gave Kasuga a look. Is he serious right now? “…A couple of things,
yes.”
“Well, hey, if you need somebody to hear you out, I’m all ears! Or, I mean, if you’re not
comfortable spillin’ your guts to an ex-yakuza with a murder on his rap sheet, anyone else here’ll
hear you out, too.” Kasuga grinned and leaned back in his seat, crossing his arms. “We rant and
rave at each other all the time! The bartender’ll listen, too.”
Sae glanced at the bartender, who wiped a glass clean with a serious look on his scarred face. He
looked over at her, his expression unchanging as he eyed her through his glasses.
“That’s a man with skeletons in his closet,” she muttered.
“Eh. Everyone in this town has some.”
“Come on, man, pick up…” Kasuga heard Kaito grumbling at the bar.
“Hm? What’s up, Kaito-san?”

Kaito shook his head. He stared at his phone, a ring back tone echoing quietly from it. “Higashi’s
not pickin’ up his phone… that ain’t like him.”
“Are you seriously using your personal cellphone?” Sae grumbled. “Are you dim?”
“It’s a bit late for secrecy, lady,” Kaito chuckled. “Yamamoto knows where we’re at. He can’t get at
us. That’s why he ambushed us in Yongen-Jaya. Ijincho’s protected.”
Sae raised an eyebrow. “Protected by who?”
“Korean gangsters. Chinese gangsters. Yakuza.”
She scoffed. “Fantastic. I’m an accessory.”
Kasuga chuckled. “I think a crime has to be committed for you to be an accessory…”
A voice suddenly emanated from Kaito’s phone. “Toru Higashi. Leave a message.” The phone
beeped.
“Dammit… hey, man, call me back as soon as you can.” He tapped his screen, hanging the call up.
Yagami chuckled. “You know, Kaito-san, if you were calling me right now, I also wouldn’t pick up.
That’s a one-way ticket to an interrogation room.”
“Who’s doin’ the interrogating?” Kaito asked. He gestured to Sae. “The lady strapping us to the
electric chair is sitting right over there, and I think Yamamoto already knows he’s not getting
anything out of any of our friends.”
“I wouldn’t actually have sought the death penalty,” Sae argued, her grip tightening on her glass.
“Well, you told us you were gonna. So right now, I dunno what to believe. You’re sending me some
mixed signals. But hey, I get it. Don’t gotta be straight with someone who used to be yakuza, right?
We haven’t earned that right. I still owe society somethin’, even though I’ve been legit for five
years now.”
Sae narrowed her eyes. “I didn’t say that. I wouldn’t say that.”
Kaito shrugged. “Actions speak louder than words, lady. But ignore me. I’m ‘dim’.” He chuckled.
“It’s funny… the law says five years is all somebody like me’s gotta give to be ‘respectable’ again.
But that’s just words on paper, I guess.”
Sae stared at him in silence, her eyes slowly widening. She slowly looked back down at her empty
whiskey glass. “…I’m sorry,” she exhaled.
Kaito raised an eyebrow. “Eh?”
“You’re right. I haven’t been fair to you. I guess… I haven’t really changed.” She let out a dry,
humorless chuckle. “And here I thought I was finally starting to do something good… You have
every right to hate me.”
Now Kaito felt like an asshole. “…Don’t worry about it,” he mumbled awkwardly. “For what it’s
worth, I don’t hate you. It’s just exhausting, is all. Sorry for takin’ it out on you.”

The bartender stepped out from behind his bar, approaching Kasuga. “Hey. I need to head out for
the night,” he said… before turning to Saeko and palming her a key. “Lock up if you guys need to
step out, okay?”
Saeko raised an eyebrow. “Oh? Uh, okay. Sure thing.”
Kasuga furrowed his brow. “Hey, hold on, how come she gets a key?”
“She’ll actually remember to lock the door,” the bartender replied sternly.
“Oh… yeah, I guess she would, huh?”
“And besides, as the owner of Club Silky Queen, she probably knows better than anyone else here
the sort of state I expect this place to be in when I get back in the morning,” the bartender
continued.
“I do have to clean up after the boys… a lot,” Saeko sighed.
“Not that much,” Nanba grumbled.
“Yes. That much.”
The bartender chuckled. “I’ll be back in the morning. Please don’t touch what’s on my shelf,” he
added, giving Nanba a look. “Or pay for it if you do.” He then put on his jacket and stepped out,
closing the door behind him.
Nanba coughed awkwardly. “Uh… guess he found out…” he muttered.
Outside, the bartender turned out of the Bar District to head home.
From another street, Kiryu, Hanawa, and Taichi entered the Bar District, heading towards Survive.
“Is this the place?” Kiryu asked.
“Yeah. It’s where Kasuga and Haruka have been hiding out,” Hanawa said.
“Funny. I’ve been here before. After you got taken by the Omi Alliance.”
“Oh, well, it’s a good thing the circumstances aren’t as dire,” Hanawa replied sarcastically.
Kiryu opened the door and stepped inside, followed closely by Hanawa and Taichi. Saeko didn’t
look up. “Sorry. Place is closed,” she said, before finally glancing at the door. “Oh! Kiryu-san!”
Sae’s eyes widened. She turned to the door. Her eyes settled on Hanawa. “Tch. Hanawa…”
Hanawa held a hand up. “Relax, Niijima. We’re not here to call on any favors.”
“Oh, right…” Kasuga said, putting a finger to his chin. “You did say the Daidoji are the ones who
got you your job back… Does that mean you know Kiryu-san?”
“I’m a free agent,” Sae replied. “I don’t know many in the Daidoji aside from Hanawa, who was
my point of contact.”
“Did you keep any files on us?” Hanawa asked.

“What kind of question is that? Of course I gathered what leverage I could.”
Hanawa grinned and pointed at her. “Good! Love that energy! Keep it up.”
Sae stared. “…What.”
“Uh, thing is… we’re all sort of ‘free agents’ right now,” Kiryu muttered. “Or, at least, we’re not
exactly well-liked by the Faction. We might need the leverage later.”
Yagami tilted his head. “What happened?”
Kiryu debated internally how much he could tell the detective. If he told him Soma had taken
control of the Faction, he would likely demand to go after him… and tell Haruka as well. And
despite Taichi’s insistence, Kiryu couldn’t help but worry what Haruka would do if she learned her
husband’s killer was still out there. “…A hostile faction within the Faction has taken control of the
operation,” he said finally. Not technically a lie. Not the full truth either. “It seems as though you all
are safe, for right now, though. This appears to be a ‘me and Hanawa’ problem. Still, we need to
catch Haruka up to speed. Where is she?”
As if on cue, Haruka came down the stairs. “Oh? Uncle Kaz.” Then, with a frown: “…and
Hanawa.”
Taichi smiled and waved. “I’m here, too!”
Kiryu sighed. “Haruka… do you have a minute? We need to catch you up to speed. Actually, you
all should probably hear this.”
***
A few moments of explanation later, and everyone was caught up to speed. Haruka crossed her
arms. “So, you and Hanawa-san are fugitives from the Daidoji Faction…”
Hanawa nodded. “That’s the long and short of it. We can’t guarantee that they won’t come after you
all, either. Although… I doubt it. The particular asshole in charge now has a specific beef with
Kiryu and I.”
“So, this ‘Agent Viper’,” Yagami mused. “Who is he, exactly?”
“He’s a prick,” Sugiura said from the corner of the room. "That's all you really need to know.”
Yagami turned to Sugiura. “…Is there something you’re not telling me, Sugiura?”
Sugiura shook his head. “The guy’s just some Daidoji asshole,” he lied. “He threatened all four of
us—me, Taichi, Hanawa, and Kiryu-san—back in Osaka. So, as payback, we made him look like
an ass in front of his bosses.”
“Evidently, it backfired,” Hanawa muttered bitterly. “I’m such a fool… all I’ve done since Okinawa
is make matters worse.”
Kasuga laughed. “Heh. We all share the blame for that, Hanawa-san. Don’t beat yourself up too
hard!”
Haruka tilted her head. “…I don’t.”

Kasuga replied with a sigh and rubbed the back of his neck. “Man, I’m just trying to make him feel
better…”
“By making the rest of us look dumb?” Adachi asked with a smirk.
“Well, when you put it like that…!”
Hanawa sighed. “In any case… any discussion of the future of Kiryu’s… employment will have to
wait until the present situation is dealt with. I’m sorry.”
Kiryu crossed his arms. “…Do you suppose Viper killed Yoshimura?”
Hanawa shook his head. “I doubt it. Yoshimura was in the field, last I checked. And it won’t be
long until he figures out what happened. I’m guessing he’ll be staying away from the temple for a
while. Hell, he’s probably avoiding our usual safe houses as well. He’s three steps ahead of
everyone else, at all times.”
Taichi crossed his arms. “And yet, you believed you could kill him,” he said dryly.
“I didn’t say it would be easy,” Hanawa retorted.
Nanba groaned. “Damn… so Yamamoto’s coming at us from one angle… and this Viper asshole
coming down on us from another…”
Zhao nodded. “Not gonna lie, this feels kind of unfair,” he said with a dry chuckle.
Kasuga shrugged with a grin. “Eh. We’ll think of somethin’.”
Sae slowly looked up from her drink to glare at Kasuga. “…How can you say that?”
Kasuga tilted his head. “Huh?”
“We are… totally and completely screwed, Ichiban Kasuga,” she said bitterly. “Tokyo’s new fascist
darling is after us. The deep state is after us. Public opinion is against all of you, and probably me,
too, once Yamamoto announces his top two prosecutors are fugitives.” She shook her head. “I
mean, we’re just… screwed! And the only people who are bothering to stand up against it are,
what, a couple of yakuza, a disgraced lawyer, an idol with a murder charge, and all of their drinking
buddies? We're totally boxed in. I can’t see a way out.”
Kasuga sighed. “Yeah… you’re right about one thing. The odds are definitely against us. We are
screwed. Fucked, with a capital ‘f’.” He smiled and stood up. “But hey, I’ve been at rock bottom
before.” He gestured around the room, starting with Haruka. “And so has Haruka-chan. And Kiryusan. And I bet Yagami-san has too.” He looked over at his friends. “They all have been, too. But
they didn’t let it stop them. If we all gave up back then… we wouldn’t be standing here right now.”
He shrugged. “I don’t know what the solution is, here. But I’ll tell you what it’s not. Sitting around
here and feelin’ sorry for ourselves. We’ll figure this out. We always do. When you hit game over,
that’s not the end. You pop another coin in, and keep on pushing, until you’re snatching victory
from the jaws of defeat.” With a triumphant nod, he turned and walked to the door.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Sae asked.

“I do my best thinking when I’m out on the town,” he answered. “I’ll be back later. Once I’ve had
the time to kick this problem around my noggin a bit.” With that, he opened the door, gave them a
thumbs up, and stepped out, shutting the door behind him.
“…He is… delusional,” Sae muttered.
“You ever stop looking down on people from that ivory tower of yours?” Saeko retorted with a
glare. “What was that you said on the phone about ‘taking a gamble’? Where’s that energy?”
Sae returned the glare. “Excuse me? How dare you—!”
“Save it,” Saeko scoffed. “I forgot, you’re used to bureaucrats fixing your messes for you.” She
stood up from her stool, wobbling slightly from the alcohol, and tossed the key to Yagami, who
caught it midair. “If you’ll excuse me, I’m going to go help my friend find a solution to this mess.
He’s gotta have somebody in his corner.”
“Well, hey, hold up,” Nanba said as he and Adachi stepped forward. “Count us in.”
In the corner of the room, silent up to this point, Chihiro spoke up. “Your friend is going to get
himself killed,” she muttered. “Why would you… go along with that?”
Adachi smirked. “Somebody’s gotta drag him out of his messes. Might as well be us.”
With that, Saeko, Nanba, and Adachi walked to the door and stepped out to follow Kasuga. Sae
watched them leave, her eyes narrowing.
“You know…” Yagami spoke up, drawing her attention, “…Kasuga’s right. I can’t speak for
anyone else in this room… but I know what rock bottom’s like.” His mind flashed back to the
murder of Emi Terasawa. To the murder of Yoko Sawa. Her tear-streaked cheeks as she lie
helplessly on her own floor. His two greatest failures… and the two times he could say were his
personal rock bottom. “…No matter how bad things seem, though… We can't give up. Not like I
did with Shinpei Okubo. Not now. Not ever again.”
He stood up. “Kaito-san. Sugiura. Let’s meet up with Tsukumo and Amasawa, see what we can
figure out.”
“If it’s not too much trouble,” Kiryu cut in, “please don’t mention I’m here to Akiyama. For right
now, anyway, the less people know I’m alive, the less people the Daidoji can target, the better.”
Yagami nodded. “Alright, Kiryu. For now, I’ll keep your secret.” He smirked. “But don’t expect
things to stay that way. I’ll expose you, yet. Once it’s safe for everyone else, anyway.”
Despite himself, Kiryu let loose a small smirk. “Hmph. I’d expect nothing less, detective.”
Yagami turned to Kaito, who nodded. “Let’s roll, Tak.”
With that, the trio stepped out. Seonhee, Joongi, and Zhao all approached Haruka. “Well, that just
leaves us with you, I think,” Seonhee said with a chuckle.
“Well, and moody, over there,” Zhao added, gesturing to Chihiro. “Did you get all the positivity
genes, or is this a nurture vs. nature-type deal?”
Kiryu glanced at Chihiro. “…Chihiro.”

Chihiro’s fingers tightened. “What.”
Kiryu nodded his head towards the door. “Come on. Let’s talk.”
“There’s nothing you need to say to me that you can’t say right here,” she replied. “With
witnesses.”
“I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but we’re not exactly acting on Daidoji orders right now,” Hanawa
laughed. “Come on. We’re not gonna whack you.”
Haruka frowned. “…She stays with me.”
Hanawa raised an eyebrow. “Hm?”
“No offense, Hanawa-san… but I don’t trust you.”
“Well, surely you trust Kiryu, don’t you?”
“Why would she trust me?” Kiryu asked flatly. “I’ve been faking my death for the last six years.”
“Well, besides that,” Hanawa replied.
“I trust Uncle Kaz,” Haruka said. “And Taichi. You’re the unknown variable, Hanawa-san.”
Hanawa sighed. “Fair enough.” Rubbing the back of his neck, he added “God… I need a smoke.
I’m gonna step out.”
Kiryu nodded. “I’ll be here.”
With that, Hanawa stepped out, placing a cigarette between his lips and lighting it. “God… what a
mess…”

Chapter 101: Niijima's Requests
Chapter Notes

What took me so long on this one? Well, between now and the previous chapter, Yakuza
Kiwami 3 came out, so... that was a big part of it. I've been playing that.
I was also writing during that time of course, got some fun substories coming up as we head
into the finale.

Kasuga, Nanba, Adachi, and Saeko wandered the streets of Ijincho’s Commercial District, the old
crew back together once more doing what they do best; stumbling ass-first into solutions.
Even Kasuga had to admit, though, that so far, they were just stumbling. Usually there was some
clear way forward. Today, though, they were merely spitballing ideas. Adachi suggested
discrediting Yamamoto publicly. Nanba believed they could blackmail him with his yakuza past.
Saeko just wanted to kick his ass.
All were fine ideas, but alone? They wouldn’t cut it. Just as Kasuga was wracking his brain looking
for the best way to combine all three approaches, his eyes drifted to the window of the local pawn
shop. “Oh, yeah, Benten Pawn…” he muttered to himself. “I wonder how Gomi-san is doing.”

His eyes drifted further. Sitting in the window, placed up on a pedestal, was a video game console.
“Holy shit… is that a SEGA Saturn?” Kasuga asked nobody in particular. “I haven’t seen one of
those since I went to prison.”
“Oh yeah… they actually left the console business not long after you got put away, I think,” Saeko
mused. “The Saturn ended up being one of their last consoles. You don’t really see those around
anymore, I guess. I’ve still got a Dreamcast at home from when I was a kid, but no Saturn.”
Kasuga frowned. “Really? That’s too bad.” Next to the console sat a game case.

Kasuga’s eyes widened. “Yo. Is that what I think it is?!”
Saeko tilted her head and raised an eyebrow. “Uh… what is it?”
Kasuga approached the glass, nearly pressing his face up against it. “Panzer Dragoon Saga. This
game was the shit.”
“I thought Dragon Quest was ‘the shit’,” Nanba reminded him.
Kasuga nodded. “Well, yeah, obviously, but this game is definitely up there, too. I related to the
story, like, so much. It’s about, like, a mercenary who gets shot and left for dead after his employers
throw him under the bus. He gets saved by like, a dragon, and goes on this epic quest to get revenge
on the guy that shot him, and it ends up escalating from there.
“The only thing is, I was already in the Tojo Clan by the time the Saturn was out, so I didn’t really
have much time for gaming. I was always watching doors or running messages or booze and crap
like that whenever I would’ve rather been playing. Never even beat the game.”
Putting a finger to his chin with a slight smirk, he added “But hey, if the game’s right here, maybe
I’ll step in and… holy crap what is that price tag?!”

The game was ¥100,000.
Saeko hissed. “Ouch. Guess it never got reprinted.”
Kasuga’s brow furrowed, his eyes wide with shock. “How the hell can a video game even cost that
much?!”
“This is pretty extreme,” Adachi conceded, “but not unheard of. Old video games and movies that
didn’t sell too well at their initial release often never got reissued, meaning copies are limited.
There’s a whole resale market built around rarities like this.”
Kasuga slumped forward. “Man… no way am I dropping a hundred thousand on a video game…
Whatever, let’s just… move on…”
And so they did, wandering Ijincho until Kasuga’s phone rang. “Niijima-san,” he muttered as he
glanced at his screen. Swiping right to answer, he held the phone to his ear. “Y’ello.”
“Kasuga,” Sae greeted. “Are you still in Yokohama?”
“Yeah, not like I have anywhere else to be. What’s up?”
“Could you meet me at Benten Pawn, in the Commercial District?” she asked.
“Huh? Uhh, why?”
Sae sighed. “While I’m trapped here, I figured I may as well make myself useful. Over the years,
some small-time criminals I indicted managed to escape prosecution fleeing Tokyo. I have reason
to believe a good deal of them came to Ijincho. And… It seems Benten Pawn has just been hit by
one of them. The M.O. matches, at least.”
Kasuga’s grip on his phone tightened, and his heart sank. “Is Gomi-san okay?”
“Yes, he wasn’t hurt. Physically, at least. His pride was… severely wounded.”
Suddenly, Kasuga heard a voice in the call background: “MotherFUCKER!”
Sae audibly winced. “Ugh… Can you get over here as soon as possible?”
Kasuga nodded. “Yeah. We’re on our way.”
The party ran to Benten Pawn, where Sae was waiting. She stood across the street as Kanagawa
Police interviewed Gomi. Shards of glass littered the street, and the window had been broken from
the outside.
“So you didn’t get a good look at the guy?” the officer asked, to which Gomi regretfully shook his
head.
“No. I had my back turned for one second. I heard the glass break. I turned around, and the stuff
was gone!”
The officer wrote this down on his notepad. “And… you don’t have CCTV, or anything like that?”
“The hell would I need a thing like that for?!” Gomi snapped. “This is a safe neighborhood.”

It… is not, Kasuga thought, but did not say.
The officer sighed. “Then I’m sorry, but… we may not be able to help you. Without even a
description to go on, our available leads are… basically nonexistent. We’ll keep interviewing
neighbors, try and see if we can get a description, but… if nobody saw anything, you might be out
of luck. I’m sorry.” He bowed. “You have a nice rest of your day, sir.”
With that, the police left, leaving a rather annoyed Gomi to tend shop himself.
“A smash and grab, huh?” Kasuga asked, to which Sae nodded.
“It seems that way, yes,” she muttered.
“You said it matches up with a crime you saw before, back in Tokyo?” Kasuga said. “What about it
makes you say that?”
“It’s what was stolen that intrigues me,” Sae explained.
“Hm?” Kasuga turned to Gomi. “Yo, Gomi-san!”
Gomi looked up. “Oh, Kasuga. Sorry, but the shop’s closed for the day. We were robbed.”
Kasuga nodded. “I can see that. You mind telling me what was taken?”
Gomi sighed. “You know, I’m actually fortunate they didn’t take anything else. Seems they were
only after one thing. An old game console I kept in the window there, and a video game.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “Wait… they took the Saturn?!”
Gomi nodded. “Yeah. I didn’t particularly need it… I looked online and saw that the two things
together were about ¥100,000. Thought that was ridiculous, but hey, if somebody’s willing to pay
that much, I may as well display it.” He sighed again. “Guess I shoulda locked it up.”
Kasuga groaned. “Damn… I was gonna save up some cash to buy that, too.”
“I thought you said you weren’t dropping that much cash on a video game,” Saeko cut in with a
smirk.
“Well… yeah, not all at once!” He shrugged. “I was gonna, you know, be responsible about it. Fill
up a jar with change, or something.”
“Well, tell you what,” Gomi said with a resigned sigh. “There’s a reward in it for ya if you can get
it back. Not getting my hopes up, though…” He shrugged, and stepped back inside the shop.
“I’m sure you’ve guessed already,” Sae said, “that I’ve dealt with this before. Let’s head back to
Survive, and we can discuss it further there. My contact should be there by now.”
Kasuga tilted his head. “Contact? Like, somebody from the Ministry?”
Sae shook her head. “Somebody a bit… closer to the underworld.”
Adachi smirked. “O-ho! Sae Niijima’s got gray zone clout! Man, I gotta see this.”

***
And so, the party returned to Survive. It seemed to be empty, save the bartender and a bespectacled
young woman sitting in a window booth with long red hair—dyed, obviously—typing away at a
gaming laptop, its numerous LED lights illuminating that part of the room. She glanced up,
smirked, and waved as she pulled her headphones from her ears, allowing them to rest on her neck.
“Yo, Niijima-san! I got everything set up for you!” She stood up and approached the party, hands
behind her back. “Whoooaaa, is this Mister Dragon Quest Brainrot himself?” With a sideways grin,
she held a hand out. “Nice to meetcha! Big fan of your work. You look like exactly the type of guy
who grinds slimes for fun.”
Kasuga stammered. “O-oh. Thanks?” What is “brainrot”? Is it contagious? he thought as he shook
her hand.
“Kasuga, meet Futaba Sakura,” Sae introduced. “She’s a white hat hacker I sometimes rely on
for… less conventional investigation. She’s the one who got me into the Yokohama metro’s CCTV
systems. Haruka’s phone, too.”
Futaba gave a thumbs up. “Guilty as charged! Unless you’re actually charging me, that is. In which
case, I’m exercising my right to remain silent.”
“She didn’t used to be this outgoing,” Sae commented. “Heh. Sounds like my sister and her friends
really did change you for the better.”
Futaba nodded. “Don’t get me wrong. I’m still a mess in crowds.” She shuddered. “Ugggh. But I’m
okay in casual settings with small groups now. That’s gotta be worth a trophy or two.”
Kasuga blinked. “…Trophy? Like, what they give out for marathons and… stuff?”
Futaba cleared her throat. “Ahem! Anyway! Enough about my character arc. Take a look at this!”
She flipped her laptop around to reveal what she had been working on. “Ta-daa~! I present to you:
Niijima’s Requests!”
Sae frowned. “We’ll workshop the name.”
“Too late! I already compiled the app.”
Kasuga put a finger to his chin and leaned in. “An app, eh?” At first glance, it appeared to be some
sort of bounty board, with UI not dissimilar to Part-Time Hero, which Kasuga had a good deal of
experience with. On the left hand side were a list of names that could be clicked in and out of; on
the right was a tab describing the currently selected individual, with a candid photograph, a bounty
amount in yen, a one to five star “threat level”, a short, descriptive bio, and their location.
Sae stared at the page. “…What is that?” she asked.
Futaba frowned. “Whaddya mean? It’s the app you asked me to put together.”
“No… that.” Sae pointed to a small, cutely designed chibi drawing of herself, wearing a gambler’s
dress, a flapper hat, fishnet stockings, and a black choker. Her eyes glowed yellow, and she had a
cigarette holder in her left hand with a self-satisfied smirk on her face.

Futaba glanced at the image, then back at Sae. “That’s you.”

“That is not me.”
“It’s an artist’s rendering of you.”
“Remove it!”
Futaba shrugged. “Like I said, the app’s already been pushed! Oh, that reminds me! Ichiban, check
your phone!”
Kasuga glanced down at his phone. A new icon—that of Futaba’s app—sat on the Home Screen.
“Huh? How did you…?”
“White hat hacker genius, remember?” Futaba said with a smug, gremlin-like grin. “You really
oughta consider leveling up your device security! Mwehehe!” Turning to Sae, she added “I’ve also
sent the app to Haruka, Yagami, and Joryu.”
Kasuga furrowed his brow. “So… what is all of this, exactly? Some kinda… bounty board?”
Sae shook her head. “These aren’t bounties. As I mentioned before, during both of my tenures with
the Ministry of Justice, I had multiple small time criminals evade prosecution by fleeing to other
prefectures. In the past, once they were out of my jurisdiction, there wasn’t really anything I could
do. Especially in the case of the good deal who fled to Ijincho; due to the… unique political
situation here with the Seiryu Clan, the Liumang, and the Geomijul, Kanagawa police were, in a
word, uncooperative when it came to extradition.
“Technically, and legally, I still can’t do anything now,” Sae admitted. “But if these individuals
were to voluntarily turn themselves in, I could see to it that they get fair trials, prosecuted by people
I can still trust within the Ministry.”
“Ahh, I see what you’re gettin’ at,” Kasuga affirmed with a nod. “You want us to go talk to these
guys, see if we can get them to come in willingly, right?”
Sae nodded. “If nothing else, I at least want to be able to say we tried so we can close these cases.
There’s even a cash reward in it for you if you can help with this.”
Adachi scratched his head. “Uhhh… wait, if you’re paying us, isn’t that just a bounty?”
Sae’s eyes narrowed. “It is not a bounty. It is a release of Ministry funds for information leading to
the arrest of wanted fugitives.”
Saeko tilted her head. “That… sounds like a bounty to me.”
“It’s a gamified community reform incentive,” Futaba offered.
“…So, a bounty,” Nanba replied.
Futaba smiled and nodded. “Yup!”
“It isn’t a bounty!” Sae insisted. “Look, the point is, I think one of these guys is the one that hit
Benten Pawn. Take a look at this one. ‘Eight Bit Takeshi’. Full name, Takeshi Kurosawa. He used
to run a resale racket in Kamurocho. He would scam people out of, or, failing that, steal physical
copies of old video games, especially ones that were harder to find. He’d then resell the games at
an inflated price, usually to its original owner.”

Kasuga scowled. “Man… that’s so shitty.”
“Tell me about it,” Futaba growled. “Hoarding physical copies of beloved video games, and then
scalping them on the Internet is downright evil! You know what the worst part is? Oftentimes, the
scarcity is enforced by the companies that make the games, so they can do ‘limited runs’ down the
line. That’s why I’m a proponent of emulation.” Noticing Sae’s raised eyebrow and pointed stare,
she added “Uh, legal emulation, of course, using dumped ROMs from legally purchased copies.”
Sae shook her head. “Anyway… Takeshi fled Tokyo after being caught during a sting operation. He
sold a stolen copy of Knuckles’ Chaotix for the SEGA 32X to an undercover officer. There have
been a string of thefts in Yokohama recently, and in every instance, high value physical media was
targeted. No jewelry. No cash. Just cartridges and discs. Fits his modus operandi to a tee.
“Kasuga… I hate to ask, but… Do you think you could look into this guy for me? Just… be careful.
He’s known to escalate when cornered.”
Kasuga smiled and nodded. “Sure thing, Niijima-san. I’m on it.” Turning to his party with a grin,
he said “Guys… let’s get out there!”

Chapter 102: Hunting Chaos
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Before Kasuga and his friends departed Survive, Futaba went ahead and searched Chatter
Marketplace for SEGA hardware and video games; sure enough, a listing had been placed for
Panzer Dragoon Saga mere minutes after the break-in. “¥500,000!” she had exclaimed in disbelief
upon reading the listing. “Argh! This guy is the lowest of the low!”
“I dunno about that,” Kasuga chuckled. “Ijincho’s got a pretty wide variety of scumbags. Flipping
stolen merchandise is just scratching the surface, I’m afraid.”
Futaba sighed. “Anyway… I sent the guy a DM. He wants to do this in person. Cash only. Figured
as much; online payments can be traced. Luckily, that gives you the perfect opportunity to confront
him. He’ll be waiting at Hamakita Park.”
Kasuga smirked. “Alright then. I’m gonna head out and have a little chat with this guy.”
And so Kasuga and his party headed north to Hamakita Park for what was sure to be the scariest
“little chat” this small-time scammer ever had.

“Say, Sa-chan…” Adachi said with a smirk as the party left Survive. “…Who’s winnin’?”
Saeko’s brow furrowed. “Winning?”
“Yeah, you know… between Haruka-chan and our beloved idiot Kasuga here?”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “Wh- ADACHI-SAN?! We don’t have to talk about that right now, dude!”
“I’m curious!” Adachi replied. “It’s just, you know… both of them kinda screwed up, big time.” He
chuckled. “Hehe. But Kasuga? BOY did he blow it.”
“Who’s side are you on, anyway?!” Kasuga asked with a glare.
“I’m not a prize to be ‘won’,” Saeko scoffed.
“I’m gonna come out and say it,” Nanba cut in. “Haruka-chan’s winning.”
Kasuga groaned. “Nanba…”
“I just call it like I see it.”

Adachi nodded. “See, I was thinking that too, buuuuut…”
Kasuga glanced at Adachi hopefully. “But?”
“Well, she did kinda give Niijima the third degree when she insulted you,” Adachi pointed out.
“That’s something. Sure, maybe it was pity… Okay, it was definitely pity.”
“It definitely wasn’t,” Saeko said. “You’re all grown men! I’m not pitying your sorry asses on
anything!”
“Yeah, I don’t think it was exactly pity,” Nanba chuckled. “Actually, I think she yelled at the
prosecutor because it was like looking in a mirror.”
Saeko paused. “…What.”
“Yeah, like, you know. She’s high strung. You’re kinda high strung. She’s intense, you can be pretty
damn intense. She’s got a stick up her… Uh, why are you looking at me like that?” He swallowed.
“H-hey, uh, forget I said anything.”
“No. Continue,” Saeko said with a glare, her tone lowering dangerously.
Nanba’s eyes widened behind his glasses. “U-uh, I… mean… you’re both strong, and, uh…
opinionated! I-in a good way!”
“Go on. I’m fascinated. Tell me,” Saeko continued, her eyes narrowing, “how else am I like Sae
Niijima. …Well? Speak!”
“Sheesh, you even sound like her…” Adachi muttered.
“Can we PLEASE talk about something else?” Kasuga begged. “Especially since, uh, you know,
Haruka-chan isn’t even here to defend herself!”
“Haruka-chan doesn’t need defending,” the other three said at once.
Kasuga groaned. “Why is everyone ganging up on me today?!”
Eventually, the party arrived at the park. An annoyed-looking punk stood by the Tokyo Bay,
slightly winded, hand clutching his ribs with a pained expression. “Tch… the nerve of that
asshole.”
Kasuga approached him. “Yo. You the guy sellin’ that game?”
The punk looked over at him, then scoffed. “Shop’s closed. Get lost.”
Kasuga crossed his arms. “Yeah… Not happenin’.”
The punk’s eyes narrowed. “‘Scuse me?”
Kasuga pointed. “See, that stuff you ripped off belongs to someone. I’m here to get it back. Just
hand it over and I’ll be on my way.”
The punk growled. “What are you, a cop? I said get lost.”

“Don’t be an asshole, man.”
“Screw you, dude! You know how much cash this shit sells for? I’ll kick your ass!”
With a sigh, Kasuga reluctantly squared up. “Why does it always have to be like this?”

If this was the legendary Eight Bit Takeshi, Kasuga was shocked at how weak he was. He’d have
thought a guy who evaded capture for this long would’ve been jacked, but this sadly was not the
case. The punk transformed, threw some lame-ass punches, Kasuga retaliated with a bat swing,
Saeko wailed on him with her handbag, Nanba chugged a bottle of liquor and blew flames onto
him, and Adachi finished him off with a swing of his baton. Easy.
With the punk on the ground, Kasuga made a few calls, and soon the police and Sae were both on
the scene. “Did you get him?” she asked.
Kasuga nodded. “Yeah. Guy wasn’t shit.” He glared at the punk as officers pulled him up off the
ground. “You ready to hand the game back over, now, Takeshi?”
The punk blinked. “Who the fuck is Takeshi?”
Kasuga stared. “That’s… you, right?”
He shook his head. “Hell no! The name’s Inoue.”
Kasuga blinked and turned to Sae, who sighed. “I really don’t know what to tell you, Kasuga.
That’s not Eight Bit Takeshi.”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “The hell? But, hold up, you are the guy who broke into Benten Pawn
and stole the video game, right?”
The punk struggled in the officers’ grip. “Tch! You can’t prove shit, man! And even if you could, I
don’t even have the goods anymore. Some dork-ass otaku wearing idol merch came at me and
shook me down for everything I had.”
Kasuga tilted his head. “An… otaku?”
Sae approached the punk. “Where did he go?”
He spat at her; she took a step back to avoid saliva. “I ain’t talkin’ to the fuzz.”

Sae simply crossed her arms. “That’s a shame. After all, I was thinking you might get a lighter
sentence, since you’re not affiliated with any groups. But, if you don’t want to cooperate, well…
there’s no telling how long the judges will put you away for.”
The punk swallowed. “H-hey, listen, I don’t know the guy, I swear. But…”
Sae’s eyes narrowed. “But? Speak up.”
“Well, it’s just… the guy that assaulted me looked like he was headed east. Towards that fancy-ass
hotel over there.”
Sae smiled slightly and tilted her head. “See? Was that so hard?”
“Tch…”
Sae turned to Kasuga. “Alright. Well, you know where your next clue is. It seems the stolen
merchandise is at the Grande Blu Marino”
Kasuga nodded uneasily. “R-right. …Y-you know, Niijima-san, you’re kinda scary sometimes.”
Sae tilted her head. “Only sometimes? I must be losing my edge.”
And so, Kasuga and party crossed the road and walked over to the Grande Blu Marino, then
strolled into the courtyard, where Kamulop—a Kamurocho-themed rabbit mascot—usually hung
out.
Actually, this “mascot” was an ex-Tojo Clan yakuza who had taken to hiding inside the costume
out of fear for his life after the Omi Alliance took over Tokyo several years prior. As such, his
connections ran deep.
The costume had started as a disguise.
At this point, though, it was more of a lifestyle.
“Hm? Ah, Kasuga-san!” he greeted as the party approached.
“Yo… Kamulop.” Kasuga groaned. “Hey, can we talk face to face? This mascot shit ain’t doin’ it
for me. The Omi are gone.”
Kamulop shook his oversized head and crossed his “ears”—actually his arms inside the costume.
“No way, man. You see what that psycho Yamamoto’s up to? Bleach Japan’s rounding up guys like
me. I’m not taking any chances. This suits me just fine. In fact, I was thinking about leaving Japan.
Got a guy in Hawaii who says he can set me up with a pretty sweet gig handing out fortunes at a
shrine in Honolulu.”
“That sounds awful,” Kasuga replied. “Also… are you planning to wear that costume through
customs?”
“There’s no laws against it.”
“Right… Anyway, I’m lookin’ for someone. You see an otaku come by here? Should’ve been
wearing idol merch or something like that.”

Kamulop nodded. “Yeah, I saw someone like that. Ran through clutching some shit to his chest like
it was his lifeline. I think he was headed to the third floor.”
Kasuga nodded. “Thanks, man.”
“And remember: You didn’t see me.”
Kasuga sighed. “You’re a six foot rabbit, dude… You’re kinda hard to miss.”
And so, he and the party moved towards the stairs, making their way up to the third floor. As they
walked through the hall, Kasuga nearly bumped into a scowling man with sunglasses and slicked
back hair. “Oh, sorry,” he said as he stepped aside. “After you.”
The man scoffed, adjusted his tight grip on his briefcase, and continued marching toward the stairs.
He had a Seiryu Clan pin on his lapel.
Kasuga’s eyes settled on the pin. Yakuza… he thought. Wonder what his business here is. Whatever
it was, though, was none of his business, so he continued down the hall until he saw an open room.
A skinny man with a headband, a very large backpack with glowsticks sticking out of it, and
glasses knelt in the center of the room, which looked like it had been ransacked; shattered glass lay
on the floor, several display cases had been destroyed, and a computer sat on a desk against the
back wall, smashed to bits. “That… monster…” the man sighed, despondent, his fingers tightening
into fists over his gloved hands.
Kasuga’s eyes settled on the man’s shirt, a black t-shirt that read “ARE YOU READY? GO!
SAWAMURA HARUKA”, along with a monochrome pink image of Haruka in an idol dress.
Kasuga stared at the shirt. “…Huh.”
“It was supposed to be preserved…”
Kasuga’s brow furrowed. “Hey, uh…”
The otaku’s head shot up to Kasuga, his eyes narrowing. “What? Come to take what little dignity I
have left?”
Kasuga held a placating hand up. “Whoa, hold up, it’s not like that.”
The otaku grimaced. “You look like yakuza… you’re with him, aren’t you?”
Kasuga shook his head. “Wait, you got me all wrong.”
The otaku stood up, reaching for something in his back pocket. “You’re not getting anything else
out of me… so leave me alone!” With frightening speed, he pulled a switchblade out of his pocket
and swung at Kasuga.
Saeko’s eyes widened; she quickly moved him out of the way, causing the blade to graze her
shoulder, cutting her sleeve and leaving a long but shallow gash that began to bleed. “Agh!”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “S-Sa-chan!” he exclaimed as he examined her arm. “Are you alright?!”

Saeko grimaced. “Tch. I’m fine. This asshole, though… ruined my dress.”
Kasuga glared at the otaku, who stood combat-ready, knife in hand. “Looks like talkin’ this out
isn’t an option…” he said, his tone dropping dangerously. “Alright, dude. You asked for it.”

The otaku transformed, now dual wielding blades that glowed in the dark. He ran at Kasuga,
slashing him several times with the blades. Kasuga retaliated with a grand swing of his bat,
knocking the otaku down. Saeko added a sharp punt to that. As the otaku stood up, she swung her
handbag in a wide arc, sending him flying backwards into what remained of his desk, destroying it.
Nanba swung his umbrella at the guy, and Adachi followed this up by placing him under citizens’
arrest, grabbing him and shoving his face onto the ground. “Stay down, dirtbag,” he growled as he
confiscated the switchblade and passed it to Kasuga.
Sae and the police arrived shortly after. Rather than directly confront the criminal, however, Sae
immediately moved to Saeko. “Mukoda,” she said. “They told me you’re hurt.”
Saeko, a tad surprised, shook her head. “Huh? O-oh, no. I’m fine.”
Sae nodded, though the serious look on her face remained. “These scumbags aren’t worth your life.
I know it’s hypocritical of me to say this, since I’m the one who asked you all to do this, but don’t
take any unnecessary risks. Please.”
Kasuga crossed his arms. “Heh. Respectfully, Niijima-san, we’re kind of incapable of staying out of
trouble. These things happen sometimes.”
With a smile, Saeko nodded. “Yeah. We know what we’re getting into.”
Sae seemed surprised. “But… I see.” Turning to the otaku with disgust in her eyes, she stepped
toward him and growled, “You were ready to kill these people over some video games? You really
are scum. But you’re not Eight Bit Takeshi. So start talking. What exactly is your game? Are you
one of his lackeys?”
The otaku glared at Kasuga and friends with disdain. “They’re not people. They’re the real scum!
LARPing as true fans of the craft… You all make me sick.”
Sae’s eyes narrowed. “Excuse me?”
“Some bottom feeders don’t deserve to feast their eyes on true art!” the otaku exclaimed. “They
don’t want to experience these masterpieces… they just want to play them. Ruin the packaging.

Destroy the disc! I aim to preserve the art. Encase it. Make sure only those who are worthy can
interact with it, from afar!
“When I saw that some ingrate was selling Panzer Dragoon Saga on the internet, as if it were a
product, I knew I had to act. And now that… brute has it.”
Sae raised an eyebrow. “What brute?”
“The yakuza, right?” Kasuga asked. “That Seiryu Clan guy we walked past in the hall… He came
and took the game from you, right?”
The otaku nodded. “That’s right. If only I had the courage to strike him down… then the game
would be all mine.”
Kasuga glared at him and crossed his arms. “Yeah, and then what? You’d just lock it up and throw
away the key, right? Sorry to tell you, man… that doesn’t make you a fan. It makes you an
asshole.”
The otaku’s eyes blazed with fury. “What?!”
“Video games were meant to be played,” Kasuga declared with an accusatory finger. “They’re
meant to entertain… to make people happy. They’re not for you to seal away, to hoard forever.
That’s not what they were made for. And if you can’t understand that… you don’t deserve to call
yourself a fan.”
Adachi stared at Kasuga. “Kasuga… it’s a video game. Calm down.”
The otaku scoffed. “Tch. You peasants are all the same!”
“Not another word out of you!” the officer handling him grumbled as he handcuffed him. “Off to
the slammer with you.”
And so, the otaku was escorted out… and the party still didn’t have the game. “Damn… all that for
nothin’,” he sighed.
Sae appeared deep in thought. She pulled out her phone and made a call. It rang only twice. “Yo.”
“Sakura,” Sae greeted. “I have reason to believe Eight Bit Takeshi is affiliated with the Seiryu Clan,
now. Do you think you could look into whether they have any properties in Yokohama that could
be used for long term storage of valuables?”
Futaba clicked her tongue. “Lemme see… Oh! Jackpot! According to prefectural property records,
there’s a small warehouse in Sumaru-ku registered to the organization. It’s on the bay, not far from
Ijincho. Sending the address now.”
Sae nodded. “Thank you.” She hung up the call, and turned to the party. “Well then… Up for one
last goose chase?”
***
The party, with Sae in tow, approached the Seiryu Clan warehouse; members of the organization
milled about the entrance smoking cigarettes. One took a deep drag and exhaled with a groan.

“Man, fuck Takeshi…” he grumbled. “I didn’t do ten years for this family just to end up under
some Tokyo asshole with a resale racket. I’ve got half a mind to go tear Ebina a new one.”
The other yakuza chuckled. “Yeah, good luck with that, man. The captain’s a psycho. He’ll slit your
throat if you so much as look at him wrong.”
The first yakuza shook his head. “You’re joking, right? That guy is the definition of pampered. Plus
that Sawamura girl already made him look like a pussy in front of everyone.”
The other yakuza looked around. “You know how he got his job, right? Thing is… the previous
captain? The one everyone says Sawamura killed?” He leaned in and lowered his voice. “Word is…
Ebina’s actually the one that did it.”
The first yakuza’s eyes widened. “You’re shitting me.”
“Swear to god, man. Swear to god. The rumor goes that he bumped Sano off, then framed
Sawamura for making him look weak at that officer’s meeting back in Shinjuku. And anyway, I
wouldn’t fuck with a guy that’s got that Sawashiro guy behind him. I’ve heard stories about the shit
he did back when he was in the Omi Alliance. The shit he did to his own men when they
disappointed him… It ain’t fuckin’ pretty.”
The first yakuza swallowed nervously. “Jesus Christ…”
“Yeah. So do us all a favor, keep your head down, keep your mouth shut, and don’t ruin the easiest
money this family’s made in years. Okay?”
“Yeah, yeah, whatever man… Fuck! I never should’ve dropped out of law school.” He flicked his
cigarette away and crushed it under his heel.
Sae crossed her arms as the party watched the yakuza go back into the warehouse. “Eight Bit
Takeshi has a whole crew for this? He ran a solo operation back in Tokyo.”
Kasuga nodded. “Makes sense to me.”
She raised an eyebrow. “Enlighten me.”
Kasuga shrugged and scratched his head. “Back in the Tojo Clan, the guys that made the most
money were the ones that led the biggest crews. We all liked to pretend it was about honor and
hierarchy, but… we were lying to ourselves. Money talks a lot louder than loyalty does. Now, come
on. Let’s go have a little chat with this guy.”
Nanba’s brow furrowed. “Uhhh… are we about to piss off the whole Seiryu Clan?”
Kasuga smirked. “More than we already have? But nah. I don’t think so. Didn’t you hear what
those guys said? This Takeshi guy might make money, but nobody respects him. My guess is this
family’s maybe five or ten guys at most, and the rest of the Seiryu Clan only cares about the money
they’re earning. Once that money dries up, nobody’s gonna stick their neck out for him.”
“You know, your intimate knowledge of gang structure would be a tremendous asset to the
Ministry, Kasuga,” Sae commented. “You ever think about a career change? Would be a lot more
money in it than contract work.”

Kasuga shook his head. “Heh. Nah. I’m helping all of those ex-yakuza the Dissolution displaced
create better lives for themselves. That’s more important to me than some money. Appreciate the
offer, though.”
Sae nodded. “Hmph. Fair enough. I can respect that. Now, if you don’t mind, I’d like to go in with
you, so I can talk to this guy face to face. It’ll hopefully save you the trouble of fighting him.”
Kasuga chuckled slightly. “Heh. Thinkin’ of joinin’ the party, Niijima-sa—?”
“No,” Sae cut him off flatly. “Absolutely not.”
“…Right. Well, guys, let’s get in there.”
And so, the party (and Sae, who would very much like to remind you was not in the party) crossed
the road and entered the warehouse. Crates upon crates were stacked up to the ceiling throughout
the dimly lit warehouse, and based on the labels stamped on the sides, the crates were being used to
sort products by console. Along one wall were crates labeled “Master System”, “Mega Drive”,
“Dreamcast” among others.
Along another wall, the party read “32X”, “Game Gear”, “Mega-CD”.
Shockingly, a few crates seemed to be storing arcade hardware, from Model I to Model III, to
Naomi, Triforce, and Chihiro. There were even a few crates labeled for non-SEGA consoles,
including many manufactured by a Kyoto-based rival who shall remain unnamed.
“Holy shit…” Kasuga muttered. “This place is a goddamn museum.”
Saeko peered into an open crate. “F-Zero AX,” she murmured, reading a label on one of the arcade
boards—a slab of circuitry once installed inside a massive racing arcade cabinet. The logo of
developer Amusement Vision was engraved on the board itself. “They took this out of arcades
years ago…”
Sae crossed her arms. “Hm. In 2017, Club SEGA Akihabara shipped several trucks of old arcade
hardware, destined for a warehouse in Saitama. While in transit, the convoy was hijacked by
masked assailants. The drivers were tied up, the trucks vanished, and the culprits were never found.
I wonder… if the answers have been sitting in here all this time.”
Kasuga clenched his fists. “These bastards…” He glared at a group of yakuza in the center of the
warehouse, tossing games into a crate labeled “Saturn”. His eyes narrowed on one in particular;
Panzer Dragoon Saga. Time seemed to slow as it fell into the crate. The case struck the others with
a dull plastic crack.
“Hey, hey, hey, careful with that!” the slick-haired yakuza they had passed back at the hotel
exclaimed. “This shit is worth way more in the case. If you fuck up the case… I’m fucking you
up!”
One of the other yakuza—one of the ones from outside—rolled his eyes. “Whatever you say,
boss…”
Sae’s eyes narrowed. “That’s Takeshi. In the sunglasses.

Kasuga nodded. “Then let’s go introduce ourselves. Yo,” he greeted as he and Sae walked up to the
group. “You Takeshi?”
Takeshi’s gaze snapped up, and he narrowed his eyes. “Huh? What’s it to you?”
“Thing is… we heard about your little museum here.” Kasuga said with a low, dark chuckle.
“Funny, though… Usually museums are open to the public.”
Takeshi scowled. “Yeah? Well this one ain’t. Private property, pal. Get lost.” He turned his head
slightly to Sae. “And who the fuck are you?”
Sae crossed her arms. “Sae Niijima. Ministry of Justice, Tokyo District. You’re around six years
late for your court date, Takeshi Kurosawa.”
The room went silent. Takeshi stared at her, then smirked. “Hmph. So, you’re a cop, eh? Come to
bring me in?”
“Yes. And I’d rather not drag you kicking and screaming.”
“Blow me,” Takeshi spat. “You don’t have shit on me.”
One of the yakuza gritted his teeth and stared at what they were about to fight over. Video games.
Was this worth it? "Boss... Just let it go."
Sae glanced around as well. “We’re standing in a warehouse full of evidence. Don’t make this
difficult.”
“I’ve got a better idea,” Takeshi said with a chuckle. “If you’re a prosecutor… I bet you’ve put a
few of our boys away, haven’t you?”
“A few,” Sae admitted with a shrug. “Not many, though. Most of the Seiryu Clan are capable of
behaving themselves, or are at least smart enough not to be caught holding the bag. You seem to be
an exception.”
Takeshi nodded to his boys, who sighed and nodded back. They hesitantly surrounded the party.
“Kill this bitch,” he ordered, jerking his head towards Sae.
“That is an extraordinarily bad idea,” Sae said, seemingly unfazed.
“Well, we tried your way, Niijima-san,” Kasuga said with a grin as he slung his bat over his
shoulders. “But diplomacy only gets ya so far with assholes like this. Now let’s try my way.”
“And don’t damage the merchandise!” Takeshi added as he whipped open a baton.

Chapter End Notes

Here's a fun fact: for SOME reason, many of the renders of Saeko on the Yakuza wiki are
MUCH higher resolution than any of the other characters... Like, more than twice the

resolution. As a result she's ever so slightly clearer in the Party Chat graphic than Nanba and
Adachi are. There were ways to fix this but I couldn't be bothered.

Chapter 103: Perfect Encirclement

Bright flashes of light erupted as everyone transformed. Kasuga, Nanba, Adachi, and Saeko stood
against five Seiryu Clan members as well as Eight Bit Takeshi. Sae Niijima stood alongside the
party in a defensive aikido stance, and the battle commenced. Takeshi moved first, running at Sae
and swinging his baton at her, a move which she saw coming and blocked; she retaliated with a low
right kick and a double palm strike, followed by a right uppercut that launched Takeshi off of his
feet. He landed painfully on the ground, face first, but quickly stood up.
“Oh, shit! The suit’s fighting back!” Adachi cackled.
“As I said last time, this is self defense,” Sae justified.
“You can call it whatever you want,” Kasuga replied with a grin as he slammed his bat down onto a
goon’s head, knocking him out instantly. “I’m gonna keep calling it an ass kicking.”
Saeko ran at another goon and dove into a sliding kick, launching him; Kasuga vaulted over her
into a dropkick, catching the goon midair and sending him crashing into a crate. The crate smashed
open, spilling hundreds of AA batteries onto the floor—roughly enough to power one SEGA Game
Gear for nearly eight full hours, though not consecutively of course.
Nanba pulled a handful of breadcrumbs from his coat pocket and tossed them at the enemies. A
flock of pigeons swooped in through the windows and attacked two more yakuza, who swatted at
them as their skin was painfully pecked. Adachi charged with a roar—“RRRRAAAAARGH!”—
and knocked over those same two yakuza, as well as Takeshi, who all stood in a line.
Takeshi stood back up, though the other two didn’t; this left only himself and one other yakuza,
who ran at Sae with a knife and slashed at her, causing her to bleed. “You little…!” she gasped as
she clutched the wound.
Takeshi attacked Kasuga with a swing of his baton; Kasuga blocked this. Sae then uppercutted the
yakuza who had stabbed her, and followed this up with an inner thigh grab; she tossed him across
the room, knocking him out. Kasuga tossed her a Toughness Z, which she caught in one hand.
“Thank you,” she said gratefully as she chugged the drink, restoring her health.
Saeko swung her handbag at Takeshi, then hit him with a high roundhouse kick, knocking him to
the floor. Nanba finished the job with a downward swing of his umbrella, cracking Takeshi’s ribs

and ending the fight.
“Ngh!” Takeshi grunted as he landed on his ass. He clutched his ribs and glared up at Sae, who
approached him slowly. She looked pissed.
“Are you done?” she asked.
“Tch…” Takeshi glanced around at some of his other men, who stood around. One coughed
awkwardly. “The fuck’re you standing around for? Finish her!”
One of the yakuza sighed and looked away. “Not for nothin’, boss… but nobody here wants to
catch a murder case over some video games.”
Takeshi’s glare hardened. “What?!”
“Yeah,” another yakuza said, shaking his head. “Come on, boss, just hand the merchandise back
over. That’s a prosecutor, man. If we kill her, the police are gonna come down on the entire clan.
And then HQ’s gonna cut our asses loose. It’s not worth it.”
“Tch… cowards…” Takeshi grumbled. “All of you! There’s over a billion yen sitting in this
warehouse, we just have to kill these fuckers and offload it!”
One of the yakuza raised an eyebrow. “…A billion? Hold up. You told us we were doing this for a
million! Just how much money are you making here? Because we ain’t making shit!”
Takeshi realized he screwed up. “Oh. Uh…”
Kasuga crossed his arms. “Sounds like someone’s been skimming.”
Sae tilted her head. “Skimming?”
Kasuga turned to her. “In the yakuza, guys who had side hustles like this had to report their
earnings to the bosses and toss some of it upstairs. It was leadership’s way of keeping the upstarts
in check. My guess is, Takeshi here’s been underrepresenting just how much he’s been selling this
product for, and pocketing the rest. The Seiryu Clan’s not gonna like this.”
The yakuza scoffed. “Psh. Screw this, man. We’re out.”
Takeshi called out for his men, who started to leave the warehouse en masse. “Hey! Where do you
think you’re going! Get back here!”
“It’s over, man,” Kasuga said softly. “Just come quietly.”
“No… no! Why should I?!” Takeshi shouted, struggling to stand. “I’m not lettin’ this operation go
under like my business did!”
Sae tilted her head. “Your business?”
“Yeah!” Takeshi nodded. “My video game company.”
The party froze.
“You made… video games?” Kasuga asked.

Takeshi growled. “Yeah. We were a small studio, based out of Kamurocho at the turn of the
millennium,” he explained. “We banked everything we had on our debut title, a fighting game on
the SEGA Dreamcast. We were gonna be the first ones to let you fight people online, using the
console’s online capabilities. It would’ve revolutionized the industry.”
He sighed. “But then… the Dreamcast flopped,” he continued. “They discontinued the hardware on
us, a week out from release. The game sold like shit. We couldn’t pay our debts. I had to fire
everyone, sell the IP, and dissolve the company. Just like that, because of shit totally out of my
control… my dream had failed.”
He clenched his fists. “Years passed. I struggled to get by, working embarrassing, menial jobs just
to pay rent. Then, one day, I was walking down the street, and happened to pass Ebisu Pawn.
What’d I see sitting in the window?” He jabbed a thumb into his chest. “My game. Fifty thousand
yen price tag on it. Come to find out, there’s a whole online market for that shit. The game that I
didn’t see a single yen for, and a bunch of others like it, hoarded by a select few so they could cash
in on the scarcity. That shit… was eye opening.”
He turned his back to the party to gaze upon the warehouse. “I realized right then and there…
nobody gives a fuck about art, unless it stands to make them a quick buck. I’m thankful for that
experience. Because it showed me just how stupid I was, to think creativity was a virtue. From that
point on… I became a reseller.”
“But you weren’t stupid!” Kasuga protested. “Man… you made something. That’s awesome! So
what if it didn’t work out? You created something, and you put it out into the world.”
“Yeah? And look where it got me,” Takeshi chuckled bitterly. “Nowhere. The world didn’t want
what I was selling.”
“They clearly did,” Kasuga pointed out, “if people were buying it for that high a price. It just took
them a little while to appreciate what you were offering. That’s all. I bet… if you put your mind to
it, you could make something just as cool today, too.”
Takeshi opened his mouth to respond, but Sae cut him off. “Listen, Takeshi… you have to answer
for your crimes.” She crossed her arms. “But once you do that… there’s no reason you can’t start
over. Work your way up from rock bottom.” She glanced at Kasuga and his friends. “…These
people right here… they’ve all been in a similar place. As have I. But they didn’t let that stop them.
You shouldn’t either. You still have a future, as long as you start living honestly.”
Takeshi slowly turned his head to her. “…You really think so?”
Kasuga nodded with a smile. “Yeah. Hell, with online distribution platforms today, I bet you’ll be
way more successful the second time around. And even if you aren’t… at least you’re doing
something honest. Something that means something. Not hocking stolen merch for the yakuza.”
Takeshi looked back down at the floor, silent for a moment. “…Alright,” he said. “I’ll turn myself
in.”
With a slight smile, Sae nodded. “You’re doing the right thing, Takeshi.” She pulled out her phone
and began to dial the police.
***

The police arrived and quickly arrested Takeshi without fuss. A few lingered behind to catalogue
the warehouse and get in touch with their counterparts in Tokyo about the arcade hardware. As the
party watched the police secure the area, the doors opened, and footsteps echoed on the concrete.
Three suited men entered the warehouse.
Masataka Ebina, flanked by two subordinates from the Seiryu Clan and adjusting his cuffs,
approached the scene.
“Evening, officers,” he greeted politely with a slight bow. “Masataka Ebina, Seiryu Clan. I came as
soon as I heard that one of my associates—ah, former associates—had caused a stir. I do apologize
for any problems his actions may have created.”
Sae raised an eyebrow skeptically. “Former?”
Ebina nodded. “Yes. You see, due to a recent performance issue, Kurosawa-san had been expelled
from the Seiryu Clan, effective last week.”
Sae clicked her tongue. “Tch. Of course.”
Saeko tilted her head. “You don’t sound surprised.”
Sae crossed her arms. “Kanagawa’s anti-yakuza laws hold bosses accountable for the crimes of
their men. Ebina, as captain of the Seiryu Clan, almost certainly knows this. So if any of his men
are caught doing something that could result in charges? They’re coincidentally ‘expelled’ before
any charges can be pressed. Not that I can prove Takeshi wasn’t expelled.”
Ebina smiled thinly at her. “And you might be?”
“Sae Niijima,” Sae answered sharply. “Ministry of Justice, Tokyo District Prosecutor’s Office.”
Ebina nodded. “Ah. Niijima-san. I believe I saw your name in the news just recently. Wanted by
Tokyo police for aiding a fugitive. Is that right? My, that’s quite an awkward position for a
prosecutor to be in.”
Sae narrowed her eyes at Ebina. “I was providing counsel to a woman who was charged unjustly.”
“By your office,” Ebina shot back. “That puts you between a rock and a hard place.” His eyes
settled on Kasuga, and his smile faltered, only slightly. Though he attempted to keep his eyes
neutral, hatred burned behind them. “You’re keeping reputable company, I see.”
Nanba scratched his chin. “Sheesh… that guy can’t stand you.”
Kasuga furrowed his brow. “Huh? The hell did I do to him? I’ve never even met the guy. I mean, I
don’t think…”
Ebina stared at Kasuga only a moment longer before turning his attention back to Sae. “Well. I’m
sure you’ll figure something out.” He turned and started to walk away.
Sae nodded. “I will… once I’ve charged you.”
Ebina halted in his step, though didn’t turn back to her. “…Oh? For what, exactly?”

“For the crime I’ve charged Haruka Sawamura with. The murder of Hachiro Sano, former captain
of the Seiryu Clan.”
Ebina chuckled. “You have quite the imagination, prosecutor. A very active imagination… and no
power to back it up.” He turned his head to her, only slightly. “A word of advice, Niijima-san… In
poker, you don’t show your hand before the chips are down. Especially when your opponent
already has a straight."
“Straights lose to full houses,” Sae said calmly. “You don’t know what my hand really looks like.”
Ebina smirked. “Hmph. Then I suppose I’ll just have to see where the whims of fate lead me.” With
a deep breath, he turned back to the police, who tended. “I will do whatever I can to facilitate your
investigation into this matter, of course,” he said. “And of course the Seiryu Clan will seek out and
return this merchandise to their rightful owners, as soon as possible.” He bowed deeply. “My
sincerest apologies for the… indiscretions of those who don’t know their place.”
His eyes flicked to Sae. “They’re a plague, I’m afraid.”
He straightened out and turned to his subordinates. “Gentlemen.”
The yakuza bowed. “Sir!”
With that, Ebina turned and left, his subordinates straightening out and falling in line behind him.
Before stepping fully out, he glanced at Kasuga once more. Again, his face remained neutral, but
something colder flickered behind his eyes, which narrowed ever so slightly, almost imperceptibly.
What the hell is his problem? Kasuga thought to himself.
Ebina stared at Kasuga one moment longer, then turned and walked out.
“So that’s Ebina,” Sae muttered. “I can see why somebody like Haruka would get under his skin.
He revels in narrative control. Somebody like her would deny him that. Every single time.” She
sighed. “That’s also what makes him all the more dangerous, though… Because men like that will
do anything to keep that control.”
“Yeah…” Kasuga agreed, his brow furrowing at the door as it shut. “What do you think his
problem with me is, though? I didn’t do anything to him.”
“I wouldn’t worry about it,” Saeko said. “Some people are born haters.
Sae’s eyes lingered on the closed door. “…Yeah. Some people are.”
***
The party returned to Benten Pawn, having retrieved the stolen merchandise from the warehouse.
Gomi watched as Kasuga placed it back in the display window, now boarded over with plywood.
“There,” he said with a chuckle. “Good as new. Told ya I’d get the game back for you, Gomi-san.”
Gomi nodded. “Mm. Thanks, Kasuga. Now then… I’ve been giving some thought as to your
reward…”
Kasuga shook his head. “Oh, there’s no need for a reward. I’m just happy you got your stuff back.”

Gomi waved a hand. “Nonsense. You did for me what a lot of others wouldn’t have. That’s twice
you’ve helped me. So, I’ve been thinking… Well, you really care about this game, right? I want
you to have it.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “H-huh? But Gomi-san—!”
“Now, now… I have no use for it. I was just going to sell it at a ludicrous price, like those other
guys. But then it might not go to somebody who appreciates it. The thing is… I don’t actually care
about this game. I was more mad about the window being smashed, honestly.”
Sae nodded. “Well, it’s a good thing you have insurance, then. They’ll cover the damage, easily.”
Gomi shook his head. “Oh my, no. Insurance is a scam, I simply don’t buy into that nonsense.”
Sae blinked. “…You’re serious.”
Gomi ignored her and turned back to Kasuga, handing him both the game and the console. “Here
you go, Kasuga. These are yours.”
Kasuga wanted to say no, but he refused to insult Gomi further. “Yeah. Okay. Thank you, Gomisan. I’ll take good care of it.”
“I sell other games for that system, too,” Gomi added. “Locked up now, of course… Stop by if you
want to pick up something new. Actually, I’ve been seeing them all around town. Hehe, I even saw
one being given out as a prize at the casino.”
Sae raised an eyebrow. “An underground Casino, eh? Mind sharing the location?”
Gomi chuckled. “Hah! Like I’m that dumb.”
She shrugged. “Worth a shot.”
***
And so, with the Saturn and the game disc in hand, Kasuga returned to Survive, hooking the
console up to an old CRT the bartender had lying around and setting it on a table near the piano.
Haruka, Haruto, Kiryu, and Yagami approached.
“Hm? What are you setting up, Kasuga?” Kiryu asked.
“A SEGA Saturn,” Kasuga answered.
“Oh, a console from your childhood?” Haruka asked.
“Uh… Early adulthood, now that I think about it…” Kasuga replied. “Damn, that makes me feel
old. Anyway! I figured everyone should be able to enjoy this. So, I’m setting it up right here, for
everyone to play.”
“That might be a bad idea,” Haruka chuckled. “Uncle Kaz used to hog the Game Gear at the
orphanage.”
Kiryu clenched his fists. “I had to win that race against Robotnik. I wouldn’t have been able to ever
look the children in the eyes again if I let him defeat me.”

Haruka sighed. “Sheesh…”
“Hmph. You know, I had an old Master System back at the office,” Yagami said. “Never played the
Saturn, though.”
Kasuga grinned at him. “Then… want first dibs? Oh, uh, only… I’ve only got one game. But man,
is it like the best one I could’ve got! Here, lemme boot it up, and you all can see!”
Kiryu glanced at Haruto. “Actually, Kasuga… maybe Haruto should go first.”
Kasuga looked at the boy. “Oh yeah? Hey, yeah! Here, Haruto-kun, you should play! I mean, you
GOTTA play the classics. We’ll get you hooked on Dragon Quest next.”
Haruto picked up the controller. “Okay… If you’re sure,” he said. “I’ll give it a try!”
And so, as the intro FMV to Panzer Dragoon Saga began to play, the group crowded around
Haruto. Off in the corner, Sae sat with Futaba, sipping her coffee.
Masataka Ebina… she thought. Just who are you, really?

Chapter 104: Memories of You
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

One evening, Kiryu found himself wandering Hachikocho with Kasuga and Haruka. They had been
following a lead involving Bleach Japan that could have potentially gotten them closer to being
able to deal with Yamamoto, although that lead ended up being a total bust, and now the group was
wandering a bit aimlessly, having drifted into a neighborhood of nearby Minato.
“Man…” Kasuga sighed. “Feels like this guy’s pretty much untouchable. If we found out where he
was, we could just go kick his ass, but…”
“In the eyes of the law, all that means is he’s got a few bruises,” Kiryu chuckled. “He still gets to
run the show, and it doesn’t help Haruka, Kaito, or Niijima out of their predicaments either.” He
paused as the group passed a set of gates. “…Hm.”
“Huh? What is it, Kiryu-san?” Kasuga asked.
Haruka tilted her head. “Uncle Kaz?”
Kiryu glanced around. “This place feels… familiar.”
“Like you’ve been here before?” Kasuga asked.
“Yeah… but it wasn’t recently. In fact, even when I was in the Dojima Family, I barely ever left
Kamurocho, except for…”
His eyes slowly settled on signage in front of him. Shujin Academy. He looked up at the building
before him. It appeared to be a school. “Shujin Academy… A school? Where have I…? Wait. This
is…”

March 4, 1986
The sun began to set over Shujin Academy as motorcycles rushed past the gates. The gates opened
with a creaking sound a moment later, and students poured out of the building, the street a sea of
conversation.
“Did you hear Hokuto no Ken is back next month?”
“Finally! These hiatuses are getting longer and longer. Three months is insane!”

“It can’t get much worse than that…”
“Hey, I’m heading to Hi-Tech Land, you coming with?”
“Dude, I dropped so much money on Hang-On, it’s ridiculous.”
“I hear the big one in Kamurocho just got a new release. Come on, let’s go check it out!”
Across the road, leaning against the walls of a shadowy alleyway, two teenage boys in ill-fitting,
cheap suits watched the students leave. One was Kazuma Kiryu, 17 years old but just as stoic, his
hair at this point a low-cut pompadour and his face clean shaven.
The other had a thin face and a pointed nose, as well as a medium haircut parted down the middle.
These two boys were yakuza.
Fresh recruits.
Brothers for life.
And they swore that, one day, they’d rule the Tojo Clan together.
“So,” the other boy said quietly. “That’s the place?”

Kiryu nodded. “Yeah…” he muttered. “The entrance exam results came in yesterday. Shujin
Academy… Yumi’s going to be attending.”
“But… She doesn’t have the money,” Nishiki sighed. “And she doesn’t wanna ask pops for the
cash either. She told me herself. ‘Kazama-san’s done so much for us already. It wouldn’t be right.’”
Then… he grinned. “Heh. But that’s where we come in. Right, Kiryu?”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. Come on. We just have one more collection to make, and then we’ll have the
money. You already set aside tribute, right?”
Nishiki nodded. “Duh. I’m not a dumbass. You know what’ll happen if we don’t have the cash?
We’d have to ask Kashiwagi-san to spot us.”
Kiryu snorted. “You’d ask Kashiwagi? That’s bold. I’d rather take my chances with Kuze-aniki.”
“Kuze-aniki’s a fuckin’ psycho, dude,” Nishiki scoffed. “He finds out you don’t have his money,
and you’re done.”

“And Kashiwagi-san still scares me more,” Kiryu retorted.
“Man, he doesn’t even yell,” Nishiki said with a click of his tongue.
“That’s the worst part,” Kiryu replied. “You can never tell just how pissed he is. Now come on,
let’s go.”
The pair headed towards Aoyama-Itchome Station. “So who is this guy anyway?” Nishiki asked.
“Masato Iori, some gambler with a drinking problem who pisses his salary away on… well, you
can probably guess.”
Nishiki whistled. “Hoo! Double whammy!”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. He’s been borrowing from a few families to keep up with his habit,” Kiryu
explained. “He figured he’d be able to keep things manageable by borrowing small amounts from
multiple creditors.”
“Dumbass… doesn’t he know how fast that shit piles up?”
The duo descended into the metro station. “Yeah, well, apparently he’s been getting away with this
for a while now. His final mistake was borrowing from a Dojima loan shark when he already owed
the Shimano Family.”
Nishiki chuckled. “Heh. Didn’t know Dojima and Shimano were tight like that, did he?”
“Yeah, well, I wouldn’t quite say that was it. Apparently, Dojima’s actually planning to collect the
whole debt for himself. Heard one of our anikis quoting him saying ‘You snooze, you lose.’”
“Sheesh… that’s kinda brutal.”
“That’s the life we chose,” Kiryu sighed as they stepped onto a train bound for Shinjuku. “You
always gotta watch your back. Even your own brother might stab you in it.”
Nishiki smirked. “Well… when we’re in charge, things are gonna be different, right?”
Kiryu smirked as well. “Hmph. We’ll see how I’m feeling, once I’m chairman. Might decide to cut
you loose.”
“Tch. Dickhead.”
“Heh.”
Nishiki rolled his eyes. “So, where’s this guy hang out?”
“Volcano,” Kiryu answered. “It’s a pachislot parlor in Theatre Square.”
“Theatre Square… H-hold up… isn’t that Arakawa Family turf?”
Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “What? Don’t tell me you’re scared.”
Nishiki scratched the back of his neck. “N-no, of course not… I just… Have you heard the stories
about their patriarch?”

“Some of them,” Kiryu conceded. “But, I mean… legends are just that. There’s always some truth
to them, but it’s never the whole story.”
“Dude… they call him ‘Arakawa the Assassin’.”
“Oh, well, that part’s probably true.”
“You’re not exactly putting my mind at ease, man…”
“Relax. The Arakawa Family is tiny. If we keep our heads down, they won’t even know we were
there.”
“Alright…”
***
Kamurocho was as lively as ever that evening, Kiryu and Nishiki having to push through a crowd
as they walked underneath the Tenkaichi Street gate.

“Man… I can’t wait ‘til we’re old enough to get the full Kamurocho experience,” Nishiki chuckled
as they walked.
“Kamurocho is where idiots come to blow money,” Kiryu pointed out. “Doesn’t sound all that fun
to me.”
“Yeah, but by that point we’ll actually have money to blow,” Nishiki retorted. “Come on, picture it.
You, me, pulling up in an Italian sports car, two babes in the back seat ready for a night on the
town!”
“That sounds more expensive than it sounds fun,” Kiryu sighed.
“Tch. Man, you gotta lighten up. Once we start making some real cash… Once we’re calling the
shots… We’re gonna be the talk of the town! …I gotta teach you how to party, man.”
“I know plenty about partying,” Kiryu said with a scowl.
“Oh yeah? Name one you’ve ever been to.”
“Uhh… Your sister’s birthday party?”
“What! Man, that doesn’t count! I mean a real party!”
Kiryu thought about it. “…Tch. Forget it.”
“Aha, see! You’re a salaryman at heart, admit it! Too focused on work, man.”

“If we don’t work, we don’t eat.”
“Well, yeah, but… it ain’t always gonna be like that.”
Kiryu huffed. “Of course not. But… I don’t know. I don’t see myself partaking.”
“…You are way too young to be so old, Kiryu.”
Kiryu shot him a glare. “Excuse me?”
Nishiki laughed. “Hah! See? That way you’re looking at me right now! That’s exactly how pops
looks at us when we’re up to some stupid shit. You have ‘resting old man face’.”
“I do not have resting old man face. And what do you mean ‘we’? It’s always you that’s up to
stupid shit.”
“Whatever you say… gramps.”
Kiryu groaned. “Ugh…”
The duo hung left at the end of Tenkaichi Street, then took a right, eventually coming up on Theatre
Alley, right as a lanky man in a Tokyo Giants baseball cap and a brown trenchcoat rounded the
opposite corner into the alley. His eyes settled on Kiryu and Nishiki.
Nishiki leaned over to whisper, “That our guy?”
The man’s eyes narrowed on theirs, then darted to their lapels. His eyes widened as he made out the
Dojima Family crest pinned to them. “Shit!” he cursed as he turned and bolted the other way.
Kiryu sighed. “I think that’s a ‘yes’.”
Nishiki’s eyes widened. “Damn it! Get back here!” He gave chase.
Kiryu shook his head. “Never easy…” He followed Nishiki, breaking into a sprint as Iori led them
around town.
Nishiki sidestepped a couple, who turned in surprise as he passed. Kiryu was unable to react in time
and simply plowed through them, splitting them apart as he barreled through. “Sorry!” Kiryu
shouted. Iori turned left, then right onto Shichifuku Street. Nishiki leapt over a woman ducking out
of the way; Kiryu sidestepped her.
“Get back here Iori, you piece of shit!” Nishiki called out, his breath as heavy as his footsteps.
“Get fucked, cumstain!” Iori, classy as he was, called back.
“We just want to talk, Iori-san!” Kiryu called.
“Yeah, right! Blow me!”
“Damn it…” Kiryu groaned, his pace starting to falter. His stamina was starting to give out.
Iori turned into the Kamuro Shopping District, tossed a stack of crates over as he passed, then
turned right into a dead end. “Ah, shit!” he groaned as he looked around. He appeared to be in an

Empty Lot of some sort, boxed in by buildings on all sides.
Nishiki and Kiryu stumbled into the lot, out of breath.
“Hah… hah… okay man…” Nishiki huffed as he bent over to catch his breath. “We need… to
have… a little chat…”
Iori slammed his fist on the wall. “Damn it…! I don’t have Dojima’s money, alright?!”
Nishiki clicked his tongue. “Tch. Bullshit, man, we just caught you on your way to blow it at the
slots.”
“L-look, listen, once I hit it big, I’ll have enough for him with interest.”
Kiryu crossed his arms. “We’re not interested in that. Just hand over your wallet and we’ll be on
our way.”
Iori shook his head. “I-I’m telling you, I don’t have—hey!”
Nishiki shoved him, sending him stumbling to the ground. “The wallet, Iori!”
Iori groaned. “You little punks… Fine! Here you go!” He held his wallet out, Nishiki snatching it
out of his hand.
“Let’s see here… How much does this guy owe?”
Kiryu held his hand out. “Let me see.” He opened it and started counting out bills. “You shouldn’t
be gambling your life away,” he muttered. “You’ll be square with Dojima-san after this. Don’t
make us come looking for you again.”
Iori sighed. “Come on, man… just one more game, and I woulda been rich.”
“Uh huh.” Kiryu pocketed the bills and tossed the wallet back at him. “Make better choices in the
future.”
Nishiki smirked. “Yeah, and when your life is straightened out, you can thank Sohei Dojima for
putting you back on the right track.”
Iori huffed. “Tch. Whatever. Says the fucking yakuza…” he muttered as he looked into his wallet.
“H-hey! You assholes took way more than what I owe Dojima!”
Kiryu crossed his arms. “You don’t just owe Dojima-san. We’re squaring up your debts with a few
others. The Shimano Family, the Arase Family, the Kiwami Brothers…”
“And the Arakawa Family,” a voice behind Kiryu and Nishiki said.
Nishiki tensed. Kiryu simply raised an eyebrow. They both turned, slowly, to see who had
interrupted them.
A tall man stood in the opening—taller even than Kiryu—with tan skin and slicked back brown
hair. He wore a dark gray suit over a violet shirt with a patterned burgundy tie, with an Arakawa
Family crest adorned over his lapel. Nishiki’s eyes widened as they focused on that detail.

“Shit…” he muttered.
“Evening, gentlemen,” the man said as he paced the Empty Lot around them in a circle. He eyed up
Iori. “Iori-san. Glad I caught you. We have business matters to discuss.” He sighed and crossed his
arms. “You hit it big yet? Or do I need to raise the interest again?”
Iori shook his head. “I- I don’t have it, Sawashiro-san! These Dojima punks took everything I
have!”
The man—Sawashiro—turned to stare at Kiryu and Nishiki. “Did they now? Hmph.” He clicked
his tongue, turned back to Iori, and smiled thinly. “Then… I suppose you and I are square, aren’t
we?”
Iori’s eyes widened in shock. “H-huh?”
“Until your habits put you in another hole, that is,” Sawashiro finished with a soft, humorless
chuckle. “Then… Well, you know the Arakawa Family will always be here to help. Now get out of
here. I’ve got some… words for these boys.”
Kiryu narrowed his eyes at that word. “Boys.” What an asshole.
Iori bowed sharply. “Y-yes sir! Thank you, Sawashiro-san!” Then, with a pathetic whimper, he
pushed past Kiryu and Nishiki and sprinted out of the Empty Lot.
Sawashiro watched him go. The smile vanished the moment he was gone, and he turned to glare at
Kiryu and Nishiki. “Dojima Family, huh?” He circled them once more. “You boys make a habit of
collecting on other families’ turf?”
Nishiki clenched his fists. “W-what’s it to you? It’s none of your business.”
“Oh, it is all of my business,” Sawashiro chuckled. “As the Arakawa Family’s treasurer, well… I
can’t go and embarrass my boss by letting some little punks do business with our clients.”
Nishiki took a step back. “Oh, shit…! You’re Arakawa’s treasurer? Then that means you’re…”
“Jo Sawashiro,” Sawashiro introduced. “I believe you boys have something that belongs to me.”

Chapter End Notes

This chapter and its follow-up were very fun to do, since it's set earlier than any mainline
Yakuza game. I not only had to imagine what exactly Kiryu and Nishiki would've been doing
in the Dojima Family pre-1988, I also had to sit down and research how a yakuza syndicate
actually functions since this is one of the few times we see the protagonists operate as
members of a yakuza family. I still take some liberties of course for storytelling convenience,
but it was a fun exercise.
As I noted in the comments below, the "Arase" referenced here is NOT Kazuto Arase of the
Nishikiyama family, as he would've been like fourteen in 1986 and to my knowledge was
never a patriarch anyway. The name instead comes from the name of an original character I

created for a potential prequel to this story, with Kiryu as one of two protagonists and set
between Yakuza 6 and Gaiden! :o
I've written four chapters of that prequel so far and will decide if I want to continue writing it
as I near the end of this one. I don't wanna say much else about it except that it's set entirely in
Tokyo during the Omi Alliance takeover that occurred prior to Yakuza: Like A Dragon and
depicts Kiryu's first "major" mission for the Daidoji Faction.

Chapter 105: Brutal Prototype
Jo Sawashiro of the Arakawa Family stood opposite Kiryu and Nishiki in the Empty Lot, one hand
in his pocket as he brought a lighter to the cigarette in his mouth. He flicked the lighter closed,
pocketed it, and blew out a puff of smoke as he eyed the boys before him.
“So…” he began. “You boys thought you’d snatch up that degenerate’s debt, skim out your cut,
then split what’s left between the families he owes. Is that it?” He chuckled, a small cloud of smoke
coming from his nostrils. “Impressive gambit, I’ll give you that. Seriously. That’ll earn you some
serious cred back at the office.”
He brought his cigarette up to his lips for another drag. He inhaled, then exhaled. “Doesn’t make
you a whole lot of friends outside of it, though.”
“Yeah?” Nishiki said, steeling his nerves despite his internal terror. “And who says we’re trying to
impress you, huh? We got Iori to cough up the debt first. Finders keepers.”
Sawashiro flicked his cigarette away and glared at them. “The world doesn’t work like that.” He
slowly stepped toward them. “I’m a reasonable man, though. How about… you hand over the cash,
and then I’ll give you to the count of four so you two can run home.”
Kiryu stood firm, his fists clenching. “Not happening,” he said. “You couldn’t get that debt back.
Neither could anyone else in this town. We did. So we’re walking away with what we earned.
Masumi Arakawa will get his cut. Minus what we’re owed for the work.”
Sawashiro studied him for a moment. “…What’s your name, kid?”
“Kazuma Kiryu,” Kiryu answered without hesitation.
Sawashiro raised an eyebrow. “Kiryu? Ah. One of Shintaro Kazama’s strays.” He glanced at
Nishiki. “Then you must be Akira Nishikiyama, right?” He turned away from them, his back to
them. “Well, that certainly changes things.”
Nishiki’s eyes widened slightly. “Huh? It does?”
“Yup,” Sawashiro replied simply. “If you two were just a couple of Dojima’s punks, a simple
beating to teach you your place would have sufficed.
“But now…” he said as he slowly turned his head to them, a smirk crawling up his face. “…I get to
humble the old man myself.”
Kiryu’s eyes narrowed… then he smirked. “Hmph. Well… Normally, I go easy on my elders.” He
lowered into his slightly primitive stance of the time, his back slightly hunched, right fist by his
chin, left at his waist. “But now that I know Kazama-san’s reputation is on the line… I won’t feel
obligated to hold back.”
Nishiki glanced at Kiryu. Knowing that his brother would stay by his side, even though the odds
were against him, made him feel at ease, and he lowered into his own stance. “Heh. Yeah. The two
of us together… we’re unstoppable.”

Kiryu nodded. “So, Sawashiro. If you really want to let these ‘boys’ embarrass you on family
business… then step up!”
Sawashiro turned fully to face them. There was a look in Kiryu’s eyes that he couldn’t quite place.
Steely, fiery resolve. He looked powerful. Composed. Certain.
He looked… like a dragon in the making.
And Sawashiro had always wanted to slay a dragon. He loosened his shoulders, cracked his neck,
and held up his fists. “Hmph. You boys aren’t cowards. I respect that. Let’s see if you can back up
your words, though.”

Kiryu attacked first, running at Sawashiro and throwing a right hook at him; the older yakuza
skillfully dodged this and threw a roundhouse kick at Kiryu’s head in retaliation, which stunned.
Sawashiro then attacked him with a left jab, a right cross, and a right uppercut, the final of which
launched Kiryu in the air.
“Ngh!” Kiryu grunted as he fell on his face, though he quickly stood up despite the pain.
Sawashiro had turned to Nishiki and threw a series of jabs and crosses, all of which hit their mark,
though Nishiki quickly retaliated with his own boxing combo, hitting Sawashiro several times as he
bobbed around, finishing with a flying knee strike. “You little…!” Sawashiro grunted.
Kiryu assisted his oath brother with a right hook, left hook, right upper cut, left kick, and a right
haymaker finisher. He kept the momentum going with a heavy right kick, a left hook, and a flying
right kick, which knocked Sawashiro down.
Bruised but undeterred, Sawashiro swept both boys’ legs, sending them falling to the ground; he
then quickly stood up and stomped on Kiryu’s face, causing him to groan in pain as his nose began
to bleed. Nishiki stood up, and Sawashiro hit him with his basic combo, launching him with the
uppercut and keeping him in the air with several successive hits.
His focus on this task prevented him from noticing that Kiryu had stood back up; he ran at
Sawashiro and, with a yell, jumped into the air and hit him in the back with a dropkick which
knocked the man over. He helped Nishiki up, then turned and kicked Sawashiro in the face as he
tried to stand.
The man fell over, next to a trash can. He opened an eye and saw a shard of glass laying next to his
face. That’ll work. He grabbed it with his bare hand, pushed himself up, and slashed at Kiryu, who

quickly dodged backward. Kiryu kicked his hand, sending the glass flying out of it; it flew up and
nicked Sawashiro’s eyebrow.
It would scar.
He threw a punch at Kiryu, who ducked and responded with a swift counter hook which sent
Sawashiro skidding backwards, his soles burning against the pavement. With a growl, Sawashiro
ran at them with one final raised fist.
Kiryu and Nishiki stood firm, side by side, against him as he approached. “Hmph. Ready, Nishiki?”
Kiryu asked.
Nishiki smirked. “You know it, bro.”
Right as Sawashiro was ready to hit them, they both threw sharp jabs to his stomach—Kiryu with
his right fist, Nishiki with his left—which knocked the air out of Sawashiro’s lungs. The pair then
grabbed him, spun him around, and kneed his back together, sending a painful jolt up his spine and
send him collapsing to the ground.
“Agh…” Sawashiro groaned as he struggled to move—struggled to breathe, really. “What the
fuck…?” he rasped out as he turned onto his back. “You’re just a couple of kids… how could you
beat me?”
Kiryu smirked as he wiped blood from his own nose. “Hmph. It wasn’t easy, believe me. But when
the pride of somebody you care about is on the line… defeat isn’t an option.”
Nishiki crossed his arms. “Yo, Kiryu. Let’s go. Before the uh…” his voice lowered as he leaned in.
“Before the place closes.”
Kiryu glanced at his watch. “Shit. We need to hustle. Come on.”
They turned to leave, though Kiryu paused. “I’d like to fight you again, Sawashiro,” he muttered.
Sawashiro’s eyes widened, his fingers already brushing up against the handle of a pistol concealed
within his suit. “Huh?”
“Today wasn’t really fair. Two against one. Let’s face each other on more equal ground next time.
Okay?”
Nishiki scoffed. “You’re an insane idiot, you know that, Kiryu? Come on.”
The pair walked out of the Empty Lot. Sawashiro removed his hand from his gun a moment later.
***
The gates were still open at Shujin Academy by the time Kiryu and Nishiki arrived, though only
barely; the sun had nearly disappeared behind Mt. Fuji. “Great, we made it,” Kiryu said as he
crossed the threshold and started to walk up the stairs.
“Whoa, hold up. Wait,” Nishiki said, holding a hand up.
Kiryu turned. “Hm?”

“Fix your shirt, bro. You look like a damn thug.”
Kiryu glanced down at his shirt. Untucked, buttoned only halfway, collar popped. “I am a thug.”
Nishiki rolled his eyes. “You don’t wanna look like one! Use your head man! Think about how it’ll
look if two yakuza walk in to pay Yumi’s tuition!”
Kiryu nodded. “Right.” He quickly buttoned his shirt up and tucked it in, then buttoned his jacket
closed. “Better?”
Nishiki gave him a once over. “Yeah. Come on, let’s go.”
The pair walked up the stairs and entered the school.
A few students who lingered turned to stare at them.
A teacher walked by, glanced at them, raised an eyebrow, then shook her head and kept walking.
The receptionist at the window, who was typing something up, stopped and just stared at them. “…
Can I help you boys with something?”
Nishiki nodded. “Yeah. We’re here to pay tuition for our… sister. Are we too late?”
The receptionist looked the boys up and down. “…Are you two students here?”
Nishiki coughed. “No, we’re, uh, we go to another school.”
“…Uh huh.”
“…Can we see the principal?”
“…Just one moment.” She picked up a phone. “…Takeuchi-sensei? Yes, two… boys are here to see
you about tuition.” She paused as she listened to the man on the other end. “Alright, I’ll send them
in.”
She hung the phone up and nodded. “Right through that door. Don’t cause any trouble, you got
that?”
Nishiki raised an eyebrow. “Huh? Uh, wasn’t planning on it.”
The duo walked through the door into the principal’s office. The principal, Takeuchi, was already in
conversation with a teacher when they entered. “…It would be best if incidents like that could be
avoided in the future,” he said seriously. “Shujin Academy is one of the most prestigious prep
schools in all of Tokyo. We can’t afford to have any negative PR that may come from a student
acting out in such a way.”
The teacher nodded. “Yes, I agree. I’ve instructed all of my students to remain away from
Kamurocho. There’s nothing from them there; only sin, vice, and the yakuza await.” She glanced
up at Kiryu and Nishiki. “Oh, my apologies. It seems you have visi…tors?” She eyed them up. “…
Um… C-can we help you boys?”
Nishiki bowed his head slightly. “Uh, sorry to interrupt. We’re actually here to pay tuition for a
recently admitted student.”

The teacher narrowed her eyes. “Which student?”
“Yumi Sawamura,” Nishiki answered. Kiryu remained silent.
Takeuchi closed his eyes in thought. “Sawamura…” he muttered. “Ah.” He opened his eyes and
leaned over to whisper to the teacher. “Yumi Sawamura received top marks on the entrance exam.
Admitting her was a no-brainer.”
The teacher’s eyes widened in surprise. “Eh? Are you quite sure? If she associates with… them…”
The principal raised an eyebrow. “Hm? What’s gotten into you?”
The teacher jerked her head towards Kiryu in particular. “Look closely…”
Takeuchi studied Kiryu. Suddenly, his eyes widened. “Ah… y-you’re… Tojo Clan…”
Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “Huh?”
Nishiki’s eyes slowly trailed down to Kiryu’s jacket. “Kiryu…” he said in a hushed tone. “Your
lapel.”
Kiryu slowly looked down.
The Dojima Family crest was still pinned to his chest.
“Shit…” he muttered as he pulled the pin off and hastily pocketed it.
“You dumbass!” Nishiki hissed.
“Hey, you told me I looked fine!” Kiryu shot back with a whisper.
“I didn’t think I had to tell you not to wear a fucking yakuza pin into a school!”
“You should’ve said something!”
“Don’t pin this on me!”
The teacher slowly exhaled and pinched her nose bridge as the boys argued in whispers. “…
Unbelievable.”
“Look just shut up… shut up! I’ll take care of it!” Nishiki rolled his eyes and sighed, rubbing the
back of his neck awkwardly. “Uh… hey, listen… We’re here as civilians today. We don’t want any
trouble.” He glared at Kiryu. “The money.”
Kiryu nodded. “Right.” He pulled an envelope out of his jacket and placed it on the desk, bowing
as he did so. “Here. This should be enough.”
The principal and the teacher glanced at each other. Slowly, he reached out to open the envelope,
which was neatly packed with bills. “…Cash,” he muttered. “Not from a bank, either. …We can’t
accept any payments made with… illegally acquired funds.”
“It’s clean, I swear it is,” Kiryu replied, his head still bowed. “I know it’s not conventional, but it’s
all there.”

“Be that as it may, we do not accept money from the yakuza,” Takeuchi replied. “Regardless of
how it was acquired.”
Nishiki frowned. “Listen… I know how this looks. But…”
“She’s not like us,” Kiryu finished as he straightened out. It was a thought Nishiki couldn’t really
put into words but agreed with all the same. “And we’re trying to make sure it stays that way.”
Takeuchi’s glare softened. “Not like you… What do you mean?”
“He means she isn’t fucked up like us,” Nishiki said.
The teacher balked. “Young man—!”
“We made shitty choices and now we’re stuck with them,” Nishiki continued, his eyes starting to
glisten. “But Yumi isn’t like us. She makes good choices. She’s kind. She’s smart. And she
deserves to go to a good school just as much as the kids with money and parents do! This school…
it might be her only shot at escaping the life that sucked the two of us in. Please… don’t deny her
that chance! It’s too late for us. But it’s not too late for her.” He bowed, and Kiryu joined him.
“We’re not asking you to take on a debt with the family,” Kiryu said. “And we’re not asking you to
agree to anything criminal. All that we want… is for Yumi to get the chance neither of us got to
make something of herself. Please. Please give her that chance.”
Takeuchi stared at Kiryu, a sympathetic look entering his eyes. He glanced at the teacher, who also
seemed moved by his words.
“That’s all… very touching, I must admit,” he muttered. “But… I- I’m sorry. I can’t take money
from the yakuza. Yumi will simply have to find another way to pay.”
Nishiki straightened out, his face unreadable. For a moment, Takeuchi feared he may lash out. But
then…
“We understand,” he muttered, his voice rough. “Come on, Kiryu. Let’s go.” He turned and started
to walk toward the exit.
Kiryu didn’t budge, however. His eyes narrowed. “Ngh…” he grunted. “Listen…” he said as he
slowly reached into his pocket.
The teachers tensed. Did he have a gun?
Kiryu slowly pulled… a second envelope out of his jacket. “Would this convince you?” he asked as
he slapped it onto the table, next to the first.
Nishiki’s eyes widened. “Kiryu… that’s Kuze’s money! Are you insane?!”
Takeuchi stared at the second envelope, unamused. “Is this… a bribe?”
Kiryu refused to back down. “It’s a donation. Use it for whatever the school needs—whatever Yumi
needs. Books. Pencils. You name it. There’s enough in the envelope for an entire extra student. That
could go a long way if you allocate it smartly.”

Takeuchi stared at the envelope, then looked back at Kiryu. “…Be straight with me, son. That’s
money meant for your patriarch… isn’t it?”
“It doesn’t matter, does it? It’s money all the same.”
“I know full well what’ll happen if you don’t take that money back to your family,” Takeuchi
retorted. “I’m not in the business of letting a couple of kids get killed over money. Even if you are
yakuza, a child is still a child, and I have an obligation to protect—!”
His speech faltered, and he seemed to ponder something he said. “…A child is a child… no matter
their background.” He stared at the envelopes and sighed. “…Those exam results certainly were
something,” he muttered, to which Kiryu nodded.
“Yeah. She studied day and night to make sure she was prepared.” He smirked. “Heh… Not that
she needed it. She’s a lot smarter than us. I have no doubt in my mind that she’ll go on to do great
things… if she just gets a chance.”
Takeuchi glanced once more at the teacher, who remained silent. “…You boys can’t come around
here anymore.”
Kiryu’s smirk faltered, but he nodded. “We understand. Thank you for your time.”
“Mhmm. Take your patriarch’s money back… we’ll hold on to the tuition.”
Kiryu’s eyes widened a hair. “Sir?”
“Yumi Sawamura is going to be going to one of the most prestigious schools in Tokyo,” Takeuchi
explained with a slight smile. “It would reflect poorly on the school if a couple of delinquents
started hanging around at the same time.”
Nishiki’s eyes widened, and his frown morphed into a smile. “You’re serious…?”
Takeuchi nodded. “Dead serious. Now get out of my office. Before I change my mind.”
The boys looked at each other. They smiled. Nishiki laughed. “Heh. Haha! Thank you!”
They both bowed deeply. “You won’t regret this!” Nishiki said. “We promise!”
Kiryu took the second envelope—the one that would go to Kuze, and eventually Dojima—and
pocketed it, before nodding to the teachers. “Thank you. Really. You’re doing the right thing.”
Takeuchi sighed. “Yes, yes. Now please. Leave us.”
Kiryu nodded to Nishiki. “Come on, Nishiki. Let’s go.”
“Right.”
With that, they turned and left… but not before Nishiki turned and bowed one more time. “Thank
you!” He straightened out and followed Kiryu out.
As Kiryu left the building, he reached into his pocket and pulled out a soft pack of Seven Stars. He
placed one cigarette between his lips, lit it, then held the pack out for Nishiki.

Once Nishiki was away from the building, his smile turned into a scowl and he snatched the pack
from Kiryu’s hand. “You dumbass.”
Kiryu scoffed, smoke curling from his mouth as he did so, and shook his head. “Hmph. What
now?” he asked as he flicked his lighter open to light Nishiki’s cigarette.
Nishiki groaned. “Offering up Kuze’s money like that… What were you thinking? Imagine if they
had actually taken it! Then we’d both be in deep shit.”
“And Yumi would’ve gotten the education she deserved,” Kiryu retorted. “Isn’t that worth a
beating?”
Nishiki shook his head with a dry laugh. “Kazuma… You know, one of these days, that selfsacrificing hero complex of yours is gonna get you into a bind you won’t be able to get out of.”
“Hasn’t yet,” Kiryu replied with a hint of smugness in his tone.
“Whatever. You got the money, right?”
Kiryu nodded, opened the envelope, and began to count it out. “Yeah, right here…”
Nishiki stepped out into the road. “Good. You know, I think I’d rather it be out of our hands sooner
rather than later. Less chance of you doing something stupid with it. Come on, let’s take it to the
office.”
Kiryu frowned as he counted the money out once. Then twice. “…Nishiki.”
Nishiki turned to him. “What now?”
“…We have a problem.”
Nishiki raised an eyebrow. “Huh? What kind of problem?”
As it turned out, before skimming out their own cuts, the boys had failed to ensure that they had
gotten enough from Iori to pay not only Dojima, but the other families he owed as well. “It
seems… we’re still ¥50,000 short,” Kiryu sighed.
Nishiki looked distraught. “You can’t be serious.”
“I’m afraid I am.”
“Well what the hell are we gonna do?! We can’t bring an envelope that light to Kuze-aniki!”
Nishiki groaned. “And if we screw over some other family to make up the difference, we’re gonna
get jumped the next time we set foot in Kamurocho! Oh, man, we are so screwed!”
Kiryu pocketed the cash and held up a placating hand. “Relax. We’re not screwed. Kuze’s not
expecting this money until the end of the week. We’ll just… pay the other families today, and then
figure out the other fifty thousand tomorrow.”
“Dude, that’s in two days!” Nishiki pointed out. “Can you make fifty thousand in two days?!”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah, if we bust our asses. Come on, it’s not that much. Credit companies are
always hiring yakuza muscle to make collections. We’ll just take a few extra jobs tomorrow.”

“And if Dojima finds out we’re taking side jobs?” Nishiki asked. “Use your head, man. He’ll want
a cut of that too. No, I’ve got a better idea…”
Kiryu glanced at Nishiki with a raised eyebrow. “…No.”
“Come on!”
“Absolutely not.”
“He’ll bail us out! I know he will!”
Kiryu shook his head. “Oh, I know he will. It’s what comes after.”
“Dude, we can handle it! Come on, do you have anything better?”
Kiryu’s jaw clenched. He flicked his nub of a cigarette onto the ground and stamped the flames out.
“I’ll figure something else out.”
Nishiki scoffed. “Yeah, good luck with that.”
In the end, Kiryu couldn’t figure something else out… and they had to go to Kashiwagi.
Two days later, the duo sat in the Kazama Family office. Kiryu sat with his elbows on his knees, his
fingers steepled in front of his face, eyes fixed on the floor.
Nishiki sat opposite him, impatiently tapping his foot. He couldn’t sit still it seemed. “L-listen,
just… just let me do all of the talking, okay?”
Kiryu nodded. “That was the plan. This was your idea, after all.”
The door opened, and Kashiwagi walked in, wiping his face with a handkerchief. “Hotter than
usual today…” he grumbled. His eyes settled on Kiryu and Nishiki. “Kiryu. Nishikiyama. What are
you two doing here? I’d have thought you’d be at Dojima HQ today.”
Nishiki nodded. Sweat beads formed around his forehead. “Yeah, uh, we were… on the way and
decided to stop in.”
Kashiwagi sighed and sat in his chair at the head of the table. “Alright. What did you do?”
Nishiki laughed nervously. “Hah! Haha! W-who says we, uh, did anything?”
Kashiwagi raised an eyebrow. “Well, for starters, you look like you’re about to puke.” He glanced
at Kiryu. “And Kiryu looks like he’s making peace with God. So… spill. What’s the problem?”
Nishiki rubbed the back of his neck. “Well, uh… I’m sure you heard, we, uh, made a pretty big
collection the other day…”
Kashiwagi nodded, picked up a bowl of noodles from the table, and started eating. “Mm. Kazama
was impressed. Iori had been giving several Tojo families the slip for weeks, including us. I doubt
everyone is too happy at the interest all going to the Dojima Family, but hey, that’s the business.
You two did all the work. You two get the profit. Good job. Keep pulling scores like that, and
you’ll climb that ladder in no time.” He chuckled. “So… what did you screw up?”

“Well… see, we kind of… forgot to account for the other families before taking our own cuts,”
Nishiki admitted. “So we… took more than we should’ve, and… we already spent it.”
Kashiwagi furrowed his brow. “Oh? But we received the full principal. Did somebody not?”
Nishiki shook his head. “No, no, uh, everybody got paid… but we cut into our tribute to cover it.
As a result… we’re short.”
Kashiwagi's face didn’t change. “How short?” he asked flatly.
“…Fifty thousand.”
Kashiwagi paused mid-bite. He stuck his chopsticks back into the noodles, and slowly lowered it
onto the table. “…Fifty thousand.”
“Y-yeah.”
He looked between the two of them. Kiryu wasn’t even making eye contact. “Kuze's not gonna like
that.”
Nishiki nodded. “Yeah… uh… that’s actually why we’re here.” He took in a deep breath, and
bowed his head deeply. “Uh, Kashiwagi-san… Could we borrow the difference from you?”
Kiryu’s knuckles tightened, and he closed his eyes. Here it comes.
Kashiwagi leaned back in his seat. “…You want to borrow money from another family… to make
tribute at your own.”
Nishiki sighed. “…Uh huh.”
Kashiwagi didn’t say anything. He simply stared at Nishiki, then stared at Kiryu.
Then he pinched his nose bridge.
With a sigh, he stood up and slowly started pacing around the couch behind Nishiki. “You realize
how serious that is, right?”
Nishiki nodded. “Uh huh.”
“You realize why you can’t just ask that, right?”
Nishiki nodded again. “…Yeah.”
Kashiwagi walked towards his desk on the other end of the room. “Now, somebody like Dojima…
all he cares about is that he’s getting his money. Doesn’t care where it’s coming from.” He paused
and stared sharply at them. “But you’re not giving the money to Dojima. Not directly at least.”
He resumed his slow stroll to his desk. “Somebody like Kuze… He cares about hierarchy.
Tradition. Order. It’s why he is where he is. And even though you two might think it’s stupid… He
cares about where that money is coming from.”
With a sigh, he bent over and pulled open one of his drawers. “If you’re running to another family
to cover your dues, even though that family is a subsidiary… Hell, especially in that case, that’s not

a good look.” He started digging through the drawer, pulling a variety of items out. Some pens. A
stapler. A blade.
Nishiki tensed as his eyes flicked to the blade, which Kashiwagi rolled idly in his hand. He
examined the edge.
“Then there’s the optics,” Kashiwagi continued. “You two are Kazama-san’s boys. Everyone in the
Tojo Clan knows that. And being that he’s Dojima’s captain, there’s always going to be talk. Talk
about favoritism. About you two getting opportunities others don’t.”
He shook his head. “It’s bullshit. But it doesn’t matter. Perception is everything. So you see why he
can’t be caught lending you money so you can make tribute.”
Nishiki sighed. “Yeah…”
Kiryu nodded curtly. “Of course.”
Kashiwagi studied them. “Well, if you don’t, you’ll learn soon enough. One way or the other.” He
placed the knife down, grabbed something else, and slid the drawer tightly shut.
He walked back over to Kiryu and Nishiki. “So what’d you spend your cut on all at once?”
“Tuition,” Kiryu answered softly.
Kashiwagi raised an eyebrow. “Tuition? …Ah. I see. Sawamura. So, she got into that school in
Minato.”
Nishiki nodded. “Yeah. That’s why we took the extra collection job in the first place. We were
trying to earn enough to pay for her to attend this month.”
Kashiwagi furrowed his brow. “Kazama-san would’ve paid if she had asked.”
“She didn’t wanna ask,” Nishiki said. “She said Kazama had done enough for her. So… we stepped
in.”
Kashiwagi’s eyes flitted between the two of them. “That’s very sweet. And very, very
irresponsible.” He tossed a small bundle to Kiryu. “Catch.”
Kiryu’s eyes widened, and he caught the bundle in midair. He examined it.
It was a stack of bills, tightly bound with a band from Touto Bank. “This is…”
“¥25,000,” Kashiwagi finished for him, before tossing a second bundle to Nishiki, whose eyes
widened. “And ¥25,000 for you.”
“Huh? K-Kashiwagi-san?”
“Take that to HQ,” Kashiwagi said as he sat back down in his seat with a grunt.
Nishiki grinned and bowed his head deeply. “T-thank you!”
“Hey,” Kashiwagi snapped, his tone becoming much, much more stern. “That’s not a gift. That’s a
loan. And you two are going to pay back every. Yen.” He held a finger out, his face morphing into a

scowl. “With. Interest.”
Kiryu stood up and bowed. “Of course, Kashiwagi-san.”
Nishiki raised an eyebrow. “I’m almost afraid to ask, but… what’s the interest.”
Kashiwagi eyed him. “I’ll decide later,” he replied after a moment. “There’s going to come a time
when you two will be making millions a week, each,” he continued. “And this amount of money
will mean nothing to you.” He leaned in. “But you’re not at that level yet. So you better appreciate
it. Got that?”
Nishiki nodded. “Yeah. Got it.”
Kashiwagi waved them out. “Now get out of here. And for God’s sake, if you value your
reputations, you will tell nobody where that money came from. Got it?”
Nishiki grinned. “Yes, of course. Thanks again!” He stood up. “Come Kiryu, let’s get this to Kuzeaniki.”
Kiryu nodded. “Right.”
Kashiwagi raised an eyebrow as the boys moved to the door. “Hey. You… are going to take the
bank straps off before you walk in there… right?”
Nishiki furrowed his brow. “…Huh?”
Kashiwagi leaned forward in his seat. “You weren’t going to hand two fresh stacks of bills to Kuze,
tightly bound like they just came out of a vault, and try and tell him you got them from a debt
collection… right???”
Nishiki looked down at the bundle in his hand. His face flushed bright red. “Oh! Uh… yeah! No!
Of course not! Hehe…” He laughed nervously and ripped the straps from the bills. Kiryu followed
suit, and they shuffled the money into their envelope meant for Kuze. “We’d have to be TOTAL
morons to do THAT!”
Kiryu sighed and shook his head. “Nishiki, let’s just go already.”
Nishiki nodded. “Right.”
With that, they walked out, leaving Kashiwagi sitting in disbelief.
***
Back in the present, Kiryu continued to stare at Shujin Academy’s gates. For some reason, despite
how stressful that period of his life was, he looked back on it fondly. Nishiki and Yumi… despite
how everything ended up, whenever he thought of them, it was those moments he thought of.
“Yo, Kiryu-san,” he heard Kasuga’s voice in his ear. He turned to face him.
He was standing side by side with Haruka, whose head was tilted in mild concern. “You doin’
alright?” he asked. “You just kinda… zoned out on us.”

Kiryu stared at them. In Haruka, he obviously saw her mother. It was as if Yumi was still here, still
smiling at him through her daughter.
And Kasuga…
He reminded him of someone else too.
Kiryu smirked. “Hmph. Yeah. I’m fine. Just remembering something.”
“Uhh… remembering what, exactly?”
“Just some old Tojo Clan memories, from back when I was a nobody.”
Kasuga blinked. “…Right.”
Kiryu nodded. “I don’t think we’ll learn anything tonight. Come on. Let’s head back to Ijincho.” He
turned and started walking in the direction of Aoyama-Itchome Station.
“O…kay,” Kasuga replied. “Right behind you, Kiryu-san.” He and Haruka watched him walk for a
moment. “Hey, Haruka-chan… if I ever start spacing out like that… Put me in a home, yeah?”
Haruka giggled. “Hehe.”

Chapter 106: Arakawa no Kyokun
March 4th, 1986
Jo Sawashiro returned to the Arakawa Family’s tiny office in southern Kamurocho, his eyebrow
scarred, his nose broken, and his pride wounded. He was surprised to find Masumi Arakawa sitting
in the captain’s seat as soon as he entered the office, his fedora casting a shadow on his face.
“Evening, Jo,” Arakawa said quietly.
Sawashiro’s eyes widened. “…Boss?” He bowed submissively. “Uh, I mean, evening, boss.”
Arakawa chuckled. “Did I frighten you?”
“You did catch me by surprise,” Sawashiro admitted. “I thought you’d be in your office.”
Arakawa glanced at the door leading into his private office, on the small unit’s western wall. “Yes,
well, ordinarily I would be,” he replied. “But with the captain’s seat vacant for the moment, there
isn’t much point. I have no liaison between myself and the rank and file at the moment. It’s much
easier if I sit here, until I find a suitable candidate.”
He tilted his head, allowing some light to shine on his cheek, illuminating the large, shallow scar on
it—a daily reminder of his birth mother. “Out of curiosity… Do you have any interest in the
position?”
Sawashiro kept his head down. “…If you feel I’ve earned it, boss.”
Arakawa chuckled again. “Hmph. Jo. Relax. It’s just the two of us here. You don’t have to be so
formal.”
Sawashiro’s fingers tightened on his knees. “The truth is, boss… I’ve brought shame to the family.
I’m sorry.”
Arakawa’s face didn’t shift. He simply leaned back in his seat. “Oh, I’m sure it’s not as serious as
you think. But do tell. And stand up straight. Believe me, all of that bowing will bring hell down on
your back when you’re older.”
Sawashiro nodded and straightened out. “As you know, since you assigned me our credit operation,
I’ve prided myself on two things. Timely collections, and repeat business.” He sighed. “On the first
matter… I’ve failed. You remember that gambler who was in here last month, Masato Iori.”
Arakawa nodded. “Mhmm. I remember he only asked you for a small sum. A hundred thousand
yen or so. Thought he’d have no problem paying it back… and you’d have no problem getting it
back.”
Sawashiro clenched his fists. Not in anger at Arakawa. Anger at himself. “Yes… well, he evaded
my collection attempts for quite some time. It turns out he owed a great many other families,
including the Dojima Family.”
Arakawa nodded his head slightly. “And?”

“…And two… boys from the Dojima Family beat me to the punch on collection. And worst of
all… I lost the ensuing fight for the money. They left with everything.”
Arakawa nodded once more, his fingers steepled. “I see.” He then opened a drawer in the captain’s
desk. “That must be… what this is, then,” he finished as he placed an envelope on top of the desk.
Sawashiro froze.
Arakawa’s lip twitched, though not in anger. “The Dojima boys were just here. Gave me this. They
were polite. I haven't bothered counting it, though I assume they skimmed. I certainly would, if the
roles were reversed.”
Sawashiro bowed once more. “I’ve failed you, boss.”
Arakawa sighed. “Jo…”
He stood up and slowly walked around the desk, approaching Sawashiro. “Lift your head, Jo.”
He did not.
Arakawa crossed his arms. “That’s an order.”
Sawashiro exhaled and slowly stood up, but he still wouldn’t meet his eyes.
“What is it that you believe your failure was?” Arakawa asked.
“Sir… I lost to those boys. Those kids.” Sawashiro swallowed. “They conducted business on our
territory, with our clients, and handled our work for us. I allowed the Arakawa Family to be
humiliated.”
Arakawa nodded. “I see. Well… I simply don’t see it that way.”
Sawashiro’s eyes flicked to his boss. “Sir?”
Arakawa shrugged and paced the room. “So you lost a fight. Big deal. It happens all the time. In
fact, the Dojima Family’s been kicking our asses left and right lately. We were late to a land war the
Tojo Clan has going on.”
Sawashiro nodded. “The Kamuro Shopping District.”
“So you’re aware of the situation,” Arakawa said. “A few families invested in real estate around the
complex, and now it seems they’re a few lots short of owning the whole damn district. I tried to get
my hands on that Empty Lot at the center for a bit of leverage, which is why I’ve had you patrol it.
Alas… somebody already owns it.”
Sawashiro tilted his head. “Which family?”
“Not a family,” Arakawa corrected. “It appears the deed is with an individual. Who they are, I
haven’t the foggiest idea. That’s not really the point, though. The point is I was late to the party,
and now I have no leverage. So any deal that comes out of that district… it won’t include our
family. That… was my blunder.”

He shrugged. “But I wouldn’t call it a failure. We lost nothing. We merely didn’t gain. The same
thing happened here. I have no doubt, if you had collected from Iori, we would have profited.”
Sawashiro winced. “Ngh…”
“However… it seems as though the boys returned the principal to us. So although we did not gain
anything… we haven't lost anything, either. And that is its own success. Especially in this town…
nobody is infallible. No, losing to them isn’t a failure. It’s a setback.”
He approached the window and looked out at Kamurocho, or what little of it he could see in his
office’s shitty location. “It’s only a failure… if you fail to learn from the loss. You don’t have to
figure out what the lesson was right away, of course. Sit on it. Ponder it. Just don’t let this loss
remain a loss.”
He turned back to Sawashiro and walked towards him. “Tell me… when you looked at those
boys… what did you see?”
Sawashiro had to think only a minute. “…Well… One of them… He wasn’t anything special.
Seemed like he was just following his kyodai, in all honesty.” He thought of Kiryu. That…
determination in his glare. So young, and yet, already so sure of himself. He hadn’t ever seen it
before. “But the other… Kazuma Kiryu… When I saw him, I almost felt as though I was staring
down… A dragon in the making.”
Arakawa smiled. “You saw it too, didn’t you? Yes, that boy… He’s an interesting one. He’s
committed to this life. And yet… he seems unwilling to allow it to dirty him. That’s a special kind
of dragon. One who holds his head up high… and brings others up with him.
“No, losing to that isn’t a shame at all,” he continued, his voice growing quiet. “The truth is that,
for all of the bravado, most men in this life are walking on eggshells. Watching their step, for fear
of pissing off whoever may impede their climb to the top. It is ironically why so few ever make it
to the top. But a dragon… a dragon needn’t watch his step.”
He put a hand on Sawashiro’s shoulder. “Because when a dragon walks… those with the will to
live clear the way. You would do well to remember that. When faced with that sort of power, you
can’t flinch. The only way to overcome it… is to move forward with certainty. Do you understand,
Jo?”
Sawashiro nodded his head solemnly. “Yes, sir. I won’t fail you again.” The next time I face
Kazuma Kiryu… I won’t lose.
Arakawa smirked. “Good. Now then… Why don’t you accompany Masato and I for dinner? As
punishment for your loss, you can pick up the check. Hah!”
Sawashiro smirked back at him. “Hmph. I would be honored to treat you and the young master.”
Arakawa nodded and led Sawashiro out the door.
***
That day in 1986 remained fresh in Sawashiro’s mind even as the end of 2022 approached.
“Arakawa-san,” he muttered under his breath as he walked through the chilly air of Isezaki Ijincho.
“I’m still failing you. I’m sorry.”

His clouded eyes glanced up at the sign hanging over Survive Bar. “But I’m going to make it right,
someday. I promise.” He gripped the handle and entered the bar.
Sat at the bar were Haruka, Saeko, Nanba, Seonhee, Kaito, and Chihiro Watanabe. They all turned
their attention to the door. “Sawashiro-san,” Haruka said with widened eyes. “Sorry, Kasuga’s out
at the moment.”
Sawashiro bowed his head slightly. “I’m… actually here for you, Sawamura. We need to talk.”
“Jo Sawashiro, I presume,” another voice said to his left. He turned his head to the woman sat
against the window.
“Sae Niijima. Ministry of Justice.” She sipped her coffee. It wasn't as good as Sojiro’s, or Ren’s, for
that matter, but the bartender here still made decent coffee. “I hope you don’t mind me sitting in.
As a matter of fact, the Seiryu Clan’s operations as of late have had me… intrigued.”
Sawashiro raised an eyebrow. “Ministry of Justice… are you a prosecutor?”
“I am.”
Sawashiro glanced at Haruka, then back at Sae. “This… actually works out. Niijima-san… I would
like to confess.”
Sae raised an eyebrow skeptically. “To what, exactly?”
Realizing what he was doing, Haruka stood up. “Sawashiro, don’t.”
“Haruka Sawamura is not the one who murdered Hachiro Sano of the Seiryu Clan,” Sawashiro
said, ignoring her. “It’s me. I killed Hachiro Sano.”
Sae’s eyes narrowed on the man. She almost seemed… amused. “Did you now? That’s interesting.”
She sipped her coffee. “I hate to be the one to tell you this, but that case is out of my hands. For the
time being, anyway.” She gestured to Haruka. “Obviously. In any case… I’d rather talk about your
superior.” Her eyes sharpened, a dangerous look in them. “Masataka Ebina.”
She brought her cup up to her lips, only to realize she was out of coffee. That didn’t help her mood.
She slowly set the cup down on the coaster. “Jo Sawashiro… is it true that Ebina is the true
murderer of Hachiro Sano?”
Sawashiro’s face didn’t shift. “He—.”
“Allow me to rephrase that,” Sae cut him off. “I already know he did it. Everyone in this room
knows it. He knows we know. All I’m missing is proof. So… You wouldn’t happen to have any,
would you?”
Sawashiro again hid what he was thinking. “My own confession is all that I have to offer you. If
you won’t accept that, then there is nothing for us to discuss.”
Sae scoffed. “Always willing to go down with the ship, you yakuza.”
“Better that than a rat,” Kaito chuckled, earning him an annoyed look from Chihiro. “What? It’s
true. I’d have done the same shit for Matsugane. And you know what?” He lifted his mug. “Cheers

to Sawashiro… even if he was trying to kill us a couple of weeks ago. At least there’s some honor
somewhere in that black heart of yours. Can’t say I’d say the same about your boss, though.”
Sawashiro turned his attention to Haruka. “Sawamura. Can we take this outside?”
Nanba scoffed. “Like hell she’s gonna—.”
“Okay,” Haruka said, to everyone else’s shock.
“Haruka!” Saeko hissed. “This guy is a snake!”
“I trust him,” Haruka replied calmly. “Through all of this… he hasn’t been dishonest with us. If
Sawashiro says we need to have a conversation, I’ll indulge.”
Sawashiro bowed his head. “I haven’t earned your trust, Sawamura. But… thank you.”
Haruka nodded. “I’ll be back.”
Haruka followed Sawashiro out, though the tension remained in the room.
“Haruka…” Saeko said softly, worry creeping into her voice.

Chapter 107: Dragonfish
“Do you mind if I smoke?”
“Not at all.”
Sawashiro placed a cigarette between his lips and held a flame to the end. He flicked the lighter
closed, and blew smoke over the railing of Hamakita park, over the Tokyo Bay. Cosmo Clock 21 lit
up the night sky in the distance.
He glanced at Haruka and held his pack out. “Do you smoke?” he asked.
“I don’t.”
Sawashiro chuckled, pocketed the pack and lighter, and took another drag. “I gotta say,
Sawamura… I almost admire you.”
“Oh?”
“Your life’s been in the pits since you were born,” he said. “The illegitimate child of a
psychopath… an orphan on paper, as long as you can remember… Since you were nine, violence
and tragedy followed you wherever you went.” He chuckled again, a little drier this time. “And yet,
you won’t even allow yourself the smallest of vices. How come?”
Haruka nodded and leaned up against the railing. “I would like to say it’s because I want to set a
good example for Haruto. I don’t want to do anything I wouldn’t want him doing. But… that isn’t
really it. I haven't exactly been the best mom these last few weeks, anyway.”
She took a deep breath. “It’s because… I want to be at my best, even when everything around me is
at its worst. If I let hardship compromise my values… are they even really my values?”
Sawashiro nodded. “That’s a special kind of dragon,” he muttered as he took another drag of his
cigarette. “One who holds their head up high, no matter what. Arakawa told me that, once.”
Haruka smiled softly. “He was important to you, wasn’t he? You and Ichiban, both.”
“He was our boss,” Sawashiro replied, a hint of melancholic nostalgia in his voice. He didn’t deny
what Haruka had said, though he seemed to have little interest in validating it. “…Today marks
three years since he was killed.”
Haruka’s smile dropped. “…I’m sorry.”
“He was killed… right here. Looking out across the Tokyo Bay, like we are tonight. Didn’t even
see it coming.”
Haruka slowly turned to look at Sawashiro, her brow furrowing. “He didn’t see it coming? That
means…”
“He was gunned down point blank,” Sawashiro continued, his eyes narrowing and his gaze
flickering to her. “Lured out here by someone he trusted… and shot.” He studied her for a moment.

Then, he looked away. “It was almost me. The one who killed him.” He closed his eyes. “The
Young Master asked me to do it. The boss's role in the Great Dissolution had hindered his plot to
seize control of all Japan through a series of security-related power grabs. Not unlike what
Yamamoto is doing today.”
His cigarette had burned down to the filter. Rather than toss it into the ocean, he simply dropped it
on the ground beneath him and stamped out the remaining flames. “I refused that order. I refused to
kill the man who had given everything to him, who had been more of a father to him than I
could’ve ever hoped to be. That was the moment I lost the Young Master’s trust.”
He leaned back against the railing and just… stared at the skyline. At the bright lights of Minato
Mirai, so much cleaner than the sultry neon of Kamurocho that he was used to. “…It was a dumb
decision, to come out here with me alone. Those are the sorts of decisions that get people killed. I
wonder… why have I been afforded that level of trust?”
Haruka didn’t answer immediately. When she did… it was with a shrug. “Honestly… When you
bowed, the first time we met after you had framed me… that’s what sold me. You wouldn’t stake
your honor as a yakuza on deceit.”
“A lot of yakuza would,” Sawashiro countered.
“You wouldn’t.”
“If you say so.” He didn’t seem convinced himself. “Next, the Young Master ordered me to redeem
myself… by assassinating the Seiryu Clan’s Chairman.”
“You didn’t do that either,” Haruka said. It wasn’t a question.
“Don’t make me out to be some kind of saint.” Sawashiro scoffed. “If I had gotten there in time, I
would've killed him. …Somebody beat me to it.”
Haruka furrowed her brow. “Who did?”
“No idea,” Sawashiro sighed. “I doubt I’ll ever know. Some no-name assassin the Young Master
must’ve sent ahead of me. Shot Chairman Hoshino dead before I ever got there. It appeared… I had
run out of chances, and had intentionally been sent into a trap. I arrived to find an empty room,
with only the Chairman’s corpse slumped in his seat, and a recently fired gun on his table.” He
glanced at her out of the corner of his eye. “One bullet left in the chamber. The police were on the
way. Ichi was too. There’s only one person it could have been meant for. One last order from the
Young Master.”
Haruka looked down at the sea below. “…That’s awful…” she muttered sadly.
“In the end, I waited in the trap that had been set for me,” he continued. “I was a dead man
walking, either way. If Ichi didn’t kill me for all the shit I put him through… and if I didn’t do the
job myself… one of the Young Master’s assassins would put an end to me in my prison cell. I
didn’t care what happened to me anymore, so… I waited for whatever would come.”
His eyes snapped shut. “I learned a few days later that the Young Master had been killed.
Apparently, Ichi had been that close to talking him down… when one of his own proteges
assassinated him.”

Slowly, he exhaled. “I was in custody at the time, having confessed to Hoshino’s murder. So I
didn’t get to see his body. I didn’t even get to attend the funeral, for him, or for the boss. I didn’t get
to say goodbye to either my patriarch… or to my only son.”
“Why confess to Hoshino’s murder if you didn’t do it?” Haruka asked.
“What would you have done, if you had just lost the only two things you cared about? I simply
didn’t care anymore.” His eyes flitted to the Hikawa Maru, docked on the nearby pier. “…Hikawa
Maru… That was the boss’s old family, you know. The Hikawa Family. Before he went
independent. He had been betrothed to the patriarch’s daughter. But… he was in love with another.”
Haruka’s eyes widened in realization. “Ichiban’s mom…”
Sawashiro nodded. “Akane Kishida. She worked at Shangri-La, a soapland he went to in
Kamurocho… and he fell in love with her, and rejected the power that would have come with
marrying a yakuza patriarch’s daughter. The entire family could have been his… but he was
unwilling to leave Akane.
“Akane soon became pregnant with Ichiban. Hikawa found out about it on the eve Akane was due.
He was… less than pleased. The way the boss tells the story, the family beat the shit out of him…
and then went after Akane.” He sighed. “She gave birth. Left the baby in the same coin lockers I
had left Masato in, to try and buy him some time while the boss… dealt with the Hikawa Family.
You probably know the rest. They got switched. The boss got Masato. Ichi was found by Jiro
Kasuga, the owner of Shangri-La, and grew up an orphan.”
“And… Akane?”
Sawashiro didn’t answer. A look of guilt passed over his face. It seemed he knew more than he was
letting on, but Haruka knew better than to press on it. “She’s gone,” he said finally. “That’s all you
need to know.”
“You know that for certain?”
“Yes,” he answered sharply.
Haruka thought about something else. “So… if you confessed to Hoshino’s murder… How are you
here now? Niijima-san makes it seem like a confession is all it takes to lock you up and throw away
the key.”
“It is,” Sawashiro replied. “Usually. I confessed. I had a trial. I was found guilty. Probably
would’ve died in prison… had it not been for Ebina.”
He looked back across the bay, his eyes focusing on Cosmo Clock—really the only thing in the
distant skyline he could make out clearly with his cataracts clouding his vision. “Ebina paid for
lawyers. Damn good lawyers, too. I didn't know why, I didn’t even know the guy. He had my case
reviewed. Forensic evidence proved I couldn’t have been the killer. I was freed earlier this year…
and Ebina waited for me outside those gates.”
He remembered leaving Githabul Prison. He stepped through the gates shortly after his release was
ordered, wearing the same thing he went in with—minus his Arakawa Family pin, as he was now
criminally homeless. The gate door slid shut behind him with a clang. His eyes narrowed.

Standing directly across the street, smoking a cigarette… was him. Masataka Ebina. “Jo
Sawashiro!” Ebina called out with a raised hand as he smothered the cigarette beneath his heel
and crossed the road. “Welcome back to the outside world. Smell that fresh air.”
Sawashiro just stared at him. His eyes flitted to Ebina’s lapel. He wore a Seiryu Clan pin. “…
Thanks,” he muttered, as he turned and walked the other way.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Ebina asked.
“Home.”
“Ah. You have one?” Ebina chuckled and stepped forward. “Forgive me for assuming, but I was
under the impression that your assets had been seized… and with the collapse of the Tokyo Omi
Alliance, well, you don’t exactly have a business to get back to, either.”
Sawashiro stopped walking and sighed. “What’s your game?”
Ebina tilted his head. “I’m sorry?”
Sawashiro turned to glare at Ebina. “I killed your Chairman. At least, that’s what the whole world
believed, until this morning. So why’d you put so much time and money into freeing me? What do
you have to gain?”
Ebina smiled thinly. “Walk with me, Sawashiro.” He put his arm around Sawashiro’s shoulder;
Sawashiro promptly shook him off.
“Touch me again and the whole arm comes off,” he growled.
Ebina held his hands up. “Easy, there.” They started walking down the road. “So, Sawashiro… You
and your patriarch, Masumi Arakawa… you were close, yeah?”
Sawashiro’s face didn’t shift. “He was my boss.”
“The two of you were on opposing sides at the end, there. Weren’t you?”
Sawashiro clenched his fists. “He helped dissolve the Tojo and the Omi. I disagreed with the
decision. Then he died. I took what was left of the family over and tried to rebuild.”
“Did you now?” Ebina asked. “Heh. That’s interesting. Did you really disagree? Or did Ryo Aoki
disagree for you?”
Sawashiro stopped and turned, glaring at Ebina. “Excuse me?”
“Here’s the thing, Sawashiro. I didn’t actually care whether or not you killed Chairman Hoshino,”
Ebina explained. “It helps that you didn’t. But that’s not why I sprung you.”
“Then why did you?” Sawashiro asked. “Why not just let me rot in peace?”
“Well… I need your help with something.” Ebina’s smile returned. “How badly… would you like to
see Masumi Arakawa’s last wish fulfilled?”
Back in the present, Haruka nodded. “Ah. The Dissolution cleanup. You were close to Arakawa, so
he knew you’d do anything to see it through.”

Sawashiro nodded back. “Without Ebina… I can’t make Arakawa’s dream a reality. So you can see
why I can’t let Ebina go to prison.” He looked back out across the bay. “If I have to go in his stead,
then so be it. At the end of all of this… either I’m going to prison for Sano’s murder… or you are.”
He sighed. “I’d rather it not be you.”
With a sideways glance at her, he continued, “But that’s not why I called you out here. You already
know most of this.” He clenched his fists. “The truth is… the Seiryu Clan betrayed you. Or planned
to. Once you had decapitated the Saio Triad in Osaka, their branch in Kamurocho was bound to
collapse on their own.
“Ebina… we planned to hand you over to Yamamoto, the second you were back in Kanto, and form
an alliance with Bleach Japan. The hope was that we could absorb all of the yakuza that Yamamoto
had recruited back into the Seiryu Clan, so that our numbers would include most of Tokyo’s
yakuza. That way, when we dissolved and reincorporated as a legitimate company… most of
Tokyo’s yakuza would be saved.”
He sighed. “We deemed you a worthy sacrifice for that outcome. I’m sorry.”
Haruka scoffed. “Why are you apologizing? It was all Ebina.”
Sawashiro did not dispute this. “Your wellbeing is my responsibility. I roped you into all of this to
begin with.”
“I roped her into it, actually,” another voice said as it approached them. Haruka and Sawashiro
turned to the source of the interruption.
“Chihiro,” Haruka said softly.
The woman in question crossed her arms. “Or have you forgotten that the only reason you needed
to go to Osaka in the first place was because of me, sister?”
“Watanabe,” Sawashiro greeted. “Yes, I had noticed that the two of you came back together. I
suppose it’s none of my business, but…”
“But you expected her to kill me, right?” Chihiro asked.
Sawashiro nodded slowly. “Not her specifically. But yeah. I didn’t think you’d make it out of that
situation alive, all things considered.”
“Well, don’t count your chickens yet,” she replied with a scoff. “More than one group still wants
me dead. I’ll be lucky if I live to see the new year.” Her eyes narrowed on him. “Arakawa Family,
right? That’s who you served. Tell me… were you involved in the purge of Kamurocho, after Little
Asia was burned to the ground?”
Sawashiro stared at her, then turned and looked back out at the sea. “2017, right? Early 2018? No. I
wasn’t. Not personally. But I did order it, as part of our gambit to stabilize Kamurocho after our
defection to the Omi Alliance. We evicted many Chinese in the aftermath of the fire… and yes,
some died. You can hate me for it if you wish.”
“Well, good.” Chihiro stepped closer. “You know, I wasn’t sorry to hear Arakawa had been killed. I
was sorry that I wasn’t the one to do it. What you yakuza did to the people of that community… is
unforgivable. If you ask me, the entire institution deserves to burn to the ground.”

Pulling a cigarette out of her jacket and lighting it, she continued “The yakuza don’t deserve
legitimacy. They deserve death. In my opinion, anyway. I know my sister would disagree.”
Haruka sighed. “Chihiro… you have more in common with the yakuza than you like to let on.”
Chihiro nodded. “Yeah. I know. We’re all trying to make the best of a bad situation. Most of us,
anyway.” She took another drag of her cigarette. “But… the Seiryu Clan was working with
Yamamoto. And you don’t have to look too far back in your history books to see where people like
Yamamoto led us. So why the fuck should we trust you and Ebina?”
“You shouldn’t,” Sawashiro admitted. “But all three of us have a common enemy.”
Haruka raised an eyebrow. “Who?”
Sawashiro looked at her seriously. “…Yamamoto.”
Haruka’s eyes widened. “What? But—.”
“He screwed us,” yet another voice said. Ebina approached the group.
Haruka’s fingers tightened on the railing, her eyes narrowing. “Tch. Ebina…”
“Here’s the deal, Sawamura,” Ebina continued. “Yes. We planned to sell you to the highest bidder.
Don’t look so shocked. We’re yakuza. We steal. We kill. We sell our allies out. That’s it. Any
pretenses of honor are bullshit.”
Sawashiro shook his head subtly. “Hmph…”
“Yamamoto went back on our deal,” Ebina continued. “Once the Saio were out of Kamurocho, we
were supposed to flood the streets. Pull Yamamoto’s people back under our banner. Instead, he
turned Bleach Japan on us. He must pay for that.”
“I’m not your personal assassin,” Haruka scoffed as she turned away from him. “You wanted me to
kill Goro Majima, too, didn’t you?”
Ebina chuckled. “You overestimate how competent I believe you to be. That Ichiban Kasuga on the
other hand…” His fists tightened. “He can get the job done.”
Sawashiro exhaled through his nose. “Ebina… we agreed I would handle this. And Ichi’s not going
to kill Yamamoto. It’s not his style. No, if we’re going to do this, we need everyone. We need Ichi.
We need Haruka. And we need Sae Niijima.” With a chuckle, he added “Daigo Dojima and his
executives would help, too.”
“Executives?” Chihiro asked.
Sawashiro nodded. “Goro Majima and Taiga Saejima. Many of the men in Bleach Japan used to be
their men. They looked up to them. And I’d be willing to bet they’re more loyal to Majima and
Saejima than they ever will be to Yamamoto. The ones who matter, anyway. Problem is, Majima’s
the only one who’s been seen since their security company went belly-up. And in any case…
they’re not going to do us any favors.”
He turned to Haruka. “You, on the other hand…”

“What makes you think they’d listen to me?” Haruka asked. “Majima-san is the only one I’ve even
spoken to since my husband passed, and…”
“You’re the Fourth Chairman’s daughter,” Sawashiro reasoned. “Look… even Arakawa believed
you commanded their respect.”
Haruka’s eyes widened. “Huh?”
Sawashiro turned back around, staring at Cosmo Clock once more. “The boss once said… There's
only one man who could order those three around. Kazuma Kiryu.” Sawashiro glanced at her.
“After the Fourth Chairman’s funeral, he told me he met you there.”
“Arakawa… ah! That was who was sitting next to me and Majima-san!” Haruka realized. “That
man… was Masumi Arakawa?”
Sawashiro nodded as he recounted the conversation.
“I met a rather peculiar girl today, Jo.”
Sawashiro didn’t look up from the money he was counting. “Is that so?”
Arakawa nodded. “Yes. Haruka Sawamura. The Fourth Chairman’s daughter.”
Sawashiro paused briefly. “She was at the funeral, then? Wouldn’t have expected a civilian to be
invited.”
“The Sixth Chairman holds her in very high regard,” Arakawa revealed. “In fact, she sat with the
patriarchs. Between myself and Goro Majima.”
“Are you serious?”
“Quite serious.” Arakawa paused. “Jo… do you recall, about thirty years ago, when you met the
Fourth Chairman in his youth?”
“Yeah. Something about a collection.”
“Something about him kicking your ass,” the old man corrected with a chuckle. “At the time, you
told me that he was like a dragon. And, having met him myself, I agreed with you. Sure enough, he
would later become known as the Dragon of Dojima.”
A serious look entered his old eyes. “Jo… I felt the same feeling when I gazed upon his daughter.
Haruka Sawamura… has inherited the spirit of the dragon. And from the ashes of the Dragon… she
will rise like a phoenix.”
Ebina scoffed upon hearing this story. “I think Masumi Arakawa was going senile.”
“You’re continuing his dissolution plans,” Sawashiro shot back. “So it doesn’t matter what you
think. Haruka may just be the most crucial piece of this puzzle.”
He turned back to her. “Haruka… I’m sorry to put so much on your shoulders. But in order to take
down Yamamoto… We need Daigo Dojima and the others. And I truly believe… that you are the
only one who can bring them onboard.”

Sawashiro looked directly into her eyes. “Because the only person that Dojima has ever bowed
to… was a dragon.”

Chapter 108: Ichiban Kasuga Does It Again
“So… Sawashiro really said all that to you, huh?” Kasuga asked as he sipped his drink.
Kashiwagi had gone home for the night, leaving the party to look after the bar. A few coins and
bills sat neatly on the corner, payment for the Suntory they opened in his absence.
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. He called me a dragon, said I was the only one Daigo Dojima would listen
to. Obviously, he doesn’t know Uncle Kaz is still alive, or else he would have simply asked him to
do it.”
Saeko drew a lit cigarette up to her mouth and took a drag, exhaling towards the open window and
tapping ash into her ash tray. “Wonder what his game is…” she muttered.
Kasuga crossed his arms. “Hm. You know… I think his game is exactly what he told Haruka-chan.
I think he was being straight-up with her.”
“Seriously?” Nanba asked incredulously. “It’s Sawashiro.”
“He’s been honest with us so far…” Haruka admitted.
“No, actually, he hasn’t,” Adachi chuckled. “He was going to sell you up the river. You literally just
said he admitted it.”
“I don’t think he knew about that part of the plan when he first sent us to Sotenbori,” Haruka said.
“I think he was tricked, and decided to own it to protect Ebina. It would make sense with… well,
everything else he’s done so far. Besides… at least he was honest about selling us out?”
“Oh, well, that makes me feel better,” Adachi remarked.
“I’m with Haruka-chan on this one,” Kasuga affirmed. “Captain Sawashiro… Look, think what you
want about him. I certainly have my own feelings. But… he ain’t the type to bullshit us about
something like this. And… I kinda think he has a point. If the leaders of the Tojo Clan hold her in
such high esteem… Then a lot of those ex-yakuza that Yamamoto scooped up will follow suit.”
“So, what, we just give Majima a call and ask him to put us in touch with the Sixth Chairman?”
Kaito asked with a chuckle.
“It’s not that simple,” Haruka said, shaking her head. “When we last saw Majima in Sotenbori, he
didn’t exactly leave a phone number. He just… appeared. And then disappeared.” She sighed.
“Sometimes I think he enjoys how hard we have to work to find him.”
Haruka looked around the bar. Sae, Zhao, Joongi, and Seonhee were nowhere to be found, and
Yagami and Sugiura were missing too. “…Where is everyone, anyway?”
“While you were gone, Niijima hooked up with our underworld buddies and asked for a tour of
Ijincho. Koreatown and Restaurant Row, in particular,” Kaito said, his smirk widening into a grin.
“Basically all the places where unsavory individuals such as ourselves might be found.”
“And they were… okay with that?”

Kaito shrugged. “Seonhee doesn’t care—Niijima’s got no jurisdiction here. Besides, she gives me
the vibe that she’s more interested in building alliances than narcing. Actually… I was startin’ to
wonder if maybe she runs in some pretty hardcore crowds herself.
“As for Tak and Sugiura, they met up with Akiyama, Tsukumo, and Amasawa back at Yokohama
99.” He chuckled. “Heh. It is killin’ Tak not to spill the beans about Kiryu. I can tell.”
“Have you heard from Higashi at all?” Saeko asked.
Kaito frowned. “…No. And it’s startin’ to worry me. He’s been blowing off all of my calls since we
got back to Ijincho. That ain’t like him.” He sighed. “But… I can’t exactly go back to Kamurocho,
with the warrants on me and Haruka-chan. So I just gotta trust that things’ll turn out okay.”
Chihiro crossed her arms in the corner of the room. “Hmph. How do you know he didn’t sell you
out?”
The group turned to her. “‘Scuse me?” Kaito asked.
“I mean… Bleach Japan is recruiting ex-yakuza, aren’t they?” Chihiro shrugged. “Higashi is an exyakuza, and he’s close to you. If I was Yamamoto, I’d set my sights on him.”
Kaito shook his head. “Nah. Not him. Not Higashi. He’s not a rat.”
Chihiro didn’t look convinced. “When will you yakuza understand that all of that ‘honor’ talk is
bullshit? Most of you’d take the easiest way out if you had the chance.”
“Well he had that chance,” Kaito argued back. “Four years ago. We were on opposite sides of a
conspiracy that stretched from the Tojo Clan to the Ministry of Health. Tak, Sugiura and me against
every power player in the city. But when it mattered, Higashi chose us, even though all of
Kamurocho was against us. And he never looked back.”
“Must be nice, to be so naive…” Chihiro scoffed.
Kaito stared at her for a moment, before rolling his eyes and turning to Haruka with a sideways
grin. “Seriously—did she just get all the downer genes or what?”
“I think I’m gonna chalk this up to nurture over nature,” Nanba said with a slight smirk.
The door chime rang as Kiryu and Taichi stepped into the bar. “Anyone home?” Kiryu said dryly.
“Kiryu-san,” Kasuga greeted. “Hey. Learn anything?”
Kiryu sighed and leaned against the bar, while Taichi moved to sit near Chihiro. “Nothing useful,
except that there are more yakuza in the police than in prison these days.”
Haruka tilted her head. “Uh… what’s with the haircut, Uncle Kaz?”
Indeed, Kiryu’s hair had once again been styled into a bowl cut. Additionally, he wore sunglasses,
despite it being the dead of night. He snorted. “We went into Kamurocho. Too many people there
know my face, so I had to take precautions. Stupid haircut and all.”
“Kamurocho, eh?” Kaito replied. “How bad is it?”

Kiryu shrugged. “Honestly, it seemed like business as usual. A lot of hype is building about the
grand re-opening of Little Asia. It’s supposed to be tomorrow.”
Chihiro looked up at him. “…Any signs of trouble there?”
Kiryu shook his head. “None that I could see. Although, there were some Chinese gangsters
hanging out nearby… Saio Triad, presumably.”
“Or what’s left of Mabuchi’s guys,” Chihiro pointed out. “They were planning to split from the
main branch. Plans probably got accelerated after we got involved… They probably can’t go back
to the mainland with the shit Mabuchi pulled anyway. Little Asia’s reconstruction was financed
under the table to give Mabuchi a seat at the table for Yamamoto’s Kamurocho redevelopment
plan.”
Kiryu clicked his tongue. “Tch. Figures.” He looked around the bar. “…So… have you guys just
been sitting around drinking this whole time?”
Nanba shook his head. “N-no!”
“Yeah,” Kaito said at the same time, earning him a glare from both Nanba and Adachi. “…You
want me to lie?”
Kiryu smirked slightly. “Hmph. Maybe I’ll sit on my ass for a bit, too,” he said with a sigh as he sat
at the bar, next to Kasuga, who stared into his drink. “…Something on your mind, Kasuga?”
Kasuga looked up. “Huh? Oh, uh, no, nothing, Kiryu-san. Just… spacing out, I guess.” He glanced
at Haruka, who raised her eyebrows. Her eyes darted to Kiryu… and then she subtly tilted her head
towards him. She widened her eyes at Kasuga in an attempt to communicate with him, then tilted
her head towards Kiryu again.
Kasuga frowned. “You feelin’ alright, Haruka-chan?”
This drew quiet groans from everyone nearby, though Kiryu seemed not to notice. Adachi dragged
his hand over his face. “Dude…”
Saeko poured Kiryu a whiskey and handed it to him, the single large ice cube crackling in the
liquid. “We paid for the whole bottle, so drink up, Kiryu-san,” she chuckled.
Kiryu nodded. “Thank you, Saeko,” he muttered as he sipped the drink. “Niijima-san around?”
“She’s out at the moment,” Kasuga mumbled, still staring into his drink. “Why?”
“Daidoji stuff,” Kiryu answered. “Not your burden to bear.”
Kasuga nodded. “Mm.” Not my burden, huh? he thought to himself. Perhaps it was time to change
that. He chugged his drink, the liquor burning his throat, and stood up.
Kiryu noticed. “Hm? Kasuga, everything alright?”
“Yeah,” Kasuga said as he walked to the window. “Just thinkin’ about some things.”
“Well, you’ve got about a dozen ears in the room if you need them,” Kiryu replied with a dry
chuckle.

“Thanks, Kiryu-san,” Kasuga replied. “You’re all always there for me, whether I deserve it or not.”
He clenched his fists as he stared out the window, into the quiet streets of the Bar District. “You
know, Kiryu-san… you’ve been there for me at the times I deserved it the least. Three years ago,
when you… stopped me from killin’ that guy. I still haven’t ever repaid you for that.”
He took a deep breath. “Back when I was in the Tojo Clan… I had this kind of vision of what kind
of a yakuza I wanted to be.” He turned around to face Kiryu, who had turned in his seat with a
raised eyebrow. “I wanted to be a hero. I wanted to be a voice for the downtrodden, a fist for the
weak… I wanted to be the guy everyone could count on.” He stepped forward. “Kiryu-san… the
yakuza I wanted to be… it’s basically who you are. You know? When I think about who I wanted
to be back then… I picture a guy who’s exactly like you.”
Kasuga chuckled. “I really don’t know where I’d be right now if it wasn’t for you. If I had…
crossed that line. Maybe I’d be the same. Maybe… I wouldn’t. Maybe I’d be dead. What I’m tryin’
to say is… I might owe my life to you, Kiryu-san. And that’s why… I want to make it my life's
mission... to bear your burdens.”
Kiryu’s eyes narrowed. “What exactly are you saying, Kasuga?”
“I’m saying… Even though neither of us are yakuza anymore, and we’re both old farts… Kiryusan… I… I want to be someone you can count on. No matter what.” He clenched his fists even
tighter and swallowed. “Kiryu-san… Will…” He snapped his eyes shut and bowed his head deeply.
“Will you swear an oath of brotherhood with me?!”
Kiryu stared at him. Everyone else stared at Kiryu. Haruka held her breath. Kaito raised a scarred
eyebrow in interest.
Kasuga didn’t dare move an inch. He just stayed as he was, bowing deeply to the man he owed his
life to.
Kiryu didn’t respond. His face didn’t shift. And after a tense moment… he stood up.
Kasuga tensed.
Kiryu simply walked past him.
Kasuga slowly lifted his head. “Kiryu…san…?”
Kiryu walked back to the door. He didn’t appear angry, but he didn’t seem very happy, either.
In fact, there was no emotion on his face at all. He gripped the handle and pulled the door open.
Haruka stood up. “Uncle Kaz…?”
Kiryu paused. “…I’m gonna find Niijima. Talk about that important stuff I mentioned. I’ll be back
later.” He stepped out, shutting the door behind him.
Kasuga looked distraught. “Kiryu-san…? K-Kiryu-san!” he called out as he ran to the door.
“Ah! Kasuga!” Haruka called out as she followed him, leaving the party sitting in silence.
“…Alright, pay up, Nanba,” Adachi said quietly. “I won the bet.” He did not seem pleased.

Nanba sighed as he dug for his wallet. “Yeah, yeah…”

Chapter 109: The Dragon and the Koi
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Kiryu-san!”
Kasuga burst out of Survive, frantically looking around the area, trying to find Kiryu in the
shadows of the Bar District. “Kiryu-san! Oh, man, I screwed up again!” He walked around the
corner, eyes wide. “Kiryu-san?!”
His eyes settled on a nearby vending machine. “K-Kiryu-san!” He quickly shuffled over to the
vending machine, looking behind it, as if Kiryu would be hiding in the small crack between the
machine and the wall. He then fell to his knees, searching underneath the machine.
All he found was a ¥500 coin, which would have been nice three years ago, but did not help him
now. There was no sign of Kazuma Kiryu.
Kasuga stood up, put his face in his hands and groaned. “Goddamn it… You idiot! How the hell
can I be this bad at this?!”
Haruka stepped out after him. “Ichiban…”
Kasuga hung his head with a huff. “Haruka-chan… I think I give up. I’m waving the white flag.
Kiryu-san doesn’t wanna be my brother… Sa-chan doesn’t wanna marry me... I’m 0 for 2! I’m just
gonna cheer from the sidelines.” He stared up at the sky, tears in his eyes. “Make them happy for
me, will ya, Haruka-chan?”
Haruka crossed her arms. “Kasuga, that’s a bit dramatic. You’re spiraling.”
“My life is a drama.” Kasuga’s eyes widened. “No… a tragedy! Or maybe it’s a comedy, and God
is laughing at me. But I sure as hell don’t find it funny.”
Haruka sighed. “Kasuga… come on, that wasn’t your fault. I already told you… this is a touchy
subject for Uncle Kaz… and not just because of Nishikiyama.”
Various faces flashed in Haruka’s mind. Nishikiyama. Yumi. Shinji and Reina. Rikiya…
She sighed. “The truth is… I think he’s scared.”
Kasuga slowly lowered his head from its sky bound orientation and looked at Haruka, his brow
furrowing. “Scared… Of me? Come on. Be real, Haruka-chan.”
Haruka shook her head. “That’s… not quite what I meant.”
“Eh?”
“The thing is… he’s walked alone a lot of his life,” Haruka explained. “Since before I was born, I
think. Ever since he first took the fall for a crime his brother committed… Bad things have
happened to people he let into his life. I’ve seen a lot of it… and seen the toll it took on him.”

She remembered the look on his face after Rikiya had been taken to the hospital. How he just…
shut down when they told him there was nothing they could do.
Rikiya had taken a bullet for Kiryu. For his aniki. As far as Kiryu was concerned, his blood was on
his hands. He didn’t even let himself grieve. He boarded Joji Kazama’s jet and went straight to
Tokyo to face Yoshitaka Mine. And as far as Haruka knew, that was the last time he ever truly let
anyone in.
Kasuga’s eyes softened. He nodded in understanding. “I guess I get it. He thinks he’s cursed or
somethin’.” He clenched his fists. “But you know what? I don’t give a damn about that. I ain’t
scared! Hell, that’s what brotherhood is! I wanna stand by his side. For all of it.”
“That’s exactly what he’s afraid of,” Haruka said softly. “The last man who pledged himself to
Uncle Kaz…”
“He ain’t around anymore, right?” Kasuga asked. “Look, I get it, but…” He trailed off as he heard a
man coughing nearby. It sounded… like Kiryu. “Huh?”
He walked over to Survive’s other corner. Sitting alone on the bench in the public park next door,
smoking a cigarette, was Kazuma Kiryu clearing his throat. It appeared he had inhaled some ash,
alerting Kasuga and Haruka to his presence. “Tch… damn it…”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “K-Kiryu-san!”
Kiryu glanced up, irritation flickering behind his gaze. He clearly did not want to be found. He
nodded his head slightly. “...Kasuga.”
He stared at the floor silently for a moment. He drew the cigarette back up to his lips and took a
drag. As he exhaled smoke, he asked “Kasuga… do you have any idea what you asked me back
there?”
Kasuga frowned and nodded. “Yeah. I do. And I know… I know that I put you on the spot like that,
in front of everyone. I’m sorry about that.” He stepped forward. “And I know you’ve been let down
in the past. You’ve been hurt in the past. And I’m sorry about that too.” He clenched his fists. “But
I ain’t sorry for what I said. Because I meant damn every word.”
Kasuga took a deep breath… then exhaled. “Kiryu-san. You’ve gone your entire life shouldering
your own burdens. Refusing to rely on anyone else… because you wanted to protect them. And
that’s noble.” He steeled himself and stepped forward once more. “It’s also cowardly.”
Kiryu’s gaze shot up to Kasuga, his eyes narrowing. “What?”
Kasuga refused to back down. “Running from people who wanna stand by you… that’s all it is, at
the end of the day. Running. If you genuinely, truly don’t feel the same connection with me that I
feel with you, then say that.” He smirked. “But I bet you won’t. I don’t think you can. Because
avoidance is one thing… but you’re not a liar.”
Kiryu flicked his cigarette away and stood up. “Kasuga… be very, very careful about what you say
next.”
Unlike the last time Kiryu stood against him, Kasuga didn’t shrink. He held firm. “I don’t got
nothing else to say,” Kasuga replied, his eyes narrowing dangerously. “You heard me loud and

clear. Didn’t you?”
“I was thinking I might have misheard you. So… run it back for me again.” Kiryu’s eyes hardened.
“I think… I just heard you call me a coward. Am I wrong?”
Kasuga’s smirk didn’t falter. “Yeah. I guess you did mishear. I didn’t say you were a coward.” His
smirk widened. “I said you were acting like one.”
Kiryu grabbed his collar. “Are you trying to piss me off?”
Kasuga closed his eyes and took a deep breath. “I’ve never won a fight against you, Kiryu-san.” He
opened his eyes, a dangerous look in them, and grinned. “So… that’ll be my proof. That I’m ready
to bear your burdens. If we fight… and I win… then you take that oath with me. If you win, I’ll
drop it. Deal? Or you gonna run from that too?”
With a growl, Kiryu shoved Kasuga away and turned his back to him, clenching his fists. “…
You’re an idiot, Kasuga.” Then… he pulled his sunglasses off, dropped them on the ground, and
ran his hands through his hair, slicking it back from the bowl cut. “But I’ve never backed down
from a challenge.”
He gripped his left sleeve and threw his shirt off in one motion, exposing his dragon irezumi. He
turned back to Kasuga, fire in his eyes… and also, a hint of satisfaction.
As if he enjoyed this.
“I accept your challenge, Ichiban Kasuga,” Kiryu said. “On your terms. Just know that if you truly
want to go through with this… If you really think you’re ready to climb that waterfall… I don’t
intend to go easy on you.”
Kasuga smirked. “Hmph. Wouldn’t want it any other way.” He threw his shirt and jacket off,
revealing his dragonfish irezumi. “You’re the ref, Haruka-chan.”
Haruka smiled and nodded. “Heh. Good luck, Ichiban.” Then, with a mildly worried look in her
eyes, she stared at Kiryu. “…You’re definitely gonna need it. Uh. Try not to die.”
Kasuga grinned and took a few steps back. “Heh. Alright then! Come at me… Kazuma Kiryu!”
With a yell, he ran at Kiryu.
Kiryu broke out into his own sprint, a fist raised. “Kasuga!”
Kiryu’s fist connected with Kasuga’s thick skull.
Kasuga’s own fist connected with Kiryu’s chin.
Blood spewed from both of their mouths.
The battle was on.

Chapter End Notes

https://youtu.be/HPM4ApOmNtI

Chapter 110: Rolling Eyes Fall Down the Waterfall
The sound of fist on flesh echoed through the parking lot.
Kazuma Kiryu and Ichiban Kasuga stood perfectly still, their muscles tensing but their bodies
refusing to move as each one tanked a punch to the face from the other. Kiryu’s eyes narrowed
slightly, pain flickering behind them. Kasuga’s grin refused to falter, even as he twitched and
grunted.
Finally, Kiryu made the first move, bringing his other fist into an uppercut, which Kasuga quickly
dodged with a backwards hop.
“If you want to die…” Kiryu growled, “…then step up!” It was a phrase he repeated often, usually
to punks who were in way over their heads.
Ichiban Kasuga was his friend, but he was also both of the above.
Ichiban’s vision shifted, his hallucinations kicked in and Kiryu transformed, and the battle had
begun in earnest.
Haruka stood off to the side, hands behind her back, leaning forward in interest, wondering who
she should root for. On one hand, Kiryu raised her, and she spent years rooting for him in fights (a
thought that, she realized, was not indicative of a typical childhood).
On the other hand… Kasuga had sort of earned this, no?
So, she decided, screw it, she’d root for the underdog today.
Just this once.
“Hey, Haruka-chan,” Kasuga said, glancing at her.
“Hm?”
“Don’t even think about backseating, you hear?”
Haruka blinked. “…Excuse me?”
“This here fight’s between me and Kiryu-san,” he said with a chuckle. “And I wanna win fair and
square. So don’t be shouting any hints from the sidelines, ‘kay?”
Haruka nodded. “Of course.” She smirked and crossed her arms. “Wouldn’t dream of it.”
Kiryu started the fight in his familiar Dragon stance, while Kasuga for once fought completely
unarmed, discarding his Hero job for Freelancer. He moved first, winding up and throwing a heavy
punch at Kiryu; Kiryu dodged easily, slipping to the side. Miss!
“You’ll have to try harder,” Kiryu said with a slight smirk as he attacked Kasuga with a basic rush
combo. Kasuga was able to block, but it still hurt like hell. He retaliated with a dropkick; again,
Kiryu dodged.

“Man, knock it off with the fancy footwork, old man!” Kasuga growled as he stood back up, though
he still grinned. “This is a fight, not a dance competition.”
Haruka tilted her head. “You both would lose that fight…” she muttered.
“Don’t be so sure,” Kiryu replied. “After all… I had some moves back in my Dojima Family days.”
Haruka shook her head. “I don’t think your days at the disco would be much help in a dance battle
today.”
Kiryu grunted. That… was a critical hit.
A critical hit to his pride, and a stat debuff waiting to happen.
And she’d done it completely by accident.
His attack lowered even as he uppercutted Kasuga, launching him into the air, before sending him
flying across the park with a roundhouse kick. Kasuga hit the ground and quickly rolled back onto
his feet, then ran at Kiryu and attacked with a forceful right push kick, which did land unlike his
other hits.
“Ah! Maybe spend less time at the disco, eh, Kiryu-san?” Kasuga said cockily, even though this
was the only hit he’d gotten in so far.
Kiryu simply huffed. “Hmph. You want fancy footwork? Fine. I’ll show you fancy footwork.” He
shifted his footing and assumed a more controlled, more defensive stance. He held one arm out,
another close to his torso, with his palms open, ready to intercept… and to eliminate.
This was his Agent Style.
With a yell, Kiryu ran at Kasuga and attacked him with a right back fist, a low right roundhouse
kick, and a right reverse roundhouse kick, a combo that was as stylish as it was deadly. Kasuga
skidded backwards, gritting his teeth, and retaliated with a series of punches and kicks before
driving his elbow down onto Kiryu with enough force to spike him off the ground.
Kiryu found himself briefly suspended in the air before landing on his hands and knees and rolling
backwards, back into his stance. “Hmph… let’s see you handle this!” he boasted as he tapped his
foot on the ground. With a sharp hiss, rockets hidden in his shoes ignited; his Serpents.
He sped towards Kasuga, letting the rocket drive his knee upwards, catching Kasuga’s chin and
launching him in the air; this was followed by another roundhouse kick, which sent the man flying.
“Ngh!” Kasuga grunted as he hit the ground, rolling once before stopping himself on his hands and
feet. “Pretty neat toys, Kiryu-san…” he growled as he stood up.
Haruka tilted her head. “Where did you get those?”
“Osaka,” Kiryu replied. “Back before the Great Dissolution. Akame knows a decent weapon smith
out there who specializes in spy gadgets.”
“That’s some 007 shit right there…” Kasuga grumbled, rubbing his jaw. “But Hanawa used those
back in Okinawa. So it’s not anything new. That all you got?”

“Nope,” Kiryu replied flatly. He used Agent’s increased agility to take an extra turn, shooting his
hand straight out and unleashing a luminescent blue wire, which shot out of a device hidden in his
watch.
The Spider.
The cables wrapped around Kasuga’s body, binding his arms to his torso, and, with a flick of his
wrist, Kiryu sent Kasuga into the air. He then slammed his arm down, and so Kasuga was slammed
into the ground.
“Ngh… Hanawa had this, too…” Kasuga groaned.
“They became standard issue after my successes using them,” Kiryu replied as he lit a cigarette.
“Guess that makes me something of a guinea pig.”
Kasuga stared up at his burning cigarette from the ground. He winced. “Don’t tell me…”
Kiryu smirked and flicked the cigarette at Kasuga. It soared through the air, time seeming to slow
as it landed in front of Kasuga’s face.
The Firefly.
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “Shit!”
He quickly stood up and rolled backwards as the cigarette exploded, singeing the grass on the
ground and the edges of Kasuga’s hair. Haruka averted her eyes from the bright explosion, wincing
as she felt the heat on her face.
“Sheesh…” she muttered.
“Give up yet, Kasuga?” Kiryu asked.
“Not a chance in hell!” Kasuga replied. “What, you need some fancy-ass gadgets to take me down?
I guess age really does catch up with everyone, huh?”
Kiryu’s smirk flattened. “…Alright.”
Haruka put her face in her hands. “Oh no…”
Kasuga ran at Kiryu with a yell and jumped into another dropkick. This attack connected,
damaging Kiryu slightly.
Only slightly. With a borderline feral yell, Kiryu stomped forward into a more grounded stance, his
hands at his sides and his palms out.
Beast Style.
He ran at Kasuga and swung at him with a wide right hook, a wide left hook, and a left back fist
into an overhead spike, bouncing Kasuga off of the ground.
Kasuga, dazed, forced himself up. “Damn it…” he muttered. “I just had to go and run my big
mouth… I need healing or I’m toast.”

And so, he pulled out his phone and opened the Poundmates app. He began furiously swiping
amongst the options, static electricity sparking from his fingertip, until he found the exact
Poundmate he wanted. “Time to call… a FRIEND!” he exclaimed as he dramatically slammed his
finger onto the icon. He held his phone up to the heavens, and a beam of light shot out into the sky,
splitting the clouds. “I SUMMON YOU!”
Somewhere in Tokyo, a bespectacled man with unkempt black hair, cloaked in shadow, received a
notification on his phone. Upon reading it, he smirked.
“Hmph. Got it.”
He grabbed a knife, which glinted off of the single light above him, and held it above his head.
“Show me your desires!”

He brought the knife down.
And then he got to work.
He began furiously cutting vegetables on a cutting board, before tossing them into a boiling pot and
stirring with the intensity of a thousand suns. Nearby, another pot was roasting a mountain of dark
beans. A bead of sweat dripped down the side of his head and he grimaced. This was too much.
Had he finally met his match?
No. He hadn’t.
He stirred faster and faster. “Grr…” he growled as a whirlpool formed in the pot. “HAAAAAGH!”
he yelled out.
The concoction was ready.
He placed an immaculately prepared plate of curry and a perfectly brewed cup of coffee—Arabica
beans, naturally “refined” by elephants—onto the bar in front of him.
Finally, he flipped a small, red index card between his fingers. “I’ve stolen your hunger,” he said as
he flipped the card over, exposing a stylish top hat logo.
The meal restored Kasuga back to full health, and the coffee restored his energy as well.
Now he was ready to finish this fight.

Kasuga attacked Kiryu with a right hook and an uppercut; Kiryu retaliated by grabbing him by the
collar and swinging him around, then letting go at peak velocity and sending him flying across the
park. Undeterred, Kasuga righted himself in midair and landed on his feet, skidding backwards
against the pavement.
He ran at Kiryu, threw a punch. Blocked. Threw another. Blocked. Threw another. Sidestepped;
Kiryu grabbed Kasuga’s arm and redirected him, before kicking him in the back, stunning him.
Kiryu threw a roundhouse kick; Kasuga ducked underneath this and kicked Kiryu’s legs out,
knocking him over, before sharply kicking at his face; Kiryu rolled backwards to avoid this and
stood up.
He was starting to run out of breath, but so was Kasuga.
“Hah… hah… I ain’t… giving up… Kiryu-san…” Kasuga painted.
Kiryu’s breath was heavy through his nose, though he still managed to mostly hide how winded he
was. “Didn’t expect you to… But you’re not winning.”
Kasuga grinned even as he continued to pant. “We’ll see… about… that!”
Kiryu smirked slightly. “Hmph. Now then… let’s end this!” He switched stances once more, back
into his Dragon of Dojima stance.
Kasuga gritted his teeth. “Kiryu-san!” He ran at the Dragon and swung once more; Kiryu dodged.
Kasuga whipped his head around wildly.
Kiryu was gone.
Haruka was gone.
Kasuga’s eyes narrowed. “The hell…?”
He suddenly found himself standing in an open field, wearing a suit of armor, a shield in his left
hand, a sword in his right.
The equipment of a hero.
He turned around once more. In Kiryu’s place, a massive dragon loomed, smoke trailing from its
nostrils.
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “H-holy shit!”
The dragon roared, breathing a jet of fire at Kasuga, who quickly lifted his shield to block the
flames.

Once the scorching flames subsided, Kasuga glanced over his shield. “Tch. That’s how it’s gonna
be, huh?” He grinned, lowered his shield, and held his sword out. “Heh. Alright then, Kiryu-san.
Last charge. No holding back!” A bright flash of light behind him manifested his friends, ready to
stand with him against the dragon. “Everyone… let’s do this!”
He ran at the dragon, the tip of his sword dragging along the ground, manifestations of Adachi,
Nanba, Saeko, Zhao, and Joongi following after him.
The Dragon, however, had his own help. He breathed fire onto the field, and three ghostly figures
appeared in the flames.

Nanba swung his umbrella at Someya, blocking a blade.
Adachi grappled with Aizawa.
Joongi shot Daigo.
The three figures faded, and two more replaced them.

Zhao engaged in a sword fight with Goda.
Saeko straight-up boxed Mine.
That opened Kasuga up for a direct attack on Kiryu.

As he ran toward the Dragon, however, another figure was born from the flames. His face smug, his
hair slicked back, his glowing white eyes emotionless. He shot a hand out at Kasuga and grabbed
him by his neck.
“Ngh!” he grunted as the figure had a vice grip on his throat, choking him. “Who… the hell… are
you?!” he growled.
The figure simply tilted his head in response.

Kasuga spat. “Tch! Fine! Don’t tell me! But you aren’t stopping me! Nothing is! So whatever this
is… BRING IT!”
The figure smirked. He threw Kasuga to the ground. “Agh!” he groaned as he slammed onto the
pavement painfully.
The figure slowly paced around Kasuga as he lay on the ground. Kasuga’s friends disappeared. The
other figures Kiryu summoned reappeared, and suddenly a sea of voices assaulted Kasuga’s senses.
Promise me you’ll take care of her…
I don’t even know why I’m here…
What could you possibly know about what we’ve been through…?
This decision was mine, and mine alone…
A real man ought to be a little stupid…
The final figure approached Kasuga, arms crossed. Kasuga gritted his teeth.
“What?!” he shouted. “You got somethin’ to say?! Say it, then!”
The ghostly figure just stared for a moment. Then… he gestured to another spot in the open area.
Kasuga glared where the figure pointed. “What?!” Upon seeing what he was being shown,
however, his eyes widened, and he gasped.
Off in the distance, illuminated by a single spotlight… he saw himself.

Standing over a defenseless man, cowering in fear, already beaten. He wasn’t even fighting back
anymore. Kasuga had already won.
But the Kasuga of back then didn’t want victory. He wanted blood.
His friends were horrified.
Kasuga’s eyes softened. A somber look came over his face. “Come on,” he muttered. “Don’t show
me this.”
“Stop…” the man begged as he struggled to stand up. “I’ve told you everything I know…”
“They turned this city into a hellhole,” Kasuga growled as he approached the man, referring to
Kume and those motherfuckers at Bleach Japan. He grabbed the man, pulled him back up onto his
feet and held him close to his face. “And all that’s left in the dust are you useless fuckin’ grunts?!”
He punched him again, sending him to the ground again. “This isn’t a goddamn joke!” He got
down on the ground and started wailing on him. Saeko, Nanba, and Adachi stepped forward, he
thought, to back him up as they usually would.
But not this time.
“Stop it, Ichiban!” Nanba yelled.
Saeko, similarly, was not happy with this turn of events. “Ichiban!” she exclaimed.
Kasuga looked up and glared at them. Saeko gasped. That look in his eyes… Pure hatred. It was
horrifying.
“Icchan… please…” she muttered, tears welling up in her eyes.
“Shut up!” Kasuga yelled at her. Even his own friends were turning against him. Fuck them. They
were all fake as fuck. “Me and the young master… Masato Arakawa and I need to have some
words!” He looked back at his victim. He was going to enjoy caving his fucking skull in. “He
doesn’t understand a goddamn thing,” he said darkly.
The man screamed in terror as Kasuga readied his fist for the killing blow.
“Don’t!” Adachi yelled.
Suddenly, somebody grabbed his arm, preventing him from landing that blow.
There was no Kiryu there this time. Instead, the Kasuga of the present, dressed from head to toe in
battered armor, stood over the Kasuga of the past.
“Come on, man…” he said softly. “Enough. Don’t make me watch you do this.”
The other Kasuga stared at him…
…and sneered.
“What do you mean ‘you’?” he asked, his voice layered over itself, like two people speaking at
once. He closed his eyes. “This? This is you. It’s us. This… is who you really are.” His eyes
opened, and his pupils glowed golden.

Kasuga glared at himself. “That’s not true. You’re not me. You might’ve been, back then. But
now…”
The other Kasuga threw his head back and cackled. “Hah! ‘You’re not me’, he says. Don’t make
me fucking laugh. You can hide behind that hero act all you want. This is who you are, inside.”
“Shut. Up.” Kasuga growled.
“Or what?” the other him chuckled. “You’ll kill me? Like you almost did this poor bastard? You
know if Kiryu-san hadn’t been there—.”
“I’d have done it,” Kasuga interrupted, his eyes snapping shut. “I know. I was there. And I hate it.
I… I hate that part of me so much! And no matter what I do, I have to go through life knowing that
one day… that guy might come out again. You might show your ugly face again.”
He clenched his fist around his sword, his eyes opening, a dangerous glint in them. “But you know
what? Kiryu-san was there. You can talk all you want about what-ifs. We don’t live in that world.
We live in this one. The one where I was weak… and somebody stronger than me pulled me out of
that darkness.”
He turned back to Nishikiyama, who loomed, casting a judgmental eye over the scene. “And
whoever this guy is? I’m not him, either. I’m me. Ichiban Kasuga. Just a guy doin’ his best.” He
chuckled humorlessly. “Sometimes my best ain’t good enough. That’s where my friends come in.
Not just Kiryu-san. Haruka-chan. Sa-chan, Nanba, Adachi-san. And Zhao and Joongi Han and all
the rest. They’re all makin’ sure that every day… I’m the best man I can be.”
He glared at his other self. “So, yeah. You know what? Maybe you are me.” He took a step
forward. “But I… am more than you. So do me a favor. Get the hell out of my way. I’ve got a
dragon to fight.”
The other Kasuga stared at him for just a moment, before sneering once more. “You… are a
GODDAMN FOOL!” he yelled as he threw a punch at Kasuga.
Just then, Kasuga’s friends reappeared and tackled the other Ichiban to the ground. Saeko, Nanba,
and Adachi held the struggling figure down as Kasuga smirked slightly.
“Hell yeah I am,” he said. “But you know what? I’m a fool with friends who know how to put him
in check.”
He stepped over his double and walked towards the dragon, again being met by Nishikiyama, his
pale, ghostly face no longer looking as smug as it once did. “…Not everyone’s as lucky as me,”
Kasuga sighed. “But we can’t dwell on that. Neither me… nor Kiryu-san.”
Nishikiyama’s ghost stared a moment longer, then nodded, stepping aside for Kasuga to challenge
the dragon. It tilted its head and snorted, a puff of smoke coming from its nostrils.
Kasuga grinned once more and held his sword up. “No more distractions. Let’s finish this…
KIRYU-SAN!”
He yelled out as he ran towards the dragon. With a roar, it blew more flames at him, which he
blocked with his shield even as he continued to run headfirst into danger. With a powerful yell, he

leapt up, getting his sword ready for the kill. “Take… this!” he exclaimed as he drove the sword
into the dragon’s neck.
The dragon roared in pain and thrashed violently, trying to shake Kasuga off. He refused to let go,
gritting his teeth as he held on. “I’m… never… GIVING UP!”
A beam of light started to shine from the stab wound. Kasuga grinned as he was enveloped by this
light…
…sending him back to reality, where he threw his final punch against Kiryu, whose head snapped
back as Kasuga made a direct hit. “Urgh!” Kiryu cried out as blood spewed from his nose.
He stumbled backwards, his head pounding. He tried to take his stance once more… then fell to
one knee. “Tch…” he groaned with a click of his tongue.
Kasuga heaved. “Hah… hah… had enough… Kiryu… San…” He sighed as he fell backwards,
unable to fight anymore.
Kiryu stared at Kasuga’s unmoving form. He was out cold.
Haruka sighed. “He gave it his all, and still…” she muttered.
It appeared she had spoken too soon, as Kiryu twitched, then fell forward, landing on the ground
with a thud, unconscious.
Haruka looked between the two men, honestly amazed that it had come to this point. “…Ah.”
“Well, this is an interesting scene,” Haruka heard a voice coming from around the corner. Sae
Niijima approached the scene, followed closely by Seonhee, Joongi Han, and Zhao. “What, did
they decide to reenact their favorite shonen anime?”
“You know, Kiryu-san feels like a Hokuto no Ken kinda guy,” Zhao chuckled.
Haruka chuckled nervously, rubbing the back of her neck. “Oh, this is just… boys being boys. You
know how it is.”
“Fortunately, I do not,” Sae replied. “Raising a younger sister was stressful enough. I can’t imagine
having to deal with two boys on top of that. Do you need help with that?”
Haruka nodded. “Yeah, if you all could… help me get them back into the bar.”
Seonhee snapped her fingers. “Alright! Joongi, you help me get Kiryu-san. You get the head, I’ll
get his feet. But don’t grab him by his head. The neck is weak support. Better to get him under the
arms.”
“Moved a body before, have we?” Sae asked dryly as she helped Haruka with Kasuga.
“You should know a girl doesn’t kiss and tell, Niijima,” Seonhee replied with a smirk. “Don’t
worry. They were all living bodies. I don’t handle the dead ones myself.”
Joongi sighed. “It’s usually me.”
Sae furrowed her brow. “You all should stop talking.”

Chapter 111: Dragon On Trial
The bottle was cheap.
Stolen, too, from the old man’s liquor cabinet.
But to Kiryu and Nishiki… it might as well have been the finest sake in all of Japan.
No witnesses. Just two fourteen year-old boys in Sunflower Orphanage’s sitting room, two cups
between them. The lights were out; they didn’t want to wake up the other kids. One of them would
probably tell on them.
Instead, only a candle illuminated them as Kiryu poured the sake into the cups. “Do you even know
what you’re doing?” Nishiki asked.
Kiryu shook his head lightly. “Nope. Do you?”
Nishiki smirked. “Heh. Nah. But… I guess it doesn’t really matter. The ceremony’s not the point.
Right? It’s the promise we’re making to each other.” His face got serious. “No matter what
happens… we’ve always got each other’s backs. That’s what really matters.”
Kiryu nodded in agreement. “Yeah.”
“Now… come on. Let’s do this. Before pops catches us.” Nishiki picked up his cup. “…How do we
do this?”
Kiryu shrugged. “Like this.” He grabbed his own. “Brothers.”
Nishiki nodded. “Brothers.”
“No matter what… no matter who or what gets in our way…” Kiryu continued. “We’ll stand
together against it. Through thick and thin.”
Nishiki nodded again. “Yeah. For life.”
They clinked their cups together.
“Love you, man,” Nishiki said as he chugged his drink… an action he immediately regretted. It
burned his throat, his mouth, everything. He sputtered, spitting a small amount onto the mat
between them. “Gah!”
Kiryu grimaced as he drank his. “Ngh…” he grunted. “…This is… awful.”
Nishiki nodded. “Right?! God… how do old guys do this every day?!”
Kiryu shook his head. “No idea…” he muttered. His eyes flicked upwards, to the door behind
Nishiki. “…Shit.”
Nishiki blinked. “Huh?” He turned his head.

Standing in the doorway… was Shintaro Kazama. His fists were clenched, but his face betrayed no
anger.
“S-shit,” Nishiki swore as he adjusted himself, fumbling to hide the bottle behind his back.
Kazama stepped fully into the room, sliding the door shut behind him with a click.
“…Hm,” Kazama hummed thoughtfully.
Nishiki stood up. “Kazama-san! W-we were…”
Kazama held up a hand, silencing Nishiki. His eyes moved from the bottle, to the cups, and then to
Kiryu and Nishiki. “…Kyodai-sakazuki, huh?” he said quietly.
Kiryu remained silent, a tactic that, usually, did not help.
Nishiki swallowed. “W-we were just—!”
“I know what you were doing,” Kazama interrupted. “Or what you thought you were doing.” He
walked over to the setup with a limp and crouched between them, eying the bottle and the cups.
“Question is… do you two know what you were doing? What this means?”
He picked up one of the cups, turning it slightly in his fingers. “Do you think this makes you
brothers?” he asked.
Nishiki tensed. “W-we already are. This just makes it… official.”
Kazama glanced at him. “…Official, huh? Even though you did it wrong?” He set the cup down
and stood up. “Where did you learn about this?”
Nishiki rubbed the back of his neck. “We just… know it’s something you do at work. In the Tojo
Clan.”
Kazama’s eyes narrowed. “What, exactly, do you know about what I do?” Kiryu opened his mouth
to respond, though Kazama held a hand up. “Don’t answer that.”
Kiryu gritted his teeth and stood up. “Kazama-san… don’t blame Nishiki for this. It was all my
idea.”
Nishiki’s eyes widened. “Bro! No it wasn’t! Don’t do that!”
“He’s doing what he just swore he would do,” Kazama muttered as he turned his head to Nishiki.
“He’s bearing your burdens, Nishikiyama. You get in trouble, he pays for it. He gets in trouble, you
pay for it. If you’re not ready for that world, then you have no business doing what you just did.
Because once you take that oath… there’s no walking away from it.”
Nishiki shook his head furiously. “I’m never walking away from Kiryu. Not in a million years!
We’re brothers for life.”
“You say that now,” Kazama replied. “But do you understand how long a lifetime really is?”
Kiryu clenched his fists. “Doesn’t matter,” he muttered.

Kazama glanced at him. “I beg your pardon?”
“It doesn’t matter… because we already swore it,” Kiryu replied, looking up at Kazama through his
narrowed eyelids. “We’re brothers… no matter what.”
Nishiki nodded. “Yeah. Nobody is going to take that from us. Not even you.”
Kazama’s eyes flicked between them. “…I’ve seen many men make that promise, and many men
break it.”
“Well, we’re not like everyone else,” Nishiki replied confidently. “We’re gonna have each other’s
backs, no matter what. You can count on that, Kazama-san.”
He turned directly to Kiryu, smiling genuinely. “Right, Kiryu?”
Kiryu glanced at him. “Hm?”
He blinked.
In Nishiki’s place…
Kasuga stood before him.
“We’ve got each other’s backs… no matter what.”
His voice hadn’t changed. It didn’t need to. Nishiki, and Kasuga… they sounded so much alike.
And that was what scared Kiryu the most.
“Right, Kiryu-san?”
Kiryu’s eyes snapped open, and he awoke with a jolt, startling Haruka, who was knelt over him.
“Ah! Uncle Kaz!” She recoiled slightly as he shot up, breath heavy. Her eyes softened. “…Bad
dream?”
Kiryu glanced at her… then shook his head. “No. I don’t… think so, at least. More like… a
memory.”
He glanced around the room, which he quickly surmised was the small apartment above Survive
that Haruka had been staying in. On the other side, against the wall, Kasuga lay, still unconscious,
with Saeko tending to him.
“You’re both idiots, you know that?” Saeko scoffed as she applied antiseptic to a cut along
Kasuga’s eyebrow. “But I guess that’s how brothers are, you know? Always getting up to stupid
shit with each other.
Kiryu’s jaw tightened. “Hmph…” he exhaled from his nose.
Haruka stared at Kasuga’s unmoving form, then looked back at Kiryu. “…He really gave it his all,
Uncle Kaz. Just to stand next to you.”

Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. I know.” He pushed himself up, wincing as a sharp pain stabbed his side, the
same place as before. “Tch…” he groaned.
“Don’t push yourself, Uncle Kaz!” Haruka nagged.
“I’m fine…” Kiryu muttered. “Let me know when he wakes up.” He walked to the door.
“Uncle Kaz,” Haruka called after him. “What’s your answer?”
Kiryu paused. “…I haven’t decided yet.” He left it at that, opened the door, and walked down the
stairs.
Much of Haruka and Kasuga’s party sat in Survive, just chatting it up like nothing was out of the
ordinary. Yagami and Sugiura had also returned. Sae Niijima sat alone at the end of the bar, sipping
a coffee. Her brief flirtation with despair-driven alcoholism didn’t take, it seemed.
“So,” she said as Kiryu approached. “Sakazuki, right? That’s what Kasuga asked of you?”
Kiryu nodded once. “Yeah. It’s a yakuza thing.”
“I know what it is,” she replied with a dry chuckle. “As a prosecutor, I’ve had it explained to me a
few times in the interrogation room. Usually, by cocky kids who thought ‘kyodai’ meant
something… while the men they were protecting were already cutting deals in the next room.”
Kiryu nodded again. “It happened more often than we liked to admit.”
“And yet, you still believe in it. The oath, I mean.”
Kiryu tilted his head. “You’re pretty confident about that.”
“If you didn’t, you’d have laughed it off. Or turned him down on the spot.” She sipped her coffee
lightly. “But you haven’t done either of those things. Instead, you’re stalling.” She shook her head.
“That isn’t skepticism. It’s fear.”
Silence hung between them.
“If you had asked me at the start of my career, I’d have told you that ‘honor among yakuza’ was
bullshit. Most days, I still would.” She glanced up at Kiryu. “But then you meet someone like
Ichiban Kasuga, and you start to wonder if maybe you’re being too cynical.
“Because the truth is… even though a lot of yakuza are full of it… every once in a while, I’d
prosecute a case where nobody talked, even when they knew they were going down if they didn’t.
Brothers who swore with tears in their eyes that they had each other’s backs… and meant it.”
A fond smirk crossed her lips. “Reminds me of a group of idiots I know back in Tokyo. Always
getting into trouble. Always dragging each other out of it.” She took another sip of her coffee.
“Honor among thieves… it’s the same concept, really. It’s bullshit. Until it’s not.”
She set her cup down. “Let’s change gears for a second… I hear that you and Kasuga had a little
wager.”
Kiryu nodded. “We did. That oath… We agreed to fight for it. If I won, Kasuga would drop it. But
if he won, I’d take the oath with him.”

“And you both went down…” Sae muttered. “A stalemate.”
“Kasuga went down first,” Kiryu insisted, a little too quickly.
Kaito shot him a glare. “Really, man?”
Kiryu an annoyed glare right back at him. “Something you’d like to say, Kaito?”
“Man, whoever ‘won’ wasn’t the point,” Kaito grumbled. “He gave everything he had just to prove
that he could stand at your side. He knocked you down, fair and square. And you’re trying to skate
by on a technicality? I don’t care if you’re the Fourth Chairman; that’s bad fucking form, Kiryusan.”
Yagami hummed. “Hm… Let’s be more precise. What, exactly, were the terms?”
“It was exactly what I said,” Kiryu replied.
“And what would you define as a ‘win’?” Yagami asked.
“Simple,” Kiryu replied. “Knock the other guy flat on his ass. If one of us couldn’t get back up…
that was a loss.”
Sae smirked. “So… what you’re saying is that timing wasn’t discussed. Whoever fell down lost the
wager, full stop. You both fell down. So where does that put you?”
Yagami met her smirk with his own. “You know, Niijima-san… if this issue were to be litigated, it
sort of sounds like it’d come down to persuasion.”
Sae nodded. “I agree, Yagami-san. The facts of the case alone don’t clearly favor either side.”
Yagami’s smirk widened. “Which means…”
“…It all comes down to the judge,” Sae finished.
Kaito chuckled. “Heh. So what, you want me to call it?”
Kiryu glanced between the three of them, his brow furrowed. “…Tch. This isn’t a courtroom, you
three,” he said flatly, irritation creeping into his voice.
“Well, just for the record, if it was, you’d be getting your ass handed to you,” Kaito laughed.
“We didn’t sign anything!” Kiryu objected.
“In civil law, that’s called a ‘verbal contract’,” Yagami pointed out. “Hard to enforce… unless both
parties agree that it happened. And you said it did. We can ask Kasuga when he wakes up, but I
don’t think his testimony will help your case.”
“Isn’t one of you supposed to be on my side?” Kiryu sighed. “Don’t I get a defense?”
“This isn’t a courtroom, like you said,” Yagami replied with a faint smile. “So no.”
Sae crossed her arms. “Kiryu-san… this isn’t actually about the outcome, is it?”
Kiryu clenched his jaw. “That’s…”

Kaito sighed. “Look… if you don’t wanna do it, just go up there and tell him no. Straight up.” His
gaze sharpened. “But… I don’t think that’s the problem, here. It’s like Niijima said. You’re scared,
‘cause you feel like you failed the last guy you swore your life to.”
Kiryu clenched his fists. “Who told you that?”
“I was in the Tojo Clan a long time,” Kaito said. “Including during the civil war. I didn’t really
know, or care, about the specifics. Just that a lot of money went missing, and battle lines were
drawn. And everyone knows that you and Akira Nishikiyama were at the center of that war. And I
get it. I really do. But man… you gotta be honest with yourself about it. And with Kasuga. It ain’t
fair to him to act like he’s the problem when he isn’t.”
Yagami smirk softened. “…You know, Kiryu-san… Kaito-san and did something similar, a few
years back.”
An annoyed look came over Kaito’s face, which reddened slightly with embarrassment. “Agh…
Seriously, man? Do you gotta bring that up now, Tak?”
Kiryu looked at Yagami incredulously. “Really? You took a yakuza oath? A lawyer?”
Kaito shook his head. “Look, it really wasn’t anything like that. It’s just… Tak and I… We grew up
together. I had run away from home… he had just lost his parents… Matsugane took us in, raised
the both of us. We didn’t get along at first. Hell, we used to beat the shit out of each other. But…
we were still brothers. Even when he went into law, and I kept followin’ Matsugane down the
extreme path.
“After I got expelled from the family, and Tak left the practice, he offered me a job at his agency.”
He shook his head. “He didn’t have to do that. He shouldn’t have, actually! That was right when
Ryo Aoki was pushing Kamurocho 3K. Any businesses that were knowingly hiring yakuza were at
risk of fines, or worse. He risked everything for me.
“So… one day, we’re sittin’ around the office, not a thing to do, no jobs coming to us, not even a
lost cat… And I wanted to thank him for vouchin’ for me when probably nobody else would.”
Kaito sighed. “So… I bought us some sake—real nice shit, too, stuff that was way out of my price
range. I set up the cups… Tak humored me, and we had a private little ceremony, just me and him.
It wasn’t a big deal, certainly wasn’t official… but it meant a hell of a lot to me.”
“There was no organization, no hierarchy,” Yagami finished for him. “Just two people deciding
they’d have each other’s backs. Doesn’t sound so different from what Kasuga’s asking, if you ask
me.”
Kiryu’s eyes shifted. He appeared to be contemplating something now.
Kaito nodded. “Like I said… if you don’t feel that bond with Kasuga, don’t do it. But just know…
that dumbass is gonna dedicate his life to you anyway, with or without your permission.”
Kiryu’s gaze shifted to the stairs behind the bar. Upstairs, where Kasuga was asleep… and where
he would awake any moment now.
Kiryu thought back to when he first met Kasuga, at the Omi Alliance headquarters. He hadn’t
introduced himself. Hadn’t even given his name. He couldn’t. As far as Kasuga knew back then, he
was just one of Watase’s bodyguards.

“Leave this part to me… I’ll protect the back, even if it costs me my life.”
In response, Kasuga could only laugh.
“Heh… I dunno who you are, but you sure know how to make an entrance.”
He turned back to the crowd of Omi Alliance yakuza who were ready to kill Watase, Daigo, and
anyone else who stood for the Dissolution, grabbed his jacket, and tore it off, revealing his
dragonfish irezumi. Though he said nothing at the time, Kiryu knew Kasuga was different the
moment he saw that tattoo.
His mind then flashed back to when he prevented Kasuga from killing a man in cold blood—the
same incident that Kasuga now idolized him for.
“I don’t have the luxury of living out in the open anymore,” Kiryu had said at the time. “But that
gives me access to things most people miss. Like how Ryo Aoki’s next move… will be right here in
Ijincho.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened as he laid on the ground, clutching his ribs with his bloodied hand. Not his
blood. “Huh?! What’s his next move?!”
Kiryu simply scoffed as his eyes flicked to the broken, defeated man that Kasuga had nearly killed.
“I was going to tell you… but not anymore.”
Kasuga stood up. “What?! Hey, don’t fuck around, man, just tell me!”
Kiryu turned his nose up. “I can’t say I really feel like it… after what I just saw from you.”
But Kiryu decided to give Kasuga one more chance. Later that night, in Geomijul, Kiryu
challenged Kasuga to a fight. The terms were simple: defeat him, and he would divulge Ryo Aoki’s
plans.
“So you came, Ichiban Kasuga.”
Kasuga tilted his head. “You seem to know me, but I don’t know crap about you. Don’t you think
that’s a little unfair?”
“Didn’t peg you as someone who gets hung up on little stuff.”
“There’s nothing little about it! Isn’t it normal to wonder that kind of shit?!”
Even as Kasuga spoke, Kiryu’s mind was instead on the people behind him. Four men, two women;
six people in all who would follow Ichiban Kasuga to the ends of the earth… even though they had
just seen him at his worst.
“I came here to learn about the shit that’ll make a difference…” Kasuga admitted to him.
Kiryu tore his jacket off. “Unfortunately for you, I’ve always used my fists to get to know
someone.”
Kasuga looked away. “Lately… I lost a lot of people I care about, and it sucks,” he said, his voice
breaking. “I can’t trust myself now. If I fight you… I don’t know if I could even hold back.”

He clenched his fists. “Listen… I could end up killing you.”
Kiryu knew that wasn’t happening. Not just because Ichiban was simply not on his level… but
because of the way he said it.
Fear.
Ichiban Kasuga was terrified of losing himself.
Kiryu’s mind flashed forward to a few years after that—and just a few days prior to the moment he
found himself in now.
“How far are you willing to go to protect the people in that orphanage?”
“As far as it takes. I’ll stand in the way of everyone and everything to keep anyone from getting
hurt. If you have to stay in the shadows, so be it. I’ll take care of things in your stead.”
In the present, Kiryu’s fists clenched. And he started to march towards those stairs.
The others watched him go with barely masked curiosity. “Well, that’s our job done, I suppose,”
Sae said.
With that out of the way, Kaito turned to her. “Say… Niijima. I got somethin’ I wanna ask you.
You’re way too comfortable around guys like us. So… spill. You’ve got a dark side, don’tcha?” He
smirked. “Heh. Run in some pretty hardcore crowds, I bet.”
Sae frowned. “What are you getting at.”
Kaito leaned forward. “Back at Leblanc… that kid… he was way too calm when Yamamoto and his
goons showed up. Almost like it wasn’t his first rodeo. So… what’s his secret? Huh? He part of
some hardcore gang? Ex-RK, Crimson Lotus, maybe?”
Sae shook her head. “Hmph. No, nothing like that.” With a smirk, she brought her coffee up to her
lips. “Although… if you must know, my past isn’t all lawyering and books.”
Kaito grinned. “Knew it. What secrets are you hiding?”
“Well… in my youth… I was in a gal gang,” Sae revealed.
Kaito’s grin dropped. “…Hah?”
“The Haisai Girls. Ever heard of them?” She sipped her coffee. “They rode up from Okinawa in the
late 2000s. Back then, Japan’s biker scene was dominated by the Tokyo Night Terrors. The Haisai
Girls wiped them out in a week, and became Japan’s biggest, baddest gang for more than a decade.
I had to stop riding with them when I passed the bar exam, of course, but we still keep in touch.”
Kaito scoffed. “Tch. Whatever. You’re pulling my leg, aren’t you?”
Sae smirked again. “Maybe. Maybe not.”
Kaito shook his head. “You are so full of shit… Bet you weren’t even old enough to ride a bike
back then.”

Sae’s eyes narrowed. “How old do you think I am?”
Yagami placed a hand on Kaito’s shoulder. “Don’t answer that, Kaito-san. Never answer that. It’s a
trap.”
Kaito sighed. “Yeah, you don’t gotta tell me…”

Chapter 112: The Yakuza Who Faced His Shadow
As Kiryu approached the door into the upstairs apartment, he heard Kasuga’s voice. He decided to
pause.
“…So I guess I lost, huh?” Kasuga asked.
“I don’t see it like that at all,” Haruka replied. “You gave it your all. You knocked Uncle Kaz out.
Not many people can do that.”
“Yeah, but… I fell down first, right?”
Silence.
“Yeah…” Haruka sighed.
Kasuga chuckled. “Figures. Guess I haven’t climbed that waterfall yet.”
“Kasuga…”
“Nah, it’s cool. I’ll just have to do better next time.”
More silence.
“Next time…?”
“Well, yeah. If I just quit here, then I pretty much deserved to lose,” Kasuga explained. “That’s
what life is all about, right? Doin’ better, always getting back up when you get knocked down?
Frankly, if my ‘rock bottom’ right now is just barely losing a fight against Kiryu-san… I think I’m
doing pretty good, compared to how I was a few years ago.”
He sighed. “Still… we had an agreement. And I lost. So it’s possible he won’t agree to a rematch.
But… that’s okay. No matter what… I’ll always stand beside him.” More silence. “Haruka-chan…
I gotta be honest with you. When all is said and done… there’s a real chance the Daidoji will drag
him back into the shadows.”
“I know,” Haruka replied. “Just knowing he’s out there though… it’ll make my days a lot easier.”
Kiryu clenched his fists. “Haruka…”
“And, even though he probably doesn’t want me to…” Kasuga continued, “…I already told him…
I’m gonna make sure you’re taken care of. You, Haruto-kun… everyone at Morning Glory.
Because, to me… Kazuma Kiryu is family. Which means you all are too. I don’t need some silly
oath to tell me that.”
Kiryu exhaled softly and unclenched his fists. He made a decision.
And opened the door.
Haruka looked to the door and stood up from her seated position in the center of the room. “Uncle
Kaz.”

Kasuga, who sat against the wall, still shirtless, didn’t immediately stand. “Kiryu-san…” He slowly
pushed himself up, gritting his teeth as he did so.
“Don’t push yourself, you idiot!” Saeko chastised as she put her hands on his shoulder and forced
him back down. “Come on. You’re in no shape to fight right now.”
“A rematch isn’t happening, anyway,” Kiryu said.
Even though Kasuga acknowledged this as a possibility, he still looked disappointed. Still, he
nodded. “Mm. Right. I lost, fair and square.”
Haruka looked like she wanted to say something, but held her tongue. She knew better than anyone
that once Kiryu’s mind was set on something, he couldn’t be convinced otherwise.
Kiryu glanced at Haruka, and then at Saeko. “Haruka… Saeko… you mind giving Kasuga and I a
moment? I need to clear the air with him about a few things.”
Haruka nodded, but Saeko didn’t. She simply clenched her fists against her lap. “If Ichiban had us
by his side back there… he’d have won, Kiryu-san.”
Kiryu nodded. “I don’t doubt it.”
“But that wasn’t a part of the wager,” Kasuga pointed out. “It was me and him, not him and my
friends.”
Saeko stood up. “I know what the agreement was. But it was a bullshit agreement. I know you all
saw relying on others as a weakness in the yakuza… but that’s not a weakness. It might be
Ichiban’s greatest strength.”
She stomped over to Kiryu and got in his face. “Just know, Kiryu-san… you can’t solve everything
by being a macho man.”
Kiryu narrowed his eyes at her. “…Is getting in your own way something you all specialize in?”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Hm?”
Saeko scoffed. “And just what is that supposed to mean?!”
Kiryu didn’t answer her. Instead, he turned to Haruka.
“Haruka… we’ll need a witness,” he said quietly.
Haruka raised an eyebrow. “Uncle Kaz…?” Then it clicked. Her eyes widened. “…Wait…”
“Go downstairs, talk to Kaito. He’ll know what to do.”
Haruka glanced between him and Kasuga, smiled, and nodded. “Mhmm. Okay, Uncle Kaz!” She
grabbed Saeko’s hand. “Sa-chan, let’s go.”
Saeko raised an eyebrow at Haruka. “Huh? Hey, wait! I’m not done talking!” she protested as
Haruka pulled her through the door, which slid shut behind them. “Haruka, what’s the big idea?!”
Kiryu heard her exclaim from behind the door.

“Hmph,” he snorted. “Strong-willed, that one. I see why you like her.”
Kasuga chuckled. “It ain’t just me. Haruka-chan’s smitten, too.”
“...That’s awkward.”
“Tell me about it. But we’ll figure it out.”
Kiryu’s smirk faded. “…You and Haruka are pretty close, too. …Anything I should be worried
about?”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “H-huh?! K-Kiryu-san, no. Absolutely not. That would be… so
unbelievably disrespectful, on so many levels! I mean, first of all, that’s your daughter… Second of
all, I’m pretty sure she’s young enough to be my daughter—!” He stopped when he heard Kiryu
snort again. “…You’re just fuckin’ with me, aren’t you, Kiryu-san?”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. Sorry. Figured I’d lighten the mood before I bring it back down again.” He
sat down across from Kasuga, crossing his legs. “I just… figured I should explain to you why I
reacted the way I did when you asked me to swear an oath with you.”
Kasuga’s face softened, and he nodded. “Because of Nishikiyama, right?”
Kiryu nodded back. “Right. …I’ve been avoiding talking about him with anyone for a very long
time. And with you, it’s even harder, because… You kind of remind me of him.”
Kasuga looked down at the floor. “I see…” he muttered. “Because of that one time, right? …When
I almost killed that guy?”
Kiryu shook his head. “No. Actually… You reminded me more of me, in that moment.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “Of you…?”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. There was a time where I had been pushed to the brink, too. Back in the
80s.” He leaned forward. “His name was Keiji Shibusawa. He was the Dragon of the Dojima
Family… and he had hurt a lot of people in his quest to succeed Shintaro Kazama as the Dojima
Family’s Captain. In return… I wanted to hurt him. Sound familiar?”
Kasuga nodded. “…Yeah. Sounds a lot like how I was feeling when Arakawa-san was killed.”
“After I had won the fight, I refused to stop,” Kiryu continued. “I just kept beating, and beating,
until his face was barely even recognizable. And right before going in for the killing blow…
Nishiki stopped me.
“Nishiki was my brother in every sense of the word except blood. Even before we became yakuza.
We were raised together at Sunflower by Kazama-san.” He held up four fingers. “There were four
of us. Me and Nishiki, of course. Then there was Yumi Sawamura.”
“Haruka-chan’s mother,” Kasuga realized.
Kiryu nodded. “That’s exactly right. And then there was Nishiki’s sister, Yuko Nishikiyama. They
came to the orphanage together.” He frowned. “…She was always very sick. Nishiki had to work
very hard, harder than most, to earn money for her treatments,” he said. “Nishiki and I joined the
Tojo Clan together, sponsored by the Dojima Family, when we were 16.

“For a while, we were ‘those two guys’. Did everything together. Took on every job together.
Eventually, we found our separate niches. I became a debt collector. Nishiki’s jobs were all a tad
more legal. Scouting for hostess clubs, helping restaurants with unruly customers, that sort of thing.
Even ran a rehab for former yakuza and other ex-convicts trying to get honest jobs after prison.”
“That so…?” Kasuga said. “Hey… that kinda sounds like what I do now at Hello Work. Only… he
probably made a lot more money doing it.”
“Oh, much more, I’m sure,” Kiryu chuckled. “Everyone was making more money back then, before
the economy went down the shitter in the 90s. By that point, Nishiki was making enough to pay for
Yuko’s treatments, Yumi’s schooling, AND still be driving around fancy sports cars. He actually
made more money than me, even.”
“That’s how he made patriarch, right?” Kasuga asked.
Kiryu frowned. “…Not exactly. See… he made a lot of money. But leadership wasn’t his strong
suit. He often deferred to me when it came to big decisions and bossing the younger guys around.
Because of that, I ended up becoming one of Dojima’s Lieutenants, while Nishiki kind of got stuck
where he was. He always pretended not to mind. He didn’t want me to feel bad. But… I could tell it
really bothered him.
“In 1995, I was about to spin off into my own family,” Kiryu said. “Dojima wasn’t fully on board
with the idea, but I had Kazama-san and the Third Chairman backing me, and I was the family’s
top earner by that point, so I found myself in a position where it didn’t really matter what my
patriarch thought.”
Kasuga grinned. “Hold up. You were making back room power plays? You’re pulling my leg,
Kiryu-san. You gotta be. That doesn’t sound like you at all.”
Kiryu crossed his arms. “What? I can be just as ruthless as any other yakuza.”
Kasuga’s face didn’t shift. “Yeah. Whatever you say man.” Then, his grin faded. “Wait. But, hold
on… if you were about to go tell your patriarch to get lost and strike out on your own… How come
there wasn’t a Kiryu Family when I was in the Tojo?”
“Because the day I was supposed to formalize things… everything changed,” Kiryu revealed. “My
patriarch, Sohei Dojima. He had a… reputation. His men would look for girls that matched his
‘preferences’, and then they’d bring them to him.”
He clenched his fists against his lap. “…I don’t even want to say the rest.”
Kasuga understood immediately. “…What a piece of shit,” he scoffed.
“…Well… We all looked the other way on it, because he was the boss,” Kiryu admitted. “I’m not
proud of that. And I paid for it. Because when he learned I was planning to leave… he decided to
make it personal. He had his men kidnap Yumi.”
“Motherfucker…!” Kasuga growled.
“I ran to the family office as fast as I could,” Kiryu continued. “Nishiki had gotten there first. When
I walked in, Dojima was on the floor, dead. Nishiki had shot him to protect Yumi.”

Kasuga clenched his jaw. “…I don’t say this a lot… but that asshole sounds like he had it coming. I
don’t think I can honestly say I’d have done anything different.”
“Neither can I,” Kiryu said. “Nobody blamed Nishiki for what he did that night. Not me… and not
anyone else.” He closed his eyes. “Because I told Nishiki to take Yumi and run… and I took the fall
for the murder.”
This part, Kasuga understood better than most. “Yeah. Guess we’ve got that in common, too.”
“I figured I’d be out in fifteen years, maybe less with good behavior,” Kiryu explained. “I wasn’t
sure if there’d be a family willing to take me in after I had killed my own patriarch, but I’d have
figured it out when I got to that point." He sighed. “By this point, though… Yuko’s situation was
getting bad. She had one surgery left, and if it didn’t work… that was it. So if Nishiki had gone to
prison… his sister may not have been around when he got out.
“In the end, I got ten years,” he continued. “While I was inside, the Third Chairman expelled me
from the Tojo Clan.”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Expelled? Not banished?”
“At the time, I got the sense that leadership wasn’t particularly broken up by Dojima’s death,”
Kiryu explained. “I learned later that there was more to it. Anyway… I wasn’t totally off the hook.
Chairman Sera put a hit out on me, as well.”
“A token effort, I bet,” Kasuga surmised.
Kiryu raised an eyebrow. “What makes you say that?”
“Well, if he really wanted you gone, he’d have banished you,” Kasuga reasoned. “Expelling you,
then putting a price on your head makes no goddamn sense. Sounds more like a message. ‘Don’t
touch him, he’s mine.’ Then the hit fails and nobody follows up. By that point everyone knows not
to mess with you. Am I on the money?”
Kiryu smirked. “You’re sharper than you look, Kasuga.”
“Hehe, thanks, Kiryu-san! …Wait.”
“While I was inside… things got bad outside,” Kiryu continued. “Kazama-san absorbed the Dojima
Family. Because of that, when I got out, he wouldn’t be able to take me in. I’d have too many
enemies in the family. Instead… he gave Nishiki his own family, so that I’d have a place to go
when I did get out.”
He paused. “…Yuko’s last surgery didn’t work,” he muttered. “She died a year after I went to
prison. Around the same time, Yumi went missing. And the way I hear it… Nishiki’s own men
didn’t respect him.
“I don’t know what broke him. I don’t know if I could have done anything differently to prevent
this. Maybe it was everything piling up at once that got to him. Whatever the case… when I got out
in 2005, the Nishiki I knew was gone.”
He closed his eyes. “…The week I got out of prison… was one of the worst of my life. Nishiki was
unrecognizable. Yumi was missing. Sera was dead. All I had to keep me going was a nine year old

girl I met while trying to figure out what the hell was going on.”
“Haruka-chan,” Kasuga realized.
Kiryu nodded. “She was searching for her mother. So… we decided to look together. By the end of
it all… everybody I cared about was gone. Kazama-san was killed protecting me. Yumi was killed
by Haruka’s own father. Nishiki killed him, then took his own life. I was alone.”
“Except for Haruka-chan,” Kasuga added. “Shit… Kiryu-san… I had no idea things were that bad.”
“I never blamed Nishiki for what happened,” Kiryu said. “I only ever blamed myself. For years, I
kept thinking… if I had done something different… he’d still be here. They all would. That’s why I
reacted the way I did, Kasuga. Because, to be honest… I’m scared. Of failing you, like I failed
Nishiki.”
Kasuga clenched his fists. “Kiryu-san… that’s bullshit. You didn’t fail anyone. All of that shit… it
was totally out of your control. You didn’t fail Nishikiyama. He failed himself. Or… maybe life
failed him. Shit, I don’t know, maybe nobody’s to blame. Shit happens. And sometimes… people
break.” His gaze fell to the floor. “I should know. ‘Cause I’m one of the ones that broke. And the
only reason things didn't get worse… is because you stepped in, Kiryu-san.”
He shook his head. “You don’t destroy people, Kiryu-san. Not even close. If it wasn’t for you, I
don’t even know where I’d be right now… who I’d be right now. If I’d be alive right now. And I
know I’m not the only one. Where do you think Haruka-chan’d be right now if you hadn’t stepped
up when her parents were killed?”
Kiryu’s brow furrowed. “That’s…”
“What about Haruto-kun? Or, hell, anyone else at Morning Glory? There’re a lot more orphans in
this country than there are people willing to take care of them. If it wasn’t for you… there might
not have even been an orphanage for them to go to.” He got quiet. “Where do you think they’d be
then?”
Kiryu exhaled softly. “Kasuga…” He glanced at the door, a tad annoyed. What is taking Haruka so
long?
***
Haruka came down the stairs with Saeko, let go of her hand, and approached Kaito. “Kaito-san.
Need your help with something.”
Kaito sipped his drink. “Shoot.”
“Kyodai-sakazuki. Do you know how to perform it?”
“You’re asking an ex-yakuza if he knows how to do a brotherhood oath?” Kaito asked rhetorically.
“Yeah, ‘course I do. Why?” He stared at Haruka, then smirked. “Heh. So we got through to the old
man after all?”
“Not sure how I feel about that,” Sae remarked as she sipped her coffee.
Kaito stood up. “And he wants you to be his witness, is that it?” he asked Haruka.

Haruka’s eyes widened. “Huh? N-no, he definitely wants you to do it.”
Kaito chuckled, placed a hand on Haruka’s shoulder, and started redirecting her behind the bar.
“Heh. Nah nah nah. He wants you to do it. What they’re about to do is special. This ain’t about the
yakuza. It’s about family. Somebody who means something to them has gotta be the one to do it.”
Haruka shook her head. “B-but I’ve never—!”
“Don’t worry, I’ll walk ya through it. Alright, you’re gonna need sake.”
Haruka glanced at a bottle on the bottom shelf and bent over to grab it.
Kaito raised an eyebrow. “…The hell are you doing?”
Haruka blinked. “…Getting sake?”
“You’re getting bottom shelf swill!” Kaito snapped. “Come on! This is a big moment! You gotta
break out the good stuff! What, are you trying to curse the oath or somethin’?”
“B-but we have to pay for…”
Kaito shook his head. “Nahhhh, we’re only gonna use a little. Bartender won’t even notice.”
Sae raised an eyebrow, but did not say anything. Kaito noticed.
“Unless Tokyo Five-0 suddenly decides this is where she draws the line,” he said with a smirk.
Sae simply scoffed. “If the bartender declines to press charges, there‘s nothing for me to
prosecute.”
Kaito put three cups on the bar. “Next: three cups.”
Haruka tilted her head. “One for Uncle Kaz… one for Kasuga… What’s the third one for?”
Kaito poured a small amount into the third cup and slid it towards Haruka. “Nerves.”
Haruka stared at the cup. “…Right. Makes sense.” She took it, downed it in one go, and placed it
down. “Okay. So… what do I do?”
Kaito nodded as he grabbed the cup Haruka drank from and rinsed it out, wiping it clean as he
began to explain. “Alright. When you get up there, you’re gonna wanna keep it simple. You’re
gonna line up all three cups between them—”
Click.
Kaito paused.
His eyes darted to Sae, who had a notepad open and a pen in her hand. “…The hell are you doing?”
Sae waved a hand absentmindedly. “Much of our knowledge of yakuza tradition at the Ministry is
second hand,” she said without looking up. “That, or it comes from low level informants. It’s
incomplete information either way. This might be my only opportunity to document this exact
process.”

Kaito stared at her. “…You know this stuff’s on the internet, right?”
Sae paused her writing. “…I beg your pardon?”
“This ain’t a secret ritual,” Kaito chuckled. “We basically ripped it from the samurai. But hey, if
you wanna write down what you could find out on Google, be my guest.”
Sae’s jaw tightened. “…I see. Well… I still want to verify my sources.”
Kaito sighed and hung his head. “Sheesh…” he said as he rubbed his neck. “You really are a piece
of work…”

Chapter 113: Sakazuki
The door slid open. Kasuga glanced up. Kiryu turned his head.
Kaito entered the apartment, now wearing a white suit jacket that matched his pants. It was
something the others hadn’t ever seen him wear before.
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Kaito-san…? Uh, what’s with the suit? I’m not about to get jumped,
am I?”
Kaito stepped aside, allowing Haruka to enter. She had ditched her own jacket, the sleeves on her
dark gray turtleneck rolled up to reveal the unfinished dragon-phoenix tattoo along her arm. In her
hands was a small, wooden tray with three cups and a ceramic bottle of heated sake.
As she entered the room, Kaito smirked and bent slightly at his waist. “Boss,” he muttered.
Haruka froze, narrowed her eyes, and glared at him. “…Don’t do that,” she said flatly.
“Heh. Couldn’t resist,” he chuckled as he straightened out, before coughing awkwardly. “Alright,
alright. No more jokes.” He clasped his hands behind his back and stood off to the side as Haruka
stepped out of her pumps and onto the tatami.
Kasuga’s eyes widened slightly. “Hang on… what’s goin’ on here?” He stared at Haruka, then
looked back at Kiryu, who simply stared at him with a serious look on his face. “Wait… is this…?”
Kiryu nodded slightly, almost imperceptibly.
Kasuga stared at him in awe. Tears welled up in his eyes. “Kiryu-san…”
His lip trembled, and he bowed his head deeply. “T-thank you! You have no idea how much this
means to—!”
“Save your breath for the oath,” Kiryu said softly. “And lift your head.”
Kasuga nodded. “Mhmm.” He sniffled, straightened his back, and wiped tears away. “Sheesh… Get
it together. Okay. Let’s do this.”
Haruka set the tray between them, then knelt beside it, settling back on her heels.
For a moment, nobody said anything.
Haruka’s eyes darted to Kaito, who stood still at the door. He sighed and gave a small wave. Go on.
Haruka nodded and took a deep breath. “Kazuma Kiryu… Fourth Chairman of the Tojo Clan.” She
glanced at Kasuga. “Ichiban Kasuga, of the Arakawa Family.” She paused. “Those titles once
meant power,” she said with a nod to Kiryu, “and subservience,” she said as she looked at Kasuga.
“But they don’t matter here. This is not a meeting between yakuza. It’s two men… standing as
equals. And the bond you form today will outlast anything those titles ever meant.”

Her eyes drifted to the three cups before her, arranged from smallest to largest. She began to fill
them with sake. A light cloud of steam emanated from each. “This cup is for everything that’s
already happened. All of the pain… all of the mistakes… all of the losses.”
Kiryu’s eyes snapped shut. Nishiki. Yumi. Shinji. Reina. Rikiya.
Kasuga, likewise, thought of Masumi and Masato Arakawa. He thought of the mother he never
met. He thought of all of the mistakes he made… the ones that hurt him… and hurt those closest to
him.
Kiryu picked up the cup and sipped from it, before slowly passing it to Kasuga. He took it from the
dragon’s hand and sipped as well, before placing it down.
Haruka nodded to the middle cup. “This one… is for right now. The choice that the two of you are
making… together.”
Again, Kiryu grabbed the cup. Sipped it. Passed it.
Kasuga sipped. Placed it down.
Haruka nodded to the final cup. “…And this is for everything that comes next. A shared future.
Unknown dangers. Mutual responsibility.”
Kiryu and Kasuga drank from the final cup.
“…Kasuga. Your oath,” she said softly, to which Kasuga nodded.
“Kiryu-san…” Kasuga began, “…from the day we met… You’ve impacted my life in ways you
can’t even begin to understand. I don’t even know who I’d be if I hadn’t met you. All I know… is
that I’m a much better man now, because I did. I owe you a debt… That I will never be able to
repay. But that doesn’t mean I’m going to stop trying. So from this moment forward…” He bowed
his head deeply. “…I swear to carry your burdens, no matter what they may be.”
Kiryu’s face didn’t shift. He simply stared at Kasuga as he bowed.
Haruka turned to Kiryu. “…Uncle Kaz. Your turn.”
Kiryu took a deep breath and closed his eyes. “…Don’t misunderstand.”
Kasuga slowly raised his head. “…Eh?”
Kiryu continued, “This oath… it isn’t about your duty to me, or the debt you owe me. Because I
owe you a debt as well.” His lip curled up into a small, almost imperceptible smirk. “If it weren’t
for you sticking your nose where it didn’t belong… I may never have seen Haruka again.
“So this goes two ways. Just as you swear to carry my burdens… I swear to carry yours. This is not
an oath between patriarch and subordinate. This is an oath… between two men. Two equals.
Kasuga… From this moment forward… We’re kyodai. And whatever problems we may face in the
future… we’ll face them together. That is my oath to you.”
As Kasuga listened, he smiled. Tears streaked down his face once more. “K-Kiryu-san…”

Haruka nodded slowly, tears forming in her own eyes. “Then it’s done. From this moment
forward… your lives are tied together.”
Kiryu held his hand out. Kasuga nodded through his tears—“Hmph.”—and gripped it tightly with
his own. “The world ain’t ready for us… kyodai.”
Kiryu nodded. “Heh… Yeah.”
Kasuga chuckled slightly through his tears and let go of Kiryu’s hand. He wiped his tears away
with his palms and sniffled. “Woo… Okay… I’m gonna need a sec…” he said with a choked laugh.
Kiryu nodded and stood up, turning to Kaito. “Kaito… thanks for guiding her through that.”
Kaito shrugged and smirked. “Hey… somebody’s gotta keep the old traditions alive. Guys like us
are a dying breed.”
“That may be for the best,” Kiryu admitted.
Kaito nodded. “No arguments here.”
Kiryu turned to Haruka as well. “And thank you, Haruka, for indulging me. That’s probably the last
time I’ll ever do that. I wanted to make sure we did it right.”
Haruka nodded with a soft smile. “Of course, Uncle Kaz.”
Kaito yawned and stretched. “Alright… Enough heavy shit. Let’s all get drunk. On me.”
Kiryu chuckled. “Heh. Sounds like a plan.”
The four of them stepped out of the apartment and walked back down the stairs, where the entire
party waited with bated breath. Though Kiryu’s face was nigh unreadable, Kasuga’s grin said
everything. Everyone exhaled with relief at once.
“That’s that drama dealt with,” Saeko chuckled as she stepped behind the bar and started pouring
drinks. “Now we’ve just got one more problem to deal with…”
Haruka nodded. “Yamamoto.”
Sae gripped her glass tightly as Saeko handed it to her. “Don’t worry… he’ll get what’s coming to
him. But… tonight’s not the night to dwell on that.”
Kaito grinned as he sat next to Yagami and Sugiura. “Hell yeah. We got two new brothers in the
house. Tonight, we’re gonna celebrate!”
Everyone clinked their glasses together and started drinking.
Kiryu’s eyes shifted to the Joysound setup in the corner. He thought of something. “Hmph…
Ritual’s not quite done yet…” he muttered to himself.
Kasuga glanced at him. “Hm? What do you mean, Kiryu-san?”
Kiryu didn’t answer. Instead, he started walking over to the stand and tapped the screen, causing it
to light up. “I wonder if it’s still here…?” he muttered. “Ah… there it is.” He tapped the icon he

was looking for, grabbed a microphone, and tossed another one at Kasuga, who caught it in midair
as a 1980s electric guitar riff started up.
“Eh…? You want me to sing with you, Kiryu-san?” he asked.
“This is how I show proof of my bonds,” Kiryu answered. “Heh. Hope you can keep up. Now listen
up everyone… IT’S JUDGEMENT TIME!”
He held the mic up to his mouth and began to sing,
“We’re starvin’ dogs runnin’ the rail lines,
Just gettin’ by on any scraps we can find.
The hand that feeds means nothing to me.
This tail
Don’t wag for no one else.”
Kasuga grinned, and as the next few lyrics came on screen, joined in.
“A yes man has his day.
That day is dead and gone.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa, whoa— WE ARE BAD. BOYS!”
The party exploded into cheers.
Saeko had already broken open a pack of glow sticks.
Haruka grabbed a tambourine.
Nanba had maracas, nobody knew where he got them.
Kiryu leaned into the performance.
“A young man left to meet his maker
Cries out ‘No!’ to say…
Justice!”
As the chorus came in, the air around Kiryu shifted, and he imagined himself standing on stage,
dressed in a very 80s “bad boy” outfit; a leather jacket and red pants, as well as a red headband,
belting out on an electric guitar. Kasuga stood beside him in a similar outfit, while Haruka stood off
to the side, playing the keyboard.
The entire party sang along with them.
“We’re breakin’ the law!
Breakin’ the world, together!
Throwin’ out all tenderness!
We’re breakin’ the rules!
No cause, no choice, no going back to how it was!
No slowin’ down, because…
“We’ll keep our heads high…
Our fists raised ‘til we die

We’re livin’ by our own…
Judgement!”

Chapter 114: Disquiet
It’s easier than one would expect to clean blood and brain matter up when the stained surfaces are
all marble.
Or, at least, easier than Kazuki Soma would have thought. Usually he wasn’t around for the
cleanup.
Yet here he stood, in the middle of his ornate new office at the Daidoji Faction temple in Kyoto,
having been fully cleaned up from the… disagreement that led to his promotion.
Two terrified lower-level agents stood across from his desk as he sat behind it, sniffling into his
handkerchief. “Status report,” he demanded. “Have our field agents been recalled for their new
assignments?”
One terrified underling, Hashimoto, nodded. “Y-yes, sir. Everybody is on their way back to Kyoto
now. …N-nearly everyone, that is.”
Soma’s eyes flicked up to him. “…Nearly?”
Hashimoto started to tremble. The agent beside him, Tanaka, swallowed. “W-well… the truth is,
sir… We still haven’t been able to get in touch with two agents. The first is Yoshimura. He was…
next in line to lead, before The Boss’s…”
“Untimely passing?” Soma chuckled.
Tanaka nodded. “Yes. He appears to have gone… completely off the grid.”
Soma’s eyes narrowed. He slowly sniffled into his handkerchief. “And the other agent?”
“Codename: Kage,” Hashimoto said.
Soma blinked.
“Who?”
“W-we don’t know his real name, or even where he might have gone,” Hashimoto sighed. “He’s
not on regular rotation… he’s almost never at the temple. Operates independently, comes and goes
as needed. He’s been at the Faction longer than either of us. But he’s one of Yoshimura’s, we’re
almost certain. The few times we have seen him, he’s been with Yoshimura.”
Soma leaned back in his seat, putting his feet up on the desk, his shoes scuffing the polished wood.
“Useless…” he muttered. “What about Hanawa? Have we located him?”
Tanaka shook his head. “We traced his cellphone to Shibuya. Found it smashed with a hammer in
front of an airsoft shop. His bank account’s been emptied as well. We don’t use rail cards anymore
either, after one of our agents had his travel history traced by a blackmail gang a few years ago;
paper tickets only. He was last captured on CCTV, at Shibuya Station with Kazuma Kiryu. They
may have boarded a train out of Tokyo.”

Soma looked up. “…May have?”
“Well… there’s a blind spot on the platform, you see…”
Soma scoffed. “Of course there is.”
“As a result… we didn’t see what train they got on… if they got on one. And we couldn’t find them
on any of the onboard cameras.”
Soma shook his head. “Well, you know what you need to do, right?”
“…Find th—“
“Burn them,” Soma snapped. “We can’t have rogue assets wandering the country. Find Kazuma
Kiryu. Find Hanawa. Find Chihiro Watanabe. I want examples made of them. Find Yoshimura.
Make sure he can’t interfere. And whoever the fuck this ‘Kage’ is? I want everything you can dig
up.”
He waved a hand dismissively. “Check Yokohama first. Isezaki Ijincho. That’s where Haruka
Sawamura is. It’s likely where Kiryu will be.”
“That’ll be a little difficult, sir…” Hashimoto muttered.
Soma stood up. “Excuse me?”
Hashimoto backed up. “I-it’s just… Ijincho… it’s one of the only places where the Daidoji haven’t
been able to establish operations. The local gangs, they… they’ve taken out several of our
operatives before.”
Soma glared at him… then sighed and sat down. “Unbelievable. Do we have contacts down there?”
“Geomijul,” Tanaka replied. “Korean gangsters.”
Soma nodded. “I’ve worked in their orbit before. Can you get in touch with their leader?”
“Y-yes, but—“
“Well then it sounds like you have a train to catch,” Soma cut him off, cracking his neck with a roll
of his head, “don’t you?”
Hashimoto glanced at Tanaka. “U-us? But, um…”
Soma narrowed his eyes.
Hashimoto’s widened. “Y-yes sir!” He bowed, as did his companion. “We’ll head to Yokohama
right away!”
“B-but that Seonhee bitch is crazy!” Tanaka hissed.
Hashimoto grabbed his shoulder and pulled him away. “Crazier than this guy?” he whispered.
They both turned to look at Soma, who simply smiled thinly at them.
Tanaka sighed. “Good point.”

With that, they left, leaving Soma all alone. With a sigh, he leaned back in his seat and put his feet
back up on the desk, grabbing a remote and flicking on a television screen against the far wall. He
discovered shortly after commandeering this office that the televisions at the temple used a high
powered satellite system to access networks across the country, as well as in other countries where
the CLP had an interest in local affairs. He flicked through channels.
“Kyiv announced today a series of incursions into—.”
Boring.
“—at a state dinner with United States President Joe Lawton—.”
Next.
“—the corruption trial of former Korean President—.”
Predictable.
“—possible removal of Yasoinaba Prefectural Police Chief Ryotaro Dojima should his department
continue not to comply with NPA—”
Isn’t there anything good on?
Finally, he settled on a Tokyo-area news network.
“—grand reopening ceremony of Little Asia in Kamurocho, which is slated for tomorrow. Set to be
present at the ceremony is Tokyo Governor Saori Yoshida, as well as Shinjuku Mayor Kenichi
Yoshizumi, and Tokyo Police Commissioner Akio Yamamoto. Tokyo Deputy Chief Prosecutor Sae
Niijima, who was originally slated to be present, will now no longer be attending. No reason has
been given as to why.”
Soma raised an eyebrow and placed the remote down.
“Uniformed MPD officers, as well as suited men speculated to be Bleach Japan—Yamamoto’s
rehabilitation program for ex-yakuza and other former convicts, focused around community
policing—had been seen leaving her office in Shibuya several nights prior with what appeared to
be seized evidence. The scope of this investigation, and whether or not Niijima herself is a target,
are still unknown. The MPD and the Ministry of Justice have yet to respond to requests for
comment.”
Soma had read an article about these people back in Osaka. “Yamamoto… Ah. Now I remember.
He’s the one who’s been going after Haruka Sawamura.” He smirked. “Perhaps I don’t need to seek
out Kiryu or Hanawa after all. Maybe… I can make them come to me. All I have to do… is find the
right nerve to squeeze.”
His eyes narrowed on an image of Yamamoto as it flashed onto the television. “Akio Yamamoto…
it’s high time I introduce myself.”

Chapter 115: The Empress
Seonhee sat at the bar at Survive, a slight scowl adorning her face. Her shoulders were tense. Her
grip around her glass was tight. She appeared to be stressed about something as she lifted her glass
to her lips and sipped.

Haruka approached the bar with a soft smile on her face. “Seonhee,” she greeted. “Is everything
alright?”
Seonhee glanced at her. “Everything’s fine,” she muttered. “Thanks.”
“Mm… doesn’t look like it,” Haruka replied. “You look stressed.”
“Secret’s out,” Seonhee replied dryly. “Running the most dangerous gang in Yokohama is stressful.
Who could have guessed?”
Haruka sat down next to her. “Do you want to talk about it?”
Seonhee simply stared at her. “…You really are a little too fearless for your own good.”
Kashiwagi snorted from behind the counter. “It’s a learned behavior,” he muttered as he slid a glass
in Haruka’s direction. “Hanging around stubborn people will do that to you. Not that I would know
anything about that.”
Seonhee chuckled. “Fair enough.”
Haruka glanced down at her glass. Clear liquid, but she could smell it was not water. “What’s this?”
“Soju,” Kashiwagi answered. “It’s Korean. Seonhee’s drink of choice, so I keep a bottle behind the
bar. That one is peach.”
Haruka shrugged and took a sip. Her eyes lit up. “Mm. I like it, too. I love peach.”
“That’s because you have good taste,” Seonhee commended.
Haruka nodded as she sipped a bit more of the drink. “So… what’s bothering you?”
“If I told you…” Seonhee said, not looking up at her, “…I’d have to kill you.” She glanced up at
Haruka, a dangerous look in her eyes.
Haruka simply smiled at her.

“…You‘re not going to stop asking, are you?”
Haruka shook her head. “Nope.”
Seonhee sighed, defeated. “Fine. Not that it’s any business of yours, but… I may have made a
mistake. A big one.
“The thing is… with everything that’s going on—Bleach Japan and everything else—I started to
wonder… just how safe is Ijincho, really?”
Haruka tilted her head. “Huh? What do you mean?”
“Well, I’m sure you’ve been told before that Ijincho has a sort of Great Wall, metaphorically
speaking, consisting of the Ijin Three,” Seonhee explained. “The Seiryu Clan, the Geomijul, and
the Yokohama Liumang. The yakuza. The Korean mafia. Triads. To the outside world, it just looks
like an underworld Cold War; three gangs carving the city up into thirds, none of them daring to
make a move against the other for fear of starting a real war.
“Actually, it’s a little more complex than that. Originally, the Seiryu Clan and the Liumang came
together to protect a secret cash counterfeiting operation.” She sipped her drink. “That’s a whole
long story by itself. After the Geomijul became a third major power in Ijincho, we were looped in
on the operation, largely because our surveillance operations were unmatched.”
She sighed. “Well… a few years back, Bleach Japan—the original group, not the one we’re facing
now—led the Omi Alliance into Ijincho, and they nearly uncovered our counterfeiting operation.
We had to burn everything to keep the secret from getting out. The equipment, the plates,
everything. As such… technically, there’s no reason for us to present a united front anymore. I lead
both Geomijul and the Liumang—although I outsource much of the latter’s operations to Tesso
these days—so I’m not so much worried about them…”
Haruka nodded. “I see where this is going. You’re worried about the Seiryu Clan.”
Seonhee nodded in return. “Yeah. Especially with Ebina basically running the show now. Chairman
Takabe respects the status quo. Captain Sano could be reasoned with. Ebina, though… he’s a wild
card.”
“Why can’t Takabe reign him in?” Haruka asked.
“Takabe’s out of the picture for now,” Seonhee explained. “Locked up over a petty charge. He’ll be
out soon. I’m just worried about what damage Ebina might do in the meantime. He’s already done a
lot.
“At the same time, as you know, the Liumang were infiltrated by the Saio Triad. We have that
under control now. The traitors have been… dealt with. But… It got me thinking. Compared to the
other two gangs, the Geomijul are rather small. Our advantage is in secrecy, not in numbers. …But
I started to wonder if maybe numbers would help.”
She got quiet as she finished her drink. “…So I sent an emissary to Seoul. To get in touch with
whatever’s left of the Jingweon Mafia.”
Kashiwagi briefly glanced up at her, a tense look in his eyes.

Haruka furrowed her brow. “Wait, I don’t understand. Didn’t you succeed the Jingweon?”
Seonhee shook her head. “Doesn’t work like that. This isn’t like the yakuza. There aren’t
subsidiaries, spinoffs, or anything like that. When we split from the Jingweon, after the war with
the Tojo Clan back in the 2000s… we betrayed them. ‘Death before dishonor’. That was the creed
my parents’ generation lived by… and it’s the creed they betrayed. Rather than go back to Korea to
face certain punishment, they sought refuge here, in Yokohama. That’s how Geomijul was formed.
It was the only way to protect themselves… and their children.” She crossed her arms. “Some of
us… have never even been to Korea.”
“‘Some of us’ meaning…?” Haruka asked.
“Meaning me,” Seonhee confirmed. “Many others in the Geomijul too. Some members don’t even
speak Korean fluently. So… not only were our parents traitors… we likely wouldn’t exactly be
welcomed on the mainland with open arms.
“Because of that… I’m worried I made a mistake in extending an invitation,” she said with a sigh.
“Did I recruit backup… or invite an invasion?”
Haruka shook her head. “You did what you thought was necessary.”
“And if it kills my people?”
“It’s not going to come to that,” Haruka argued.
“…You’re right. I’d abdicate and face execution myself before that happened.”
“Seonhee…”
Suddenly, Seonhee’s phone rang. She glanced at the screen. “One of my people…” she muttered
before answering, greeting her in Korean.
She paused.
“Shit…” she muttered in Japanese. “You’re sure?” Another pause. She continued the conversation
in Korean, becoming more agitated as it went on. Finally, she pinched her nose bridge and then
massaged her forehead with a worried look on her face. “Okay… okay, thank you,” she said,
returning to Japanese. “I’ll be there soon.” She spoke a few more parting words in Korean, before
hanging up the call and standing up. “One of my spies in Yokosuka spotted a group of Koreans
coming off of a cargo freighter. Suits. Dark sunglasses. Looked real serious. It seems my meeting is
on.”
Haruka nodded and stood up. “I’m coming with you.”
Seonhee shook her head. “Absolutely not,” she said sternly. “This is Geomijul business, Haruka
Sawamura. You need to stay out of it.”
With that, she clenched her fists and walked out, her steps confident but her face unable to mask
her worry. Haruka watched her go. “Seonhee…”
“You know… the Jingweon Mafia was patriarchal,” Kashiwagi mused behind her as he polished a
glass. “Not so different from the yakuza in that regard.”

Haruka turned to him. “What does that mean?”
“It means… if they really are here… they don’t intend to negotiate with Seonhee.” He shrugged.
“A woman like her, leading a syndicate in their name? They won’t accept that.”
“Are you… saying they’re going to kill her?!”
Kashiwagi sighed and placed the glass down. “No. Of course not.” Then, with a ghost of a smile,
“Seonhee’s friends aren’t going to let that happen. Right?”
Haruka’s eyes widened. “You think I should go?”
“Actually, I think you shouldn’t get involved at all,” Kashiwagi admitted. “But, well… you’re
getting too big to do what you’re told. Aren’t you?”
“Do you know where the meeting is happening?” Haruka asked, stepping toward him desperately.
“I caught a word or two,” he said. “Heard the Korean word for ‘restaurant’. My guess? This is
going down in Restaurant Row.”
Haruka nodded, a determined look on her face. “Right! Thanks, Kashiwagi-san!” She turned and
started towards the door.
“Hold it, Haruka,” Kashiwagi called out. “Before you go… could you deliver something for me?”
Haruka turned to him. “Huh?”
Kashiwagi came out from behind the bar and approached her, a white mask in his hand. “See, that
neighborhood… It's White Mask Liumang territory. Tesso’s crew. And it seems that one of them
left their mask here the other day. Careless.”
With a knowing smile, he added “They should be more careful. These masks are all identical. So if
the wrong person got their hands on one… well, they could disguise themselves as one of them.
Slip in unnoticed. We wouldn’t want that, would we?”
He handed her the mask. “Do me a favor. Bring that back to Tesso when you get a chance so he can
deal with the idiot responsible.”
Haruka took it and bowed her head. “Will do. Thanks, Kashiwagi-san.”
With that, she turned and left, hurrying to Restaurant Row.
***
No Geomijul were present.
Seonhee asked that they not be.
Instead, members of the Liumang lined the walls of the courtyard, hands clasped behind their
backs, faces hidden behind identical white masks. A neutral third party, to ensure nothing of this
meeting made it outside—and that nothing outside could make its way into the meeting.

Seonhee alone sat at a table in the center of the courtyard, one leg crossed over the other, her arms
folded, her expression unreadable.
Across from her… sat a delegation from the Jingweon Mafia.
“So,” she muttered. “You really came.”
The man at their head regarded her coldly. “It is not every day that a ghost walks into Seoul,” he
said. “Funny… we thought you all had died, during the war against the Tojo Clan.” He clenched his
fists. “That Kazuma Kiryu… he caused our organization no small amount of trouble. I hear he’s
dead. Good riddance.”
Seonhe’s jaw tightened. “…Tch.”
Outside, Haruka approached the doorway into the courtyard, a white mask covering her face.
She had changed nothing else about her attire.
A White Mask standing guard held a hand out. “Hey. State your business.”
Haruka blinked. “…N-ni hao…” she muttered.
The guard froze.
He slowly turned his head to his partner.
They stared at each other.
Then back at her.
“…You still learning?” the first guard asked.
Haruka nodded awkwardly. “Y-yeah.”
“Yeah, me too, bro,” he said, suddenly sympathetic. “Don’t sweat it, you’ll get there.” He leaned in
slightly. “Hey, real talk? I got this app. Bugs the hell out of you until you’re fluent. Shit works. I’ll
send it to you later.”
“…Oh,” Haruka said. “Th-thank you…”
She walked past them, doing her best to not look like she had just gotten away with something.
“…Lotta new guys lately,” one muttered.
“Yeah,” the other replied. “Half of them don’t even know what’s going on.”
Seonhee’s eyes flicked to the entrance as Haruka slowly walked into the courtyard, and followed
her as she casually found a position against the wall, clasping her hands behind her back like all of
the others. Two Liumang, one on either side, shifted their positions just a bit to maintain the
equidistant nature of their stances.
Seonhee’s eyes narrowed. What does that idiot think she’s doing…?
“Something the matter?” the Jingweon leader asked, narrowing his eyes as well.

Seonhee stared at Haruka a moment longer, before shaking her head. “No. Nothing’s the matter.”
She turned back to the Jingweon delegation. “Have you given thought to my offer?”
“I have.” The delegation leader gestured to one of his underlings, who nodded and hoisted a large,
heavy suitcase onto the table. “That emissary you sent to meet us… he was rather brave, walking
into our territory like he owned the place.”
Seonhee’s eyes narrowed. “Was?”
The delegation leader’s lip curled as he slowly turned the suitcase around to face her. “He kept a
cool head the entire time. It was admirable.” He unbuckled the suitcase. “A shame… that it did him
no good.”
He flipped the suitcase open.
Seonhee’s eyes widened. She inhaled sharply. “Ha-yoon…!” she muttered under her breath.
Some of the Liumang recoiled as they realized what they were looking at. Some shifted
uncomfortably. One of them gagged. “Gh— Jesus…” he muttered.
Haruka’s stomach turned. She had to look away, or she would be sick too. Her breath grew heavy.
The Jingweon leader’s smirk grew. “What’s wrong? I thought you’d be happy to see a friendly face.
We made sure to bring him home for you. Sorry that the rest of him could not make it with us. We
got ahead of ourselves.”
“You son of a bitch…” Seonhee growled. Her voice was low.
“He spoke boldly,” the leader continued. “About unity. Cooperation.” He scoffed. “As if traitors
have the right to speak of either. ‘Death before dishonor’. That is the creed of the Jingweon. It
appears your little club has forgotten that. Let this serve as a reminder.”
“Get out of my city,” Seonhee growled. “Now.”
The entire delegation chuckled. “You invited us here. And now you ask us to leave? That’s rather
rude of you.”
“I wasn’t asking,” she retorted, her fingers tightening against her arms. “Leave. I’m not going to
say it a third time.”
“As if we’d take orders from a disgrace like you,” the leader spat. “Let me tell you something. This
idiot?” he said, gesturing to the head in the suitcase. “He was one of the lucky ones. He died
quickly. The rest of you will suffer far more than he did.”
Seonhee stood up, slamming her palms against the table. “Do you think you’re in any position to
make those kinds of threats? After Kazuma Kiryu wiped you all off the map twice?”
“Watch your tongue, girl,” the man warned.
“Fuck you,” Seonhee spat. “I invited you here to reconcile, for the sake of the thousands of
Koreans in Yokohama who stand to lose everything if the Great Wall doesn’t hold. I’m not the one
who’s escalating, here.”

The two parties stared at each other tensely for a moment, neither daring to blink. Haruka’s fingers
tensed behind her back.
Slowly… she stepped forward.
Meanwhile, the Jingweon made the first move, each man whipping out a pistol and pointing it at
Seonhee. Seonhee responded in kind, retrieving her pistol, holstered within her blazer, and pointing
it at the leader’s face. “Dumb move,” she growled.
The leader sneered. “You are far outnumbered. You can kill one of us. You cannot kill us all.”
His finger squeezed the trigger.
Pop!
The gun fired just as a sharp palm slapped against the man’s wrist, causing the bullet to fly
harmlessly into a nearby wall, two nearby Liumang stepping back to avoid shrapnel. The gun fell to
the floor.
Haruka, still wearing her mask, had intervened.
The leader turned to Haruka, as did all of the guns, his eyes blazing with fury. “And who the fuck is
this?!”
“New recruit,” Haruka said flatly. “Just doing my job.”
Seonhee shook her head. “You dumbass… I told you this was my business.”
Haruka turned to her. “What can I say? I’m nosy. Now… if I’m not mistaken, ‘boss’, these people
are trespassing on our territory. Should we escort them out?”
Seonhee stared at her… then smirked as she lowered her gun. “Hmph. You know what? Let’s.” She
and Haruka both assumed combat stances against the Jingweon delegation.
The leader laughed as he pulled out a second pistol, then picked up his first one, now wielding both
of them akimbo. “Fine. If you wish to die with this failure… then so be it!”

Chapter 116: North Menace

The three members of the Jingweon Mafia transformed as Haruka’s battle hallucinations kicked in.
She and Seonhee stood against them, surrounded by Liumang who simply… watched.
Waited to see who would emerge victorious.
Haruka made the first move, attacking the leader with a right mid kick, launching split kick, and an
airborne dropkick that sent him flying across the courtyard. Seonhee moved next, attacking one of
the lackeys with her claw gloves, before sharply thrusting one of her long legs out, kicking him in
the stomach.
The Jingweon leader moved next. “Jugeo!” he shouted in Korean as he dived backwards and fired
both of his pistols, injuring both Haruka and Seonhee. One lackey then slashed at Seonhee with a
knife; the other shot Haruka with his crossbow.
Seonhee clicked her tongue and gritted her teeth. “You alright?” she asked.
Haruka nodded. “Yeah. These guys aren’t that tough.”
This was severely understating just how painful getting shot with a fucking crossbow was, but now
was not the time to let it show. She tried to attack the leader again, but he dived backwards just in
time to dodge the attack. “Neurida,” he taunted. Too slow.
Seonhee pulled an electrified whip out of god knows where and lashed at all three enemies; they
were frozen in place as their bodies convulsed and all fell to the ground. The knife-wielding enemy
did not get back up.
The Jingweon leader recovered—“Michin-nyeon…”—ran up to Seonhee, shot his leg straight up
into the air and then brought his foot down, hard, over her head, spiking her into the ground with
enough force to cause her to bounce back up into the air; he followed this up with a swift, jumping
roundhouse kick that hit her in midair, sending her smashing into a table for extra damage.
The crossbow Jingweon took another shot at Haruka; she quickly dodged, not intending a repeat of
what happened last time, and retaliated by pulling out two glowsticks. She waved them around as a
distraction, then forcefully slammed her hip into Crossbow Guy’s chest, staggering him, before
bringing her heel across his jaw in a painful roundhouse kick; she then checked him again with one
more body slam, sending him to the ground.

On Seonhee’s turn, she turned to Haruka and. “Let’s finish this!”
Seonhee and Haruka both started off in a sprint towards their enemy, who gritted his teeth. He held
his gun out towards Seonhee, who grabbed his wrist, twisted his arm behind his back, and drove a
knee up into his gut; he quickly blocked her knee with his free arm, so Seonhee pivoted, stepped
back, twisted on her right foot, and shoved her left into to his chest, knocking him backwards into
Haruka, who drove her knee into his spine.
He bent backwards over her knee, yelping in pain; she helped him out by shooting her left foot up
into the back of his skull, straightening his back out and causing him to fall forwards.
He faceplanted, then looked up at the two women standing over him.
Haruka’s face was unreadable behind the mask; Seonhee had a predatory, almost hungry smirk as
she stared down her nose at him.
“Don’t mess with us,” she said as she slammed her foot back down onto his face, ending the fight.
There the leader of the Jingweon Mafia delegation lay, his head pinned to the ground by the
Geomijul spider queen’s foot, her wedge driving painfully into his ear. It was a position that, no
doubt, some masochist somewhere would have delighted in. For him, however, it was a mark of
humiliation.
“You treacherous bitch…!” he snarled as he struggled beneath her heel.
“Check his middle finger,” Seonhee ordered. Haruka obliged, gripping his wrist.
He wore a single ring with a black gem over his middle finger.
“Jingweon agents carry cyanide in their rings,” Seonhee explained. “Wouldn’t want this sniveling
little rat taking the easy way out, would we?”
Haruka chuckled slightly. “Definitely not.” She yanked the ring off of his finger and passed it to
Seonhee, who kicked her foot off of the Jingweon leader’s face and grabbed the ring. “I’ll take
that.”
The agent growled and reached for his fallen gun. Haruka grabbed that, too, and ejected the
magazine. “Not today,” she said as she racked the slide back, popping the chambered round.
“You know, for someone so divorced from this world, you sure are street smart,” Seonhee
chuckled.
“I like to think I learn from others’ mistakes,” Haruka replied as she passed the emptied gun to a
nearby Liumang soldier.
“You clearly don’t learn as much as you think,” Seonhee said. “I told you not to get involved.”
“Seonhee, please… when have I ever listened to your orders?”
Seonhee smirked slightly. “Good point.”
The Jingweon leader got up on his knees with a growl… and was met with the muzzle of Seonhee’s
own handgun, pressed against his forehead. “Tch…”

“Now, what was it you were saying before?” Seonhee asked. “Oh, right.” Her eyes narrowed.
“‘Death before dishonor’. Isn’t that right? That’s the creed of the Jingweon Mafia, after all. So give
me one good reason not to paint the sidewalk red right now.”
“If you expect me to grovel, don’t hold your breath, traitor,” the man growled. “I would rather die.”
Seonhee’s eyes narrowed further. “As you wish,” she said as her finger began to squeeze the
trigger.
Before she could follow through, however, Haruka placed her hand on Seonhee’s. “Seonhee,
don’t,” she said softly.
Seonhee scoffed. “Tch. Why not? I’m only offering him the same courtesy he offered me. Sorry to
say, Haruka… I’m not like you. My hands are already dirty. I won’t lose any sleep over filth like
this.”
Haruka sighed. “Seonhee… Think about what this’ll mean for Ijincho.”
Seonhee raised an eyebrow. “Elaborate.”
“If you kill him… the Jingweon Mafia will retaliate. You’d be starting a war.”
“The Jingweon Mafia is weak,” Seonhee countered. “Fractured, by three decades of losses to the
Tojo Clan. If they want a war, it’s not a war they’ll win.”
“It’s not about winning,” Haruka said, shaking her head. “Think about your men, in the Geomijul
and the Liumang. Even if it’s a war you can win… it won’t be without cost. Why would you
shoulder those costs.”
Haruka stared at the Jingweon agent. “Banishment is more fitting for them anyway,” she said
coldly. “You said it yourself. ‘Death before dishonor’. I can think of no greater dishonor than
running away, tail tucked between your legs.”
Seonhee narrowed her eyes at Haruka… then smirked. “Hmph. You know something? You’ve got
exactly the right mindset for this world. We ought to consider ourselves lucky you have no interest
in being a part of it. You’d run circles around us.”
She turned back to the Jingweon agent, her eyes growing colder. “You hear that? You’re lucky. If
she hadn’t spoken up for you just now… you’d already be dead.” She pulled her gun back, and he
started to stand up… then she punted his face, hard, knocking him out cold. “Anyone sees this
asshole in my city again, fit him with some cement shoes and dump him in the bay. Got that?”
The Liumang all bowed. “Yes, Seonhee!”
Several of them moved to remove the unconscious bodies from the courtyard… when Haruka
noticed something.
A young guy, couldn’t be older than 25, without his mask, standing among the others.
Something in her head clicked. “Oh.” Without hesitation, she pulled her own mask off and held it
out to him. “Here. I think this is yours.”

He stared at the white mask for a moment… then his eyes widened in recognition. “Ah! W-where
—?”
“Survive Bar,” Haruka answered. “You should be more careful with that.”
One of the other Liumang shook his head. “Dumbass.”
“Always the new guys, I swear…”
“Wait’ll Tesso hears about this.”
The maskless Liumang sighed and put the mask on. He bowed his head slightly. “T-thank you…”
he mumbled.
His ears were bright red.
He joined the others in dragging the bodies away.
“Hey, I think this guy’d forget his own head if it wasn’t screwed on,” one of the Liumang chuckled.
He glanced at the Jingweon suitcase—now shut, thankfully—and froze. “…Uh. Scratch that…” he
muttered awkwardly. "Bad example..." He felt nauseous again.
***
Haruka and Seonhee clinked their drinks together, having returned to Survive to cool down. “You
gonna be okay, Haruka?” Seonhee asked after she sipped her drink. “You saw a lot you shouldn’t
have seen today.”
Haruka shook her head. “I’ll be fine. Are you okay, though? Were you and Ha-Yoon… close?”
Seonhee sighed. “Nobody in the Geomijul is as close to me as Joongi is. Still… I had a
responsibility to protect him, and I failed. I knew reaching out to the mainland was a bad idea.”
“You did what you thought you had to do to protect your community,” Haruka assured her, her
voice comforting. “You can’t blame yourself for how it turned out.”
“No, but I’m probably going to anyway,” Seonhee replied.
They both took another drink.
“…There is something you said earlier that confused me,” Haruka said. “You said your spies saw
the Jingweon in Yokosuka? What were your spies doing in Yokosuka in the first place? Does the
Geomijul just monitor every nearby port?”
Seonhee nodded. “Well, yeah, all the ones in Kanagawa, anyway. Most of our operations proper are
restricted to Ijincho and neighboring wards in Yokohama, though. Still… we keep an extra close
eye on Yokosuka. Most of Yokohama’s underworld does.”
“Why?”
Seonhee smirked. “The way I hear it… Some crazy stuff went down there in the 80s. There’s this
dojo out there, the Hazuki Dojo; one day, the master of the dojo was confronted by a notorious man
in the Chinese underworld. So the story goes…”

As Seonhee recounted the legendary tale—that may or may not have been true, mind you—to
Haruka, she found herself becoming engrossed, and with each turn, wondered how the story could
have ended.
A young man.
A murdered father.
A mysterious mirror.
A journey for revenge.
A dozen questions a day, all directed at people who probably didn’t know the answers.
“…and then, the three of them disappeared into China, determined to find him… and defeat him,”
Seonhee concluded.
Haruka waited for the next beat… only to realize that was it. “…Wait… That’s it?”
Seonhee nodded. “Yup.”
“You don’t even know how it ends?! What happened to the real mirror? What happened to Lan
Di?!”
Seonhee shrugged. “Nobody’s really sure. The story just… ends there.”
Haruka sighed. “…That’s frustrating.”
Kashiwagi snorted from behind the bar. “I think I’ve heard that story. It’s been puzzling people for
twenty years. You ask me? I think it’s all made up.”
Seonhee clicked her tongue. “Well that’s no fun! Don’t be a party pooper.”
He chuckled. “Sorry.”
Haruka frowned. “Well… if it was made up… wouldn’t somebody have made up an ending by
now?”
Seonhee pointed. “THAT’S the right attitude. See, this is why I need more girl friends. Guys are
always trying to ruin the fun.”
She clinked her glass with Haruka’s, and they drank once more, and the two women, despite
coming from two very different walks of life, bonded all the same.

Chapter 117: Justice
Ichiban Kasuga entered Survive, which was getting to be pretty lively these days. Haruka sat in the
corner with Haruto, who was playing the Saturn the party had retrieved from Eight Bit Takeshi
(Nights Into Dreams, which Haruka had apparently won as a prize at the underground casino—why
the casino had it to begin with was a mystery). Seonhee and Saeko sat nearby; amusingly, Joongi
Han appeared to be running drinks to the three adults, which he did not appear to be happy about.
Yagami, Kaito, and Sugiura sat by the window, going over something with Sae Niijima on her
laptop.
Nanba was missing, probably napping somewhere.
And alone at the bar sat Adachi, who appeared troubled by something.

Kasuga strolled over. “Yo, Adachi-san. Mind if I join in?”
Adachi nodded. “Be my guest.”
Kasuga sat, and the bartender placed a glass of whiskey in front of him. “You all good? You look
stressed.”
Adachi nodded. “Just some family drama. …Say, Kasuga… have you got any family? I mean, did
you ever look into it?”
Kasuga tilted his head. “Ah, no. Circumstances being what they are, I think it’d be kind of difficult,
anyway. Arakawa-san and Akane-san weren’t legally my parents, and I don’t even know where I’d
even begin to look if I wanted to find their relatives, being that they’re, uh, no longer with us.”
He took a sip of his drink and smirked. “With that being said… I heard Arakawa-san was a bit of a
stallion in his younger days. I might have brothers and sisters all over Tokyo. I’d be searching
forever.”
Adachi nodded. “…Let’s say you did have family. Like… a brother, or a nephew, or something.
And he’s… a real shithead. I mean, you can’t stand him. But all he’s got is you, and if you don’t
have his back… well, nobody does. What would you do?”
Kasuga thought about Kiryu. “Well… I was that shithead, once upon a time. But you guys still had
my back. And then when I was at my lowest, Kiryu-san… heh. Kiryu-aniki now, I guess… He
pulled me back up. I don’t think I would’ve been able to look at myself in the mirror if it hadn’t
been for you guys.”

He shrugged. “So, like, I dunno. I guess I’d still try and pull him up, just like you guys did. Just like
Kiryu-san did. ‘Cause I think… some people just need somebody to show them that there’s a light
at the end of the tunnel… and they don’t gotta keep living in darkness. No matter how far away that
light seems… if you can see it, you can reach it.”
Keep living, Ichi.
The young master’s last words echoed in his mind.
“Anyone can claw their way back up from rock bottom,” he surmised. “All you need… is one
person who believes in you. So if I ever did find out I had a brother who had strayed from the right
path… I’d try my best to be that one person.”
He shrugged again. “But also… blood doesn't really mean jack shit to me. So if I extend my hand
and he swats it away, I’m not gonna be too torn up about it. Family isn’t who you’re related to; it’s
who you choose to be with.”
He sipped his drink. “So… what’s this family drama you’re dealing with?”
Adachi shrugged. “Ah… Nothing serious. Just a dumbass nephew who can’t seem to get his shit
together.”
Kasuga snorted. “What, he asking for money or something?”
“Not… exactly. Eh, but I’ll figure it out. Thanks, Kasuga. You gave me some things to think
about.”
Kasuga smiled. “Heh. No problem, Adachi-san. It’s not every day I get to be the wise old guy
between us.”
Adachi’s brow furrowed. “…Who’re you calling old?”
They shared a drink and talked about nothing interesting, and when they were done, Kasuga bid
him farewell, wished him luck, and went back out into town for a bit.
When he returned, much later, Adachi was leaning against the wall outside. “Yo. Kasuga. You up
for a little drive?”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Where we headed?”
Adachi shrugged. “Eh. Nowhere in particular. Just wanted to get out of the city for a bit, thought it
might be fun to drive around the countryside a little.”
Kasuga grinned. “An aimless road trip with you, Adachi-san? Sounds like fun, I’m in.”
And so they walked to Adachi’s car, parked in a public parking lot not far from Survive, and got in.
Adachi pulled out, and drove towards the expressway.
“Lotta pretty scenery out west, towards the mountains,” Adachi muttered. “Figured it’d be good to
get some fresh air.”
“Totally,” Kasuga replied with a smile. His eyes flicked to Adachi’s dashboard.

The fuel gauge needle was settled on full.
Kasuga raised an eyebrow, but didn’t say anything as Adachi drove past Seiryo High and took the
on-ramp onto the Metropolitan Kanagawa Expressway.
Adachi turned on the radio. Didn’t channel any specific station, just left it where he last had it.
Some American pop song was playing.
“…I’m old in a lotta ways,” Adachi said after a moment of silent driving. “I move slower,
obviously. I’m not hip with today’s trends… I have no clue who this is on the radio, or what she’s
saying…”
“Yeah, somehow I don’t think you’re alone on that last one…” Kasuga chuckled as he bobbed his
head. “Sure is catchy though.”
“…But there’s also little things,” Adachi continued. “The way I drive, for example.”
“Eh? The way you drive?”
“I keep my hands at ten and two,” Adachi explained. “It’s how I was taught, it’s how I taught others
when I was at the DMV. As young as she is, it’s probably even how Sa-chan was taught.”
Is now a good time to mention I never learned how to drive? Kasuga thought to himself. He had no
clue what “ten and two” meant.
“But nowadays, kids learn how to drive like this,” Adachi said as he shifted his hands lower. “Eight
and four. Supposed to be safer. The idea is, if you get into an accident and the airbag deploys,
you’re less likely to injure your arms.”
Kasuga nodded. “Makes sense to me. Uh—but, wait, when you’re turning, don’t your arms cross
over where the airbag comes out anyway?”
Adachi nodded. “That’s exactly right. Sure, you’re less exposed when you’re going straight, but
turning is a whole other story, and if you lose control of your vehicle, it’s harder to correct yourself
this way.”
“You’re also adjusting a lot more than you ought to be,” Kasuga pointed out.
“Mhmm. Maybe it’s just because I drive a bucket, but I’m having to make little micro-adjustments
to stay on track. Overall, with modern power steering, it’s supposed to be more stable this way, but
all of the adjustments? It annoys me.”
He shifted his hands back to ten and two. “Do the pros outweigh the cons? Maybe. Probably.
Definitely. But man, even though I should be setting a better example as a former driver’s ed
instructor… I just can’t break this habit. Sometimes I wonder if the new ways really are better.”
He shrugged. “Now, don’t get me wrong, by and large, they are. Let me give you a non-driving
example. Somebody like Haruka-chan. When I was a kid, hell, probably even when she was a kid,
things were different. There were certain… aspects of herself she probably would have had to keep
quiet about.”
Kasuga tilted his head. “What, like her wrist tattoo? Yeah, I guess that stuff is more acceptable now
than it was when we were young, huh?”

Adachi shook his head. “Nah. I mean, yes, that, but also… her preferences.”
“Huh?”
“Who she loves, you know? She’s into men and women. Her late husband, Yuta… and Sa-chan.”
Adachi sighed. “When we were younger, that was not something you could safely say in the open,
you know?”
Kasuga’s eyes widened slightly. “Oh, shoot... I didn’t even think about that. I never thought it was a
big deal even back then, but yeah, now that you mention it… I had this buddy, right? Well… I say
buddy. We were in the yakuza. He was an aniki from higher up in the organization. Always had a
woman on his arm. But man… he always looked like he couldn’t stand them. And then a good
looking dude would walk by, and it was like night and day, you know? Wasn’t, like, a huge secret
either. Just something we didn’t talk about.
“And I was just like, man, if that other guy’s more appealing, why’re you dragging these cabaret
girls around all the time? I didn’t even think about what might’ve happened to him if he came out,
you know? That life… it’s not a life where you can easily be yourself. …Hm. I hope he’s doing
okay, now.
“I gotta ask though… what brought this up?”
Adachi shrugged. “Just making conversation, I guess.”
Kasuga glanced out the window, just as they drove past a sign.
Leaving Kanagawa Prefecture
Entering Yasoinaba Prefecture
He raised an eyebrow. They were getting pretty far from Yokohama.
“Speaking of things changing…” Adachi continued, “…things changed a lot by the time you got
out of prison, right?”
Kasuga sighed. “Ugh, dude, you have no idea. Getting locked up in 2001, coming out in 2019?
That shit gives you whiplash, man. You remember, after you basically kidnapped me and I bailed
out of the car while we were driving to Ijincho?”
Adachi cackled. “I found you moping in Kamurocho. I knew you’d go back.”
“Yeah, so like, BEFORE you found me, I hoofed it all the way back to Shinjuku,” Kasuga
explained. “Man, it was like being unfrozen in the future, you know? Soon as I walked past the
Tenkaichi gate, there was this guy, and he was smoking, like, a cigarette? But it wasn’t lit, there
was no fire, didn’t even look like a cigarette. It was just a little tube coming out of a box, guy was
inhaling vapor. You take a guy who has no idea what vaping is, and you show him that? That was
mind-boggling. And then I saw people with smartphones, selfie sticks… I was not ready for all of
that.”
Adachi gripped the wheel slightly tighter. “…Yeah. Imagine if you had gotten out a year later, too.
You might’ve been asking things like, ‘why are the streets so empty?’ and ‘why is everyone
wearing a mask and keeping their distance’?”

Kasuga chuckled. “Yeah, or, ‘why am I ordering a beef bowl through a window’? Trust me, man, I
know; the culture shock could have been even worse.”
“Yeah. In a way, getting locked up in 2001 and getting out in 2019… is a hell of a lot less jarring
than getting locked up in 2012 and coming out in 2022.”
Kasuga frowned. “Yeah, I guess.” He glanced at him. “…You know someone like that, Adachisan?”
Adachi didn’t answer. Instead, he kept driving, merging onto another expressway.
“…Getting pretty far from Yokohama,” Kasuga pointed out.
Adachi nodded. “Yup.”
After a while, he pulled off of the expressway and onto a narrower rural road, which rolled with the
land. Kasuga could see Mt. Fuji far in the distance, and another, smaller mountain he didn’t
recognize much closer. “You okay in cemeteries?” Adachi asked suddenly.
Kasuga tilted his head. “Eh? Uh, yeah? I mean, I visit the boss often enough.”
Adachi smirked and shook his head. “Heh. Rural cemeteries are a bit different. Just wanna make
sure you’re not gonna see a ghost and run.”
“Pfft. Ghosts don’t scare me.”
A moment of silence.
“…Much.”
Eventually, the car pulled up to a small graveyard on the outskirts of a small town—one of those
places Kasuga had always seen on TV but never been, having spent his whole life before prison in
Tokyo.
“Got something I gotta take care of,” Adachi said as he killed the engine. “Won’t be long.” He
grabbed a brush from his glove box, opened the door, and stepped out.
Kasuga raised an eyebrow. “Huh?” He stepped out after him and followed. “Say, Adachi-san… do
you know someone that’s buried here?”
Adachi shook his head. “Nope.”
“Then… what’s the brush for, man?”
He shrugged. “Just something I gotta do. Now… where was it again…? Man, you gotta wonder
how small towns like this get graveyards so big. Aha. There it is.”
He approached the grave. Kasuga read the kanji engraved on it.
Konishi Saki
1 June 1993 - 15 April 2011

“Looks like her brother’s been taking good care of her,” Adachi said. “Ah, just a little polish will
do.” He then got to work, starting to brush dirt and other debris off of the already well-polished
grave.
“Hey, Adachi-san? How come you’re polishing some random girl’s grave?” Kasuga asked.
Adachi shrugged. “Just something I started doing a couple of years back. Felt like the right thing to
do, considering…”
Kasuga tilted his head. “…Considering what?”
Adachi stood up from the grave. “There. Good as new.” He looked at Kasuga. “Come on. Let’s
head into town. I’m gettin’ hungry.” He started walking back to the car while Kasuga’s eyes
followed him.
“O…kay?”
They got back into the car, and Adachi started driving towards the town. “What is this place,
anyway?” Kasuga asked.
“Inaba. It’s a town on the Samegawa floodplain. Real old school, place hasn’t really changed since
the war, or so I hear.”
“I thought you spent your whole life in Yokohama,” Kasuga said as Adachi turned into a shopping
district. “So… why this place? Who was that girl?”
“…I ever tell you about my family, Kasuga?” Adachi asked.
“Uh… you don’t talk about ‘em much…” Kasuga said as he scratched the back of his neck.
“Besides that screw-up of a nephew you mentioned, and your sister… I guess his mom?”
“Yeah, well, she hasn’t talked to her son in about a decade. Not that I blame her…” He sighed.
“Thing is, they got dealt a shitty hand. My sister raised my nephew - his name was Tohru - alone.
Dad wasn’t in the picture. Bailed on the family before their kid was even born.”
“That’s shitty,” Kasuga muttered.
“Yeah. Well. I didn’t exactly do my part, either,” Adachi admitted. “Sure, I’d send my sister money
whenever she needed it. But I never really visited. I think the last time I saw Tohru was when he
was… ten? He’s probably in his thirties now, might be pushing forty.
“When he grew up, Tohru joined the Metropolitan Police Academy in Tokyo,” he continued. “I’m
sure I’ve mentioned before, our whole family are cops. Me, my dad, my uncles… blue up and
down the family tree. So Tohru joined the ‘family business’ so to speak, even though my sister
wanted him to be a doctor or a lawyer or something like that.
“After he graduated, the NPA transferred him to Yasoinaba. Some case he botched made them ship
him off, I think, I don't really remember.” He pulled up next to a Chinese diner and killed the
engine, but didn’t immediately open his door. “He’s not with the force anymore.”
Kasuga tilted his head. “He got fired, I guess. But he’s still in town, right? I mean, why else would
we be here?”

Adachi chuckled darkly. “Oh yeah. Yeah, he’s still here alright.”
“Well, where’s he live? Hey— maybe we could go visit him!”
Adachi crossed his arms. “Mount Inaba Prefectural Detention Center. He’s serving a prison
sentence.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “Uh… Shit. Sorry. I didn’t know. …Corruption?”
Adachi got quiet. “…Murder.”

Chapter 118: Murder Was The Case
Kasuga and Adachi sat in Adachi’s car. Kasuga stared at him, wide-eyed, while Adachi simply
stared forward with his arms crossed.
“Murder…?!” Kasuga said, his voice low. “Adachi-san… did your nephew… really kill
someone?!”
Adachi nodded slowly. “Two people. You saw one of them back at that cemetery. Saki Konishi. A
third year at Yasogami High School. They found her dead, hanging upside down from an electrical
tower, just up the road over there. The other was Mayumi Yamano, a TV broadcaster; she had died
the week before. Same position, same M.O.”
Kasuga shook his head and exhaled through his nose. “So that’s why you’ve been polishing the
grave. But… did he actually do it? Or did he—?”
“Did his dumb ass take the fall for a superior, you mean?” Adachi asked with a dark chuckle. “No.
Nothing like that. Sorry to say, most convicted murderers aren’t secret softies helping out a buddy.
You’re a bit unique, in that regard. No, Tohru really did it. Both of ‘em. If you can believe it, a
bunch of Konishi’s classmates are the ones that cracked the case.”
Kasuga tilted his head. “…High schoolers?”
“Yeah, that was actually the least bizarre thing about the whole case,” Adachi replied. “Let me tell
you, nothing about this case was normal. For starters… they’re still not even sure how he did it.
Technically, he wasn’t even convicted for the murders. The prosecutors had to toss a bunch of
other, lesser charges on him just to get the thing in front of a judge. Obstruction, unlawful
detention, destruction of evidence, witness tampering, I mean, just a pile of easy charges just so the
damn thing would stick.”
Kasuga crossed his arms. “Uh… sorry, wait… if they don’t even know how he did it, then how do
you know he did it?”
“He sure seems to think he did,” Adachi replied. “Not like you, where you probably couldn’t even
identify the murder weapon that ‘you’ used if they asked.”
Kasuga rolled his eyes. “Well, they didn’t ask, so I guess I got lucky.”
“Unlucky you mean.”
“No. Lucky. ‘Cause if I hadn’t taken the fall for that murder, who knows where I’d be now? I
certainly wouldn’t have met you, or Nanba, or Sa-chan… hell, probably not Kiryu-san or Harukachan, either. Everyone’s got their path that led them where they are, you know? Mine just happened
to have two decades of jail time right in the middle.”
Adachi rolled his eyes. “That’s… one way of looking at it.”
Kasuga’s brow furrowed. “Wait, if he thinks he did it, does that mean he confessed? So how did the
murder charges fall through?”

Adachi leaned forward, resting his forehead on his steering wheel. “Because his confession was
batshit. Fucking. Insane. Kasuga, my nephew is fucked up in the head. He was saying shit about, he
threw them in a TV, they went to another world, their ‘other selves’ killed them, real delusional,
detached from reality shit. I mean, this kid is not well.”
Kasuga nodded his head. “Yeah. Sounds like he needed professional help. Although… seeing as
how I see RPG monsters whenever I fight, maybe I’m not one to talk.”
Adachi smirked despite himself. “Yeah, well, you’re a different kind of psycho.”
“Oh, thanks,” Kasuga said sarcastically, smirking as well. His smirk died a moment later. “…So…
What’re we doing here? You came out here to do something other than polish a grave, right?”
Adachi nodded slowly. “Yeah. Thing is… even though he killed two people, the murders legally are
unsolved to this day. Even with all the other convictions, stacked up, not served concurrently… he
only ended up getting ten years for it all. So… he gets out today.” He glanced at his watch. “In
about an hour, in fact. Nobody else in the family’s gonna be there.”
Kasuga’s face softened, an understanding look in his eyes. “So… you wanna be there.”
“It’s like you said back in Ijincho,” Adachi said. “Everyone deserves to have someone in their
corner.” He snorted. “I hear he’s been a model prisoner. Doesn’t get in fights, is always on time for
roll calls, gets his work done.”
“Damn, even my stay wasn’t that clean,” Kasuga chuckled. “…Sounds like he’s really making an
effort.”
Adachi nodded slowly. “Yeah. So I figured… I should too.”
“…No offense, but did you need me for that?”
“Yup. If you weren’t here, I’d have turned around and bailed by now. Still thinkin’ about it,
honestly.”
Kasuga chuckled. “Alright. If you try and run, I’ll pull your ass back.”
Adachi smiled slightly. “Appreciate it.” He turned the key, starting his engine once more. “Alright.
You ready to go to prison?”
Kasuga groaned. “Agh… Do you have to say it like that?”
Adachi cackled as he pulled back out into the street.
***
Kasuga and Adachi leaned against the hood of Adachi’s car, parked across the road from the Mount
Inaba Prefectural Detention Center, a prison a few kilometers out from the town itself. Adachi
sipped his frankly nasty Junes coffee. “Tch. Goddamn, this is some crappy coffee.”
“You know, it’s kinda hard to mess coffee up, but that weirdo in the mascot costume sure found a
way,” Kasuga said as he sipped his own with a grimace. He looked around at his surroundings. It
sure was a beautiful day. “Man… you come out to the sticks, see all the nature, you almost forget
how fucked up things are back home.”

Adachi nodded. “I hear the weather around here used to be pretty shitty, consistently. It was always
cold, rainy, foggy… wonder what changed.”
“Probably one of those weird weather years like you hear about in the States sometimes,” Kasuga
chuckled. “El Niño or whatever.”
Adachi frowned as he glanced around. “…Nobody else is really comin’, huh? I didn’t know that for
sure when I said it, I was just assuming. I was kinda hopin’ I’d be wrong, so I could bail without
guilt.”
“Nahhh, no bailing, Adachi-san,” Kasuga said with a grin. “I already said I won’t let you.”
Adachi sighed. “Me and my mouth…” He heard a mechanical noise from across the road. He
straightened out. “…There.”
The large, metal gate into the prison started to roll open, metal grinding, old rollers screeching.
“…You know this place was a POW prison back during the war?” Adachi said suddenly as he
waited for the gate to finish opening.
“Aaaaaand now I’m gonna have nightmares about vengeful soldier ghosts,” Kasuga sighed.
“Thanks for that.”
Finally, the gate stuttered to a halt. Two figures stood on the other side. One was a tall man in a
police uniform, wearing circular glasses. He stood up straight and eyed the other, a lanky man with
lightly tousled brown hair in a slightly ill-fitting suit with a red tie; the same clothes he entered this
prison in.
Tohru Adachi. Ex-detective, Yasoinaba Police Department.
He had an almost bored look on his face.
The officer beside him turned to him, and held a hand out. “And so your sentence comes to an
end,” he said. “As far as the law is concerned, you’ve repaid your debt to society.”
Tohru scoffed. “Then the law is even more broken than I thought.” With a shrug, he turned to the
officer and gripped his hand to shake it. Instead, the officer pulled him in close to whisper into his
ear.
“Society itself, on the other hand… will never forgive what you did,” the officer said quietly, his
eyes narrowing. “You gave a lot of your colleagues a bad name, ten years ago. So watch your back.
Because you might find… that accidents happen.”
Tohru barely reacted. The officer quickly pulled away, and let go of his hand. “Good luck out
there,” the officer said as he turned his back on him. “If I were you… I’d skip town.” He walked
back towards the prison.
Tohru simply sighed and stepped past the gate, which closed slowly behind him, landing in its
original position with a metallic slam. He yawned, stretched, and then rolled his eyes, an unserious
pout coming across his face. “Man. He could’ve at least been original about threatening me.”
The elder Adachi clenched his jaw, inhaled through his nose, and exhaled. “Alright, let’s do this,”
he said as he pushed himself off of his car. Kasuga joined him with a grin.

“Hell yeah. You got this, Adachi-san!”
“Tohru,” Adachi greeted as he crossed the street. “Long time no see.”
Tohru raised an eyebrow. “Hm? Sorry, do I know you?”
Adachi exhaled. “Ahh… yeah. I mean, it’s been a few… decades, but…”
Tohru’s eyes widened slightly. “Hold on… uncle?”
“Yeah, see, you remember!”
“The hell are you doing here?”
“Well I was just in the neighborhood, and…” Adachi shook his head. “Come on, use your head. My
nephew just got out of the clink. What do you think I’m doing here?”
Tohru rubbed his neck. “Mom didn’t return my letters… I didn’t think anyone would be here to
welcome me out.” He glanced at Kasuga. His eyes darted to his disaster of a haircut. “…Who’s this
guy?”
Kasuga grinned and held a hand up. “Yo! Name’s Kasuga. Ichiban Kasuga. You can just call me
Ichiban, if you want. I’m a friend of your uncle’s. Nice to meetcha!”
Tohru stared. “…Uh huh.” He looked at Kasuga’s getup. Flashy red suit, popped collar, gold
chain… “…Hanging out with yakuza now, are we, uncle?”
Kasuga chuckled. “Heh. I don’t blame you for thinking that. But I haven’t been yakuza in a little
over two decades now.”
Tohru blinked. “You’re serious.”
Kasuga nodded, still smiling. “Yup! I got banished back in 2000, so, there’s nothing to worry
about.”
It was at this point that Tohru considered he might have been hallucinating this encounter, which
was saying a lot considering the things he had seen before prison. “Right. Well, see ya.” He turned
and started walking down the road.
“Now just where do you think you’re going?” Adachi asked.
Tohru shrugged. “Does it matter?”
“‘Course it matters,” Kasuga said as he followed Tohru. “Come on, Adachi-san, you just spent ten
years in the joint, and that makes you… a little disoriented. At least it did for me.”
Tohru paused. “…You’ve done time?” he asked. “Of course you have. Why am I not surprised?”
Kasuga nodded. “Yeah. Eighteen years. So I know exactly what you’re goin’ through, right now.”
Tohru turned to stare at him with a raised eyebrow. “Eighteen years? The hell did you do? The only
thing I can think of that would get you that is—.”

His speech halted. He stared at Kasuga. At his friendly, unjudging eyes. His warm smile. “…
There’s no way. I mean… look at you.”
Kasuga chuckled. “Heh. Looks can be deceiving, my friend.”
Adachi tilted his head. “Kasuga… You’re leaving out some key context, here. Namely, that
you’re… an idiot.”
Kasuga shook his head. “Look, why I got locked up doesn’t matter. Point is, I’ve been there. Which
means I know… it can be rough, goin’ back out into the world after so long away. A world that,
honestly, you might not even understand anymore. At least let your uncle and I help ease you back
into things?”
Seeing that Tohru still wasn’t convinced, he added. “Hey, you hungry?”
“I ate before I left,” Tohru replied as he turned his back on Kasuga again.
“Lemme guess. Mushy barley rice. Right?”
Tohru halted in his step.
Kasuga grinned. Heh. Got him. “Hehe. Right. Mushy, gluey, lukewarm barley rice. Six days a week
for ten years. And on Fridays… A bread roll. Just plain-ass bread. But I bet you looked forward to
that, didn’t you? Because it was the one day a week where your life wasn’t a routine.”
Tohru didn’t budge… which was good. Meant he wasn’t walking away.
Kasuga nodded. “Yeaaah, I’ve been there too. And believe me, your first meal on the outside… it
can be heavenly. Even something as simple as a beef bowl. So come on. Let your uncle and I treat
you to lunch.”
Tohru drew in a slow, deep breath… then exhaled. “Fine.”
Kasuga’s grin returned. “Awesome. Come on, there’s this Chinese diner that looks awesome.”
Tohru turned around. “Hold on. You mean Aiya? In Inaba?”
Kasuga tilted his head. “Well, yeah. Why?”
“You want me to walk back into that town, after what I did?”
Kasuga waved his hand. “Ah, you worry too much. We got your back. Come on, Adachi-san.” He
grinned at the elder Adachi. “Ojisan~.”
Adachi shot him a glare. “Watch it.”
The trio walked to Adachi’s car, unaware that they were being watched. A smoldering cigarette hit
the pavement. A brown leather shoe smothered the flames.
***
The three of them drove back into town, Tohru Adachi sitting in the passenger seat to the left of his
uncle, while Kasuga sat in the back seat. “Bet the town looks pretty different since the last time you

were here, huh?” Kasuga asked.
Tohru glanced out the window. “It looks exactly the same,” he replied, looking bored again.
“Oh, uh…”
“It’s like I told you before,” Koichi said with a chuckle. “This town hasn’t changed since the
fifties.”
“Well, how was I supposed to know you weren’t full of shit?” Kasuga asked with a smirk. “After
all, you said yourself, you didn’t start coming out this way before—.”
“Kasuga,” Adachi suddenly cut him off, sternly.
Kasuga realized he had nearly said too much. “Oh! Uh, sorry.”
“Before what?” Tohru asked, though he figured it out a moment later. “…Ah. I see.”
“Nice goin’, dumbass…” Adachi grumbled.
Kasuga sighed. “…Sorry.”
Tohru crossed his arms. “What are you apologizing for?”
“I- I just… Didn’t mean to dig up any old wounds. What’s done is done, you know?”
Tohru snorted. “Don’t worry. Society will remind me what I am soon enough.”
Adachi glared at Kasuga in the mirror. “Hey, let’s change the subject, huh? So, Tohru… Get this.
Your uncle… is a private investigator! Can you believe it? I’ve got my own agency! I mostly do
security consulting. Identifying weak spots at businesses, you know? You would not believe how
many places have surveillance blind spots. Kasuga helps sometimes; we send guys in, have them
steal something small, then we bring the product back, along with a report on how they were able
to evade the cameras.”
Tohru stared at his uncle. “People pay you… for knocking them over.”
“Ah… actually, a lot of them just yell at me…” Adachi chuckled. “But we got a whole consulting
gig with a really high end jewelry store a couple of months back!”
“And… What happened to policing? Did you retire?”
With a smirk, Adachi glanced at Kasuga in the mirror again. “Soooomebody got me fired.”
With the tension relieved, Kasuga’s smirk returned. “Yeah, that somebody was you. You’re the one
that wanted to break into that Omi Alliance banquet.”
Tohru furrowed his brow. “…The yakuza?”
“Heh. We get up to some crazy shit,” Adachi said. “Yeah, we’ve gone up against the Omi, the
Seiryu Clan—remember them, from back home?—triads, Korean gangsters, you name it. We were
there for the dissolution of the Tojo Clan and the Omi Alliance. We even helped take down the
Governor of Tokyo, AND the ruling party.”

And then Tohru made another deeply unserious face. “You’re pulling my leg, uncle.”
“Hehe. I guess our exploits do sound a little unbelievable, huh?” Kasuga asked. “We live in a world
stranger than heaven, I guess.”
On the footsteps of the Amagi Inn, the proprietor, a woman in her late twenties with long black
hair, a red headband, and a pink kimono swept debris from the doorway. She glanced up at
Adachi’s car as it drove past. Kanagawa Prefecture seal on the rear license plate. She always
noticed things like that, being as it was so rare to see out-of-towners in Inaba these days. She raised
an eyebrow as she stared into the cabin. “Hm? That’s…”
She locked eyes with him. Tohru Adachi. He was smirking. The smirk vanished the second he
realized who he was looking at as the car continued down the road.
The woman paused her sweeping and watched the car disappear around the bend. “Looks like
they’re heading for the Central Shopping District…” she muttered.
Back in the car, Adachi glanced at the inn in his mirrors, not noticing his nephew’s sudden
discomfort. “That back there was the Amagi Inn,” Adachi said. “Major tourist destination around
here.”
Kasuga tilted his head. “...This place gets tourists?”
“Hard to believe, ain’t it?”
With a smile, Kasuga shook his head. “Actually… no, it isn’t. These landscapes… those
mountains… It’s really pretty, actually. I’d spend a weekend out here. Hey, what’s there to do
around here, Adachi-san?”
Adachi furrowed his brow. “The hell should I know?”
Kasuga smacked Adachi’s shoulder. “Wasn’t talkin’ to you, man. I was talkin’ to the other Adachisan.”
Adachi sighed. “This is gonna get confusing…”
Tohru relaxed a bit and rolled his eyes. “There’s nothing here,” he said. “Just a bunch of dying
businesses and the supermarket that killed them all.”
Adachi glanced at his nephew. “...Tch.”
The car pulled into the south end of the Central Shopping District. “I wonder if he’s still around…”
Tohru muttered.
Adachi raised an eyebrow. “Eh? Who?”
“There was this kid, back then,” Tohru replied. “My boss’s nephew. A transfer student. Used to
come see me while I was on duty, before everything happened. Used to send me letters every week,
after. I never figured out why. After everything that happened… he should have hated me.”
He glanced out the window.
Fog was starting to form on the streets.

“He was only supposed to be in town for the school year, so… probably not. Can’t imagine anyone
would wanna come back to this dump.”
Adachi grunted. “We’re here,” he said as he parked the vehicle on the street by Aiya.
Kasuga grinned and opened his door. “Man, I am starving… Oof. Got chilly all of a sudden.”
“There’s that shitty Inaba weather I was talking about,” Adachi chuckled. The fog thickened rather
suddenly. “Come on. Let’s head inside.” He walked around to the left side of the car and opened the
passenger door for his nephew.
Across the street, two male police officers sat in their car, drinking coffee. One of them glanced out
his window and eyed the trio. “…Hey. Check it out.”
The other officer looked over. “Hm?”
“Look who it is…”
The two of them stared at Tohru as he stepped out of the vehicle. “No shit… Of all people, that
guy’s out on the streets?”
“That bastard…” the first officer growled as he clenched his fists against his lap. “Nobody in this
town could look any cops in the eye for years because of him. All of that goodwill… gone, in an
instant. He ruined this department’s reputation, and he thinks he can just waltz back into town like
nothing even happened?!”
The other officer chuckled. “Hmph. Relax… It’s not us the people were mad at. It was him. And
now that he’s back… a lot of people are gonna be reminded of what he did. Nobody in this town
forgets. So, if something were to… happen to him… Say, if a couple of officers were to question
him, and they felt their lives were in danger… Well, would anybody blame them for what they
might do? Hell… They might be heroes, who put down a violent reoffender who was about to kill
again.”
The first officer’s eyes widened slightly… Then he smirked. “Heh. I get you. After all… a
dangerous guy like him… He’s bound to act out. I think we should keep an eye on him… make
sure he doesn’t stray from the right path. Protect the community.”
The second officer pointed. “Exactly.”

Chapter 119: Smolder
“Irasshaimase!”
As the trio walked into Aiya, Tohru glanced at a sign on the door. It read:
PLEASE REMAIN 3M APART AND WEAR A MASK UNTIL YOU GET TO YOUR TABLE.
“Ah, don’t worry about that,” Adachi said as he walked past. “It’s an old sign.”
Kasuga walked past as well, though Tohru lingered.
“…Right.”
They sat at a table in the corner, Kasuga sliding in first. The two Adachis sat across from him. He
grinned. “Oh, man, it smells good in here. Hey, Adachi-san. You should go all-out for your first
meal on the outside.”
“I haven’t got any money,” Tohru replied flatly.
“Nah, come on, it’s my treat.”
The man behind the counter came around approached the table. He was a tall, muscular man with a
scar over his nose, a pair of sunglasses, and slicked back hair. “Yo, what can I get you?” he asked.
“Oh, uh, this is our first time here, so, we’re still deciding,” Kasuga said.
The man stared at Kasuga for a moment. His eyes widened in recognition. “No way… is that…
Soapy Ichi?!”
Both Adachis snorted. “What did he call you?!” Tohru asked.
Kasuga seemed annoyed by that nickname. “Uh. My name is Ichiban, yes… Do I know you?
Wait…”
He stared at him. “…Kurosawa-aniki?!”
The man nodded. “Yeah, you were one of the Arakawa boys, right? Man, I haven’t seen you since
you got locked up.”
Adachi raised an eyebrow. “You know this guy, Kasuga?”
Kasuga nodded. “Yeah, this is the guy from my Tojo days that I mentioned on the drive over. But…
What are you doing all the way out here?!”
Kurosawa smiled. “I work here!”
“In a diner out in the sticks?”
“Lemme explain,” Kurosawa said. “See, when shit started getting real bad in the Tojo Clan, back in
2017, my Patriarch ended up dissolving the family. He said he’d rather that than let his boys get

killed in some war against the Omi that we knew couldn’t be won. So just like that, we were all on
our own.”
He shrugged. “I had made captain by that point, so I didn’t wanna stick around and see what the
Omi had in store for guys like me. So I gathered up the cash I had, sold my apartment at a loss, and
left Tokyo right after. I drifted for a bit. But man… when you’re tatted up and scarred like I am, it is
hard to find legal work. So I went from town to town, pissing cash away, just trying to stay out of
trouble.
“When the Great Dissolution happened, I thought about making my way to Sotenbori and joining
that new private security company that Daigo Dojima and Watase started up.” He sighed. “But… I
dunno. I did security in the yakuza. So if I went and did that… I pretty much would’ve been right
back where I started. And of course you know the company went tits up anyway.
“I’m not the only one who didn’t trust the security company. Lotta ex-Tojo and ex-Omi decided to
disappear into the countryside instead.” He looked both ways, and leaned in, his voice lowering. “I
was staying in Okina City, nearby, when I heard about… this girl. A fixer. A police officer, right
here in Inaba, who apparently, was using her pull with the PD to find legal jobs for ex-yakuza and
other ex-cons, under the table. Officer Satonaka.”
Tohru’s eyes widened slightly. “Excuse me? Satonaka? Surely not Chie Satonaka.”
Kurosawa nodded. “That’s the one. See, Yasoinaba Prefecture is remote, but it’s close enough to
Tokyo that yakuza were disappearing here even before the Dissolution. If you wanted out of the
business… this was the first place you’d disappear to.
“So I came out here, and man, I’m not proud of this… but I got on my knees… and I begged.
‘Please give me a chance’, I said. ‘I’ll do anything. Just help me escape the life.’ Even passed her
an envelope, with the last of my savings as a bribe.”
He chuckled. “You know what she did? She passed it right back to me. Said, ‘I don’t want your
money. Keep it.’ She asked what skills I had. What I wanted to do. I mean, in the Tojo, I did
security, I did collections, I managed a cabaret club for a while. She just laughed. ‘Sure. But what
do you WANT to do?’”
He scratched the back of his neck. “I said, I dunno… I like cooking. But nobody’s gonna hire an
ex-yakuza at a restaurant. Or, so I thought. She walked me right over here, introduced me to the
owner. He needed part time help in the kitchen. She vouched for me. He gave me a test, handed me
a bunch of ingredients, asked me to make somethin’. I don’t even remember what I made, but I
guess he was impressed, because he hired me on the spot.”
He grinned. “I’ve worked here ever since. I live in town now… even have a partner now. Takaya.
He’s my rock, man.”
Kasuga grinned back at him. “Dude. That’s awesome. I’m so happy for you.”
Kurosawa nodded. “Hey, you lookin’ for work? I could introduce you to her.”
Kasuga shook his head. “I’m actually workin’ at Hello Work, over in Yokohama. I’m trying to help
ex-yakuza find work, too.”

“Hey man, good for you. If only more of us in the business were like you… maybe things wouldn’t
have gotten so fucked up.”
Kasuga slowly turned to grin at Tohru. “Buuut… My friend here just got out of the slammer today,
and needs work. So maybe Officer Satonaka can—.”
“Bad idea,” Tohru said curtly.
Kasuga frowned. “But…”
“Save it,” Adachi grumbled. “Can’t help someone who doesn’t wanna be helped.”
Tohru glared at his uncle, then rolled his eyes. “Tch.”
“Look, man, I get it,” Kurosawa said. “I was skeptical at first, too. But whatever you did, whatever
you were before? This girl doesn’t care, as long as you make the effort. I promise you.”
“Trust me, she does,” Tohru growled. “Look… can we just get our menus?”
Kurosawa frowned. “Yeah. Just scan the QR code.”
“The what?”
Tohru looked down at his table. In front of each of them, a small graphic resembling a barcode sat,
taped onto the table. He watched Kasuga and Adachi pull out their cellphones to scan them. He
pulled out his own phone and flipped it open. “What… do I do with this?”
Adachi glanced at him. “Uh… Here, you can share mine,” he muttered as he slid his phone over.
“‘Mega Beef Bowl’,” Kasuga read aloud. “‘Six pounds of rice and meat. Only the most
courageous, diligent, understanding, expressive, and knowledgeable can conquer this rainy day
special. If you can eat the whole thing in one sitting, it’s free.’ Heh. Challenge accepted.”
Kurosawa shook his head. “There’s this guy that comes in here once a week who just demolishes
that one. Scares the shit out of me.”
“Just get me the Mabo Tofu Bowl,” Adachi said. “Unlike Kasuga, I don’t want to die on the toilet
today.”
Tohru’s eyes lingered on the menu. “The Aiya Steak Bowl… I guess.”
Kurosawa gave them a thumbs up. “I’ll get started on that now.” He disappeared into the kitchen,
leaving the other three alone.
They were silent for a moment. Only the sounds of meat sizzling in the kitchen could be heard,
along the steady drizzle of rain on the roof; the weather seemed to be getting worse.
Adachi broke the silence. “So kid… what’s your next move?”
Tohru glanced at him. “Next move?”
“Yeah, I mean, you know… now that you’re free and all.”

Tohru was silent for a moment… then shrugged. “I intend to play by the rules, this time. Other than
that… I’m not sure. I haven’t given it any thought.”
Adachi’s brow furrowed. “…Play by the rules? What, you think this is some kinda game?”
Kasuga frowned. “Adachi-san…”
“And what do you mean you haven’t given it any thought?” Adachi continued. “You knew when
you were getting out. You know, after that slap on the wrist you got.”
Kasuga stared at him. “Dude.”
“So- so let me get this straight…” Adachi growled, “…you got given a chance that, frankly, nobody
else in your position gets… and you didn’t even think about what you’d do with it?”
Tohru didn’t answer.
Adachi chuckled humorlessly. “‘Course you didn’t. Of course you didn’t. Nobody does what you
did because they’re thinking about the future. Here, let me ask you something. Why did you do it?
Huh? What makes a man wake up and think, ‘I’ll murder two people today?’”
Tohru glared at him. “That’s not what happened.”
“Oh, do tell,” Adachi replied. “What, you wanna tell me that you’re misunderstood? That your soul
is ‘tortured’ by it? Two people are dead, Tohru. One of them hadn’t even graduated high school. So
tell me something. Let’s say I’ve got you all wrong. Let’s say you really are some misunderstood
loner that felt pushed by society. What the hell does it change, if you’re going to sit here and act
like a goddamn misanthrope?”
Tohru stared at him.
He stared at him for a long moment.
And then he stood up. “Nothing at all. And that’s exactly my point.”
Adachi furrowed his brow. “Excuse me?”
“All of this?” Tohru said, gesturing to the room around him. “None of this matters. Because at the
end of the day, this world is still irreparably broken. The institutions still fail you. The fact that I’m
even out of prison to begin with is proof of that. If this world had any semblance of fairness left, I’d
have been hanged.
“And yet, I’m still here. So let me ask you... Would it have changed anything if I was more
‘appreciative’? Because at the end of the day, two people are dead, and I’m not. So I can either
gloat about it, or I can pretend that there was some meaning behind all of this… or I can call the
world out for what it is. A decaying, decrepit husk of a planet run by institutions who fail you…
run by adults who fail you.”
Adachi’s eyes widened at that.
Tohru shook his head. “The truth hurts, uncle. And I’m glad that despite that… you still want it.
Really.”

He turned and walked out, leaving Adachi sitting in shock and regret. “Ngh… shit. Tohru, wait.”
He and Kasuga stood up to follow.
Outside, Tohru walked calmly through the rain, hands in his pockets. He didn’t know where exactly
he was going; he simply knew there was nothing for him in Inaba. His feet splashed in the puddles
that were forming on the side of the road.
He didn’t care.
It was at this point that he heard footsteps behind him. Uncle Koichi? he thought as he turned
around.
It was not his uncle.
Instead, two officers with the Yasoinaba Prefectural Police Department slowly approached him.
“Well look who it is,” one of them said, smiling thinly. “Long time no see, Adachi-san.”
Tohru stared at them. “Akira,” he said to the older one, before turning to the younger one.
“Makoto.”
“Ah… so you haven’t forgotten us,” Akira chuckled. “I’m so fucking flattered.”
“Well I’m glad,” Tohru said. “But unfortunately, I can’t really stay to catch up. I’ve actually got a
train to catch.”
Akira pouted. “Oh. How sad. We were hoping you’d stay a while… so we could… reflect on old
times.”
“Do we have any old times to reflect on?” Tohru asked, a bit dryly. “If memory serves, we didn’t
work any cases together.”
Makoto chuckled. “You’re probably right on that,” he said. “Except… there was this one.”
Akira nodded. “See… the whole department worked one case in particular. A couple of homicides.
You remember? About… ten years ago. See, this… real disturbed individual… had murdered two
young women, and strung ‘em up on that power station, right over there.”
Tohru stared at them, unflinching. “If you’ve got a point, get to it.”
Akira chuckled darkly. “Hehehe… you smug fucking prick.” He approached Adachi and shoved
him. “You know exactly what our fucking point it.”
Tohru’s shoe slipped on a wet spot as he stumbled backwards, barely able to maintain his balance.
“Ngh…”
“You think you get to just walk back into our town after what you did to it? After what you did to
us?”
Tohru heard this… and chuckled.
Akira’s eyes widened with rage. “Huh? What’s so fucking funny?!” he yelled as he shoved him
again.

Tohru just laughed harder.
“Spit it out, asshole!” Akira exclaimed.
Tohru shook his head, a goofy grin adorning his face. “It’s just… do you even hear yourself, right
now?”
“Huh?!”
Tohru ran a hand down his face, his grin widening. “You said… what I did to you. Exactly what did
I do to you? Sure, I traumatized this town. I betrayed my commanding officer. I took something
irreplaceable from the Konishis. This country will never see Mayumi Yamano’s pretty face again.
And on top of all of that… I manipulated the only person who ever believed in me.” His grin
remained, but his eyes almost seemed to carry… regret. “That kid’s gonna have trust issues for the
rest of his life, I bet.”
He put his hands back in his pockets and stepped forward, his grin shrinking, though only a little.
“And all you can think about… is yourselves? Because… what? I made you look bad? Ruined your
reputation? Is that really all that you care about? Tch. You’re exactly what’s wrong with this
world.”
Makoto’s glare hardened. “The fuck…? You think you can FUCKING TALK TO US LIKE
THAT?!” He slammed his fist into Tohru’s gut.
“Agh!” he grunted in pain as he fell to one knee.
“You think you have any right to pass judgment on US?!” Akira shouted as he delivered a forceful
push kick to the man's face, bloodying his nose while failing to fully knock him over.
Adachi just continued to laugh.
Akira clenched his fist. “I’ll wipe that fucking grin OFF YOUR FACE!” He pulled his fist back,
then shot it forward with enough force to kill.
His fist met flesh.
The flesh of somebody’s palm.
Ichiban Kasuga stood between him and Tohru Adachi, gripping the officer’s fist tightly. Koichi
Adachi stood beside him, baton out.
“The fuck?!” Akira exclaimed.
Kasuga had a serious, deadly glare on his face. “You guys… are really pissing me off.”
Tohru stared at Kasuga, wide-eyed. “Kasuga…?” He turned his head to Koichi. “Uncle…?”
Kasuga threw the officer’s fist away and clenched his own. “So, what? You think your uniform
gives you the right to treat people however you want?”
Akira clenched his fists and assumed a combat stance. “Tch! And just who the hell are you, huh?!
You know what a sick puppy you’re defending there?!”

“I’m defending… a man who’s served his time,” Kasuga said, his voice low. “The charges were
brought up. He stood trial. He was found guilty. And he got sentenced to ten years.” He crossed his
arms. “And then he served those ten years. From what I understand, without incident. So as far as
the law’s concerned… hell, as far as I’m concerned… This is a law-abiding citizen you’re picking
on right now. And that really bugs me.”
He cast a sidewise glance at Tohru. “Thing is, Adachi-san… you’re not wrong. Institutions do fail
people. All the time. People fail people. You’ve got proof of that lookin’ you right in the face.
Because no matter how righteous a cause… there’ll always be assholes like these guys trying to
ruin it.
“Where you are wrong, is the thinking that nothing matters because of it,” he continued. “All it
means… is that the people who do wanna make a difference… People like Satonaka-san… People
like Kurosawa… They matter twice as much. That’s why, when the world gives you another
chance… you gotta make the most of it.”
He glared at the officers again. “It’s real hard to do that, though… when people like these guys try
and force you back into your old roles. When they try to box you in, square you away… like the
version of you that’s in their head is the only version of you that’ll ever exist.”
“You really think this guy’s changed?” Akira asked incredulously. “This sick fuck… Do you think
people will really forgive him for everything he’s done?”
“You know something? I don’t really care if they do or if they don’t,” Kasuga said with a shrug.
“Because yeah. He did things that I think are unforgivable. And I suspect there are a lot of people
in this town who’ll hate him for it for the rest of his life. But I don’t get to decide that for them.
And neither do you. You don’t get to be judge, jury, and executioner for a man who’s paid his legal
debts.”
Adachi gripped his baton tightly. “I used to be on the force, too,” he said. “And cops like you? You
guys always annoyed me the most, more than any yakuza, gangster, or petty thief I came across.
Guys who thought they were above the law… guys who thought they were the law. I might never
be able to look my nephew in the eye again… but that doesn’t mean he shouldn’t be allowed to try
and earn that!”
Akira and Makoto looked at each other… then tightened their stances. “Fine. You wanna stand with
him? Then die with him.”

Chapter 120: I'll Face Myself

Kasuga’s vision shifted as the two officers facing him and Adachi transformed, as happened with
many of his battles. Akira now held a baton, and Makoto pointed a handgun at them, one-handed,
tilted to the side.
He grinned. “Hahaaa! Doesn’t matter if it’s in the city, or in the countryside; an asshole is still an
asshole, and a slime with a badge is still a slime. I knew you’d go all RPG monster on me…”
Tohru blinked. “What.”
Adachi sighed and shook his head. “Just… ignore my idiot friend, here. He’s delusional. Stay back.
We’ll take care of this.”
Tohru narrowed his eyes. “But… why? What do you get out of this?”
Adachi shook his head. “Man, didn’t you hear him? He might be a dumbass, but every word he said
was true. It doesn’t matter what you did, or who you are. Nobody gets to extrajudicially take away
your right to exist, especially not these pricks.”
Akira moved first, and attempted to teach Ichiban why he should never cross the thin blue line; he
struck him with his baton, then delivered a forceful push kick to his face, sending him sprawling
backwards; he quickly got back up.
Makoto pointed his gun at them—“Die!”—and unloaded a volley of rounds while moving his arm
in a horizontal motion, peppering both Kasuga and Adachi with bullets.
Kasuga’s turn was next; he twirled his bat in his hand and swung at Akira, knocking him over.
Adachi followed this up by running over at him while he was still on the ground and slamming his
baton as hard as he could onto his chest.
Akira stood up with a groan and pulled out his walkie talkie. “Assault in progress! Officer in need
of backup!” he shouted into it.
Two more bright flashes of light shone behind him, and two more officers appeared to join the
fight, one with a gun, and one with a knife.

The summoned pistol officer approached Kasuga, flipped his gun around, and pistol whipped his
face.
“Tch! All you’re doin’ is pissin’ me off even more…” Kasuga grumbled.
Makoto dove backwards and fired a round at Adachi; he dodged. The knife wielder slashed at
Kasuga; he dodged.
Noticing now that three of the officers were standing in a line, starting with the knife summon and
ending with Makoto, Kasuga grinned. “Big mistake!” He dragged his bat along the ground and
broke out into a sprint, knocking over two of them on his way to Makoto; upon reaching the
sneering officer, he swung his bat upwards as he jumped into the air, launching Makoto, before
driving his bat down like a sword, smashing him into the pavement with a crack and knocking him
out.
And then there were three.
Adachi gripped the knife officer with both hands, and with a roar, picked him up and turned him
over, tombstoning him painfully into the pavement. A jolt shot up the officer’s body as he cringed,
then went limp, unconscious.
Akira, enraged, ran at Adachi and kicked him forcefully, causing him to fall to his knees. He then
started angrily swiping his baton across his face while yelling obscenities, dealing significant
damage before sending him sprawling across the floor.
Gun Man turned to Kasuga and shot at him, grazing his shoulder. Kasuga ignored the pain, turned
to Adachi, and pulled him up. “Let’s finish this, Adachi-san!”
“Right!”
Kasuga turned to Akira and head butted him, breaking his nose. He gripped his face in pain and
stumbled backwards, bumping into the other officer.
Annoyed, said officer shoved him. Akira glared. He raised his fist to punch him… only to realize
his wrist was cuffed to the other officer’s. “Huh?!”
They both turned to stare at Adachi’s who had just gotten done cuffing them together. “Hehe.
Whoops.” With a shit-eating grin, he held the key up in front of them.
The two officers growled and ran at him to grab the key; he dodged, grabbed the no-name.
Kasuga grabbed Akira.
Acting in unison, they both slammed their opponents against each other, back to back, the backs of
their skulls colliding.
The chain between the cuffs snapped from the force, not that it mattered; both officers were down
and out, ending the fight.
Akira collapsed beside Makoto and spat blood that pooled into his mouth onto the pavement.
“Tch…!”

“Damn, that was a bit too easy,” Kasuga chuckled. “I almost feel bad, for clowning on a couple of
low-level douchebags. That’s bad form. Tsk tsk.”
The rain stopped. The fog started to clear. Adachi turned to his nephew and held his hand out.
“Hey, you alright?”
Tohru looked up at his uncle’s hand. “…Tch. What’s wrong with you?”
“Lotta things.”
“I mean, why did you do that?” Tohru shook his head. “Why did you step in like that? Don’t you
know what could’ve happened to you…?”
Adachi shrugged. “Hasn’t stopped me before. Got this guy to thank for my recently-located spine,”
he said as he gestured to Kasuga, who chuckled and rubbed the back of his neck.
“Hehe, nah, Adachi-san, you didn’t need me,” he said. “Doin’ the right thing’s always come
naturally to you.”
“Be that as it may…” Adachi turned back to his nephew, hand still outstretched. “Come on. Our
food’s waiting for us.”
Tohru stared at Koichi's hand a moment longer… and smirked. “Hmph. You’re a fool, uncle,” he
said as he gripped his hand and allowed himself to be pulled to his feet.
“So I’ve been told,” Adachi chuckled.
Nearby, Akira came to his senses and looked up at the trio. His eyes narrowed. “Bastards…” he
growled as he drew his service weapon—a revolver he had never fired. “YOU WON’T GET
AWAY WITH THIS!” He pointed the barrel at Tohru, his finger settling over the trigger…
…when the heel of a polished leather shoe made sharp contact with his face, loosening his teeth
and causing him to drop his gun. “Tch!” he yelled out in pain as he spat blood onto the floor. He
looked up at his assailant, eyes blazing with fury. “Who did that?!” Once he got a good look at
them… his eyes widened. “…Huh?!”
A woman stood nearby, her back to him, her brown hair cut to chin length. She wore an olive green
trench coat and black slacks. Her arms were crossed. “Did I just see you pull your weapon on a
civilian, officer?” she asked. She turned her head to glare at him. “Wait’ll Dojima-san hears about
this.”
Akira’s eyes widened even more. “D-detective Satonaka?! T-these men were—!”
“Don’t bother,” she scoffed. “ I saw everything.”
Akira grinned as he stood up. Makoto did as well, his head still spinning. “Then you already know.
These men assaulted an officer of the law.”
Kasuga clicked his tongue. “Tch. That ain’t what happened!”
“Arrest these men at once.”
Chie chuckled. “Oh, I’ll be making an arrest alright.” She glanced at Makoto. “Two of ‘em.”

Akira’s grin shrank… then became a sneer. “You… bitch!” He gripped her arm, tightly, though she
seemed unintimidated. “I’ll…!”
“I wouldn’t, if I were you,” an older male voice said from nearby.
Dressed in a dark grey work shirt and a red tie, he drew a cigarette to his lips and took a drag.
“Threatening a detective? That’s conduct unbecoming, officer.”
Akira shrank. “…C-Chief Dojima?”
Tohru’s eyes softened. “Dojima-san…”
“I would say it’s a good thing I showed up when I did,” Dojima chuckled, “but I’ve actually been
tailing you guys since the prison.”
Kasuga tilted his head. “Huh? Wait, you’ve been following us? And who are you, anyway?”
Dojima nodded. “Name’s Ryotaro Dojima. Yasoinaba police chief. Truth is… I was planning to be
standing on the other side when those gates opened up. Wanted to help make sure my old partner
could stand tall, after he had paid his debt to society. And… we thought it might be the case that…
Well, that nobody else would come.”
Tohru tilted his head. “…We?”
Dojima continued. “As we pulled up, though, we noticed something neither of us expected. Two
out-of-towners parked outside, waiting. I thought, ‘well, that’s strange. Only one person was
supposed to get out today.’ So… I stood back. I was curious. When I realized they were here for
you, I got even more curious. So instead of revealing myself… I followed you around a bit.”
He looked at Chie. “I’m a bit more curious about how you knew he was getting out today. I didn’t
tell anyone else.”
Chie chuckled. “Actually… Yukiko told me. She saw these guys driving past the inn. Let everyone
in the group chat know. So I ‘conveniently’ decided I’d patrol the shopping district today.” She
glared at Akira and Makoto. “Glad I did, too. Who knows what would’ve happened if I wasn’t
here?”
Dojima narrowed his eyes on them. “Well, isn’t that a pain in the ass. One of my boys gets out…
and I gotta put two more away.” A few more officers arrived at that moment; one each put Akira
and Makoto in handcuffs. “You’re both under arrest. And, needless to say… you’re fired. You can
pick up your last paycheck after we book you.”
Akira eyes fell.
Not because he felt guilty.
But because he knew in that moment that he had completely ruined his life.
Makoto gritted his teeth. “Man… I’m innocent!”
Kasuga scoffed. “Innocent? Dude, you tried to kill us, too.”

“I was just following this asshole’s orders!” Makoto argued. “Come on, Dojima-san… I made a
mistake. I won’t deny that. And unlike that douche,” he jutted his head to Tohru, “I learn from my
mistakes. So how about it… Maybe put me on leave for a bit? I won’t disappoint you again.”
Dojima closed his eyes and exhaled through his nose. “…You just did.”
Makoto’s eyes widened. “What? But…”
Dojima turned to the other officers. “Take them down to the station for booking and dismissal.”
“Yes sir!”
Akira struggled against his restraints. “Ngh! You know what? I’ll be GLAD when they fire you,”
he spat at Dojima. “You ask me? This whole department needs cleaning out! Akio Yamamoto is the
only guy in this country with the BALLS to do what needs to be done!”
“Classy,” Chie snorted as the two men were dragged away.
Kasuga frowned. “Yamamoto’s been fuckin’ with you guys too, huh?”
Dojima nodded. “He met with me a few days ago,” he revealed. “Told me he’d heard that some exTojo were turning up out here. Offered to ‘help’ with the problem. Said he could send some guys
from Bleach Japan out here, if I wanted.”
Chie clicked her tongue and shook her head. “Those ex-yakuza… they’re just trying to live their
lives. Why’s the past gotta follow them like that?”
Dojima smirked. “Anyway, I told him he could take his offer and stick it where the sun doesn't
shine. He didn’t like that very much. Now I’ve got PubSec investigating me. National Police
Agency’s telling me if they find evidence of misconduct, they’ll remove me. Retaliation, plain and
simple. But Yamamoto doesn’t scare me, and neither do his thugs.”
Chie chuckled. “Yeah. I’d like to see them try and tell us what to do. Threats might work over in
Tokyo, but we take care of our own out here.”
Dojima sighed. “You know… Kids these days are too young to remember… Hell, I’m too young to
remember, but I’m at least old enough to have heard stories… What Yamamoto and Bleach Japan
are doing reminds me a lot of what the generation before me went through. During the war.” He
shook his head. “It wasn’t just a war against the Americans. The things happening at home… That
was a war, too. A different kind of war. And I’m worried that Yamamoto’s trying to take us back to
those days.”
Kasuga clenched his fists. “Don’t worry, Dojima-san. We won’t let him.”
Dojima smirked. “Hmph. I take it you all aren’t exactly friends of the police.”
Kasuga chuckled and rubbed the back of his neck. “I would say that, exactly… but I knew
Yamamoto back in the Tojo Clan. He’s always been a prick. He tried to frame my friend for
murder.”
Chie’s eyes widened. “Wait… you’re not talking about Haruka Sawamura, right? We got an APB
about her. Tokyo is trying to lean on rural prefectures to help catch her. I knew something about that
wasn’t right!”

Dojima put a finger to his chin. “Tokyo’s being headed up by an ex-yakuza, huh? Looks like things
are worse than I thought. A lot worse.” He turned to Chie. “Satonaka. I want you to make sure
everyone is aware… if we get any orders from upstairs, I want the department to check in with me
first before we follow them. ‘Just following orders’ is how this country got into that mess in the 30s
and 40s. We’re not letting it happen again. Not if we can help it.”
Chie nodded. “Right.” Her eyes flickered to Tohru. There was a certain level of… distrust behind
them. “But that’s a problem for another day. Right now, I’m curious what his next move is?”
Adachi turned to his nephew. “…You could come back to Ijincho with us.”
Tohru raised an eyebrow. “Huh? But—.”
“I know what I said,” Adachi cut him off. “But… If you’re starting over from rock bottom… Well,
I can think of no better crew to help see you through it.”
Tohru appeared to consider it.
Dojima drew his cigarette back up to his lips and took another drag. “Before you make any
decisions, you should know… One other guy was waiting with me to see you out.”
Tohru’s eyes widened slightly. “Who?”
Dojima gestured to somebody behind them. “Turn around.”
The group turned to see who was standing behind them as footsteps echoed on the wet pavement.
A young man in his late twenties walked towards the group, hands in his pockets. He had silver
hair styled in a bowl cut—not unlike Kiryu’s, Kasuga noticed—and wore a black suit with a white
shirt. He wore his collar open and popped over the lapels of his suit.
Heh. This kid’s got style, Kasuga thought—a tad biased, all things considered. He leaned over to
Adachi. “That’s a hero if I’ve ever seen one,” he said quietly with a smirk.
Adachi just sighed.
“Nice of you to join us, Yu,” Chie chuckled. Then she frowned. “…Were you just hiding around the
corner the whole time?”
The man, Yu, chuckled as well. “Heh. You know I like to make an entrance.”
“Was now really the time to aura farm?!” Chie asked, her voice squeaking with warm irritation.
“Yes.”
Chie sighed and shook her head. “Just what are we gonna do with you…?”
Kasuga tilted his head. “Aura… farming?”
“Millennials,” Adachi scoffed.
Yu turned to Tohru and held his hand out. “Welcome back, Adachi-san,” he said without smiling—
not that he smiled normally, with an amused smirk being the most one could usually get out of him.

“I trust prison treated you okay?”
Tohru stared at his hand for only a moment, before shaking it. “Once they removed me from the
psych ward,” he said with a goofy smirk. “Turns out you can’t tell the truth anymore without
people thinking you’re nuts.”
“Hmph. I bet.” He turned to the group. “Now I don’t know about you all… but I’m starving.
Anybody up for beef bowls?”
Kasuga grinned and nodded. “Heh. We were actually just waiting on our food over at Aiya. You
should join us! My treat!”
Yu shook his head. “No, no. That won’t do. You guys are guests here.”
Chie nodded. “Uh huh! Yu’s got the bill!”
Yu slowly turned to stare at Chie. “…You mean ‘Yu and I’ have the bill, right?”
Chie shook her head. “Nope.”
“I’m not your wallet, Chie.”
“Well, Yosuke doesn’t get off ‘til 5, so, somebody has to be.”
Dojima squinted. “Do I not pay you enough?”
Chie moaned. “You don’t ever reimburse me!”
“For what?”
“Food! It’s a work expense!” Everyone stared at her. She got defensive. “All that protein is part of
my training! And with inflation being what it is these days, I’m basically blowing my whole check
on meat!”
“She’s got a point,” Kasuga muttered. “I mean, beef costs so much now compared to before I went
to prison. Used to be you could get a good beef bowl for like, ¥500.”
Chie nodded. “Uh huh! And I’m out here paying hundreds of thousands a week!”
Kasuga frowned. “…A week?” Just how much steak does this girl eat?!
He stared at Chie, wide-eyed.
She just smiled at him.
***
The group returned to Aiya and ate.
Kasuga’s Mega Beef Bowl, predictably, was way more than he could handle. He barely made a dent
in it before he was full. “Man… I feel like I’m in the meat dimension,” he said, feeling bloated.
Chie, who had already finished her own bowl, stared at his with a predatory gaze. “…You gonna
finish that?”

Kasuga stared at his bowl, sighed, then pushed it over to her. “Yeah, whatever. Go nuts, man.”
With a grin, Chie grabbed her chopsticks and started chowing down. Kasuga turned to stare at Yu,
who had also ordered a Mega Beef Bowl.
He was destroying it. More than halfway done and he didn’t look ready to stop. Kasuga stared at
him, wide-eyed. Holy shit… these kids are terrifying.
Tohru scooped up some of his beef with his chopsticks and swallowed it, then put the chopsticks
down. “Say, Yu… lemme ask you something.”
Yu turned to him, a nearly-visible question mark on his face.
“Back then… after everything happened…” Tohru said, “…When I got locked up. You kept writing
to me. How come?”
Yu thought about it as he continued to shovel beef into his mouth. He chewed. He swallowed. He
put his chopsticks down and leaned back, arms crossed, staring at the ceiling. “Hm. Well… it’s
probably because… I know what it’s like.”
Tohru blinked. “You know what what’s like?”
“To be alone. You know?” Uncrossing his arms, Yu picked up his chopsticks and resumed grabbing
pieces of meat, stirring it around with the rice. “I mean… Before I came to Inaba… I really didn’t
have that many friends. Kinda kept to myself, didn’t really socialize.”
“That explains a lot,” Chie snorted.
Yu’s lips twitched as he suppressed a smirk. “When you and I would hang out in front of Junes…
all the stuff you were saying… It was concerning, but… It just kind of made me sad, you know?”
He shoveled more meat into his mouth. “‘Cause like… I knew what it was like to feel like that.
And the only reason I am who I am now… is ‘cause I had my friends. Yosuke, and Yukiko, and
Kanji, Rise, Teddie, and Naoto.”
“What am I, chopped liver?” Chie asked aloud.
“You… are a serial mooch,” Yu replied. “Heh. And the one besides Yosuke who’s put up with me
the longest. And you’re the one who talked sense into the both of us when we were ready to do
something… bad.”
Chie blushed at this as she devoured Kasuga’s food, and though Kasuga didn’t understand the
context, something in the way Yu said ‘something bad’ told him exactly what he was talking about.
“…You too, huh?” he asked.
Yu nodded. “Yup. And it’s only because of my friends that I was pulled up from rock bottom.”
He turned back to Tohru. “Point is… No matter where you’re at in life, as long as you have one guy
that believes in you, you can pull yourself back up.” He shrugged. “That’s why I wrote, Adachisan. As angry as I was… letting you be alone wasn’t going to make things any better. At least… I
didn’t think so.”
This is a guy who had his own journey, Kasuga thought as silence settled over the table. The hero of
someone else’s story. Right on, Narukami-san. Right on.

Tohru pondered this as he ate his beef bowl. “…Hey, uncle?”
Adachi paused, mid bite. “Mm?”
“I appreciate the offer, but… I think I’m gonna pass. I don’t know what’s next for me from here,
but… I think I’m gonna stay in Inaba for a little bit.” Tohru took a bite of rice. “It would be easy to
skip town, move somewhere where there’s no baggage. But I made a promise,” he said as he
glanced up at Yu. “A promise that I would play by this world’s rules, from now on. And that means
I can’t take the easy way out.”
Chie pursed her lips as she finished off Kasuga’s beef bowl. “…Well. Don’t expect everyone to
welcome you with open arms. Yosuke in particular…”
Yu also finished his bowl. “Yeah. He’s gonna be a tough sell. Chie’s easily bribed with meat,
but…”
“Am not!” Chie exclaimed indignantly.
A moment later, she noticed she had missed a thin slice of beef in Kasuga’s bowl. She very quickly
scooped this up with her chopsticks and swallowed it whole.
Yu watched her do this with a serious look on his face. “…Right.”
Tohru shook his head. “I’m not sticking around to make friends with everyone. I already know it’s
far too late for that.”
Dojima nodded as he ate from his plate consisting only of vegetables. “As long as you try your best
to do better going forward, that’s all I need. Mm. These… are some great vegetables.”
Chie’s lips were still pursed. “…That’d be a good start,” she admitted.
“Who all is still around, anyway?” Tohru asked.
Yu glanced at Chie with a raised eyebrow as he thought about it. “Most of us, actually,” he said. “I
came back to Inaba a few years back. Chie, of course you can see, is a detective with the police
now.”
Chie nodded. “I run a little thing on the side, cover your ears Dojima-san,” she said, and he
mockingly obliged, “but ever since the Great Dissolution, we get ex-Tojo Clan guys from Tokyo
showing up around here trying to disappear. I help them find legal jobs, get apartments, phone
plans, whatever they need to get back on their feet.”
Adachi nodded. “Mm! That reminds me. Tohru, here,” he said as he placed a smartphone on the
table. “You’re gonna need one of these to do basically anything on the outside. That’s my previous
one. It’s an older model, but it’ll do the trick. My phone number is in the contacts list already, so
give me a call if you need anything. Or if you just wanna talk. I’m not much of a talker though.”
Tohru snorted. “Appreciate it, uncle.”
Yu started listing his friends on his finger. “Yukiko’s still at the inn… Yosuke’s the assistant
manager at Junes by day… music producer by night. Said he didn’t wanna turn that into a job or
he’d hate it.”

Kasuga tilted his head. “So, what, he doesn’t hate his day job?”
“He does,” Yu said flatly.
“I’m trying to convince him to go pro,” Chie said, jamming a thumb into her chest. “He could
make millions!”
“Chie really wants a rich friend,” Yu added, earning an annoyed glare—which caused him to smirk.
“Teddie still works at Junes, too. He’s still the mascot.”
So that’s who that weirdo behind the counter was, Kasuga thought but did not say because he has
manners.
“Rise’s still in music,” Yu said. “One of the rare teen idols to break into the mainstream as an adult.
She’s touring right now, but when she’s not touring she comes back to Inaba.”
“Kanji-kun’s running the textile shop now!” Chie said. “He got an online shop set up during the
pandemic, so he ships his creations all over the world, now.”
“And Naoto works for Interpol now,” Yu finished. “They’re not allowed to talk much about that.
Last I heard, I think they were going to Hawaii. Something about piracy around the nearby
islands.”
“And what do you do?” Tohru asked.
“Independently wealthy multi-billionaire philanthropist,” Yu said flatly.
Tohru blinked.
He honestly could not ever tell if this kid was joking or not.
Adachi turned to his nephew. “You sure you’re gonna be alright?”
Tohru nodded. “Yeah. I think so. I just need to take things one step at a time.”
Kasuga grinned. “Hell yeah, Adachi-san.” Curious about something, he then turned to Dojima.
“Say, Dojima-san… I gotta ask. You related to Daigo Dojima?”
Dojima raised an eyebrow. “…The yakuza?”
“Yeah.”
Dojima nodded. “Half-brother on our dad’s side.”
Kasuga’s eyes widened. “R-really?!”
With a glare, Dojima shook his head. “No. Do you know how common that name is? You think
everybody with the same last name is related?”
Kasuga went silent. “…Oh.”
His face went red, and the whole table burst out into laughter.

The group finished their food. Yu and Dojima (and Chie, reluctantly) paid for the table, and they
stepped out so Kasuga could smoke a cigarette. While Tohru and Koichi continued to converse near
the car, Yu approached Kasuga, who stood off to the side so as to not smoke up the doorway. “So…
You all are heading back to Yokohama?” Yu asked.
Kasuga nodded. “Yeah. We got business to take care of. Akio Yamamoto and Bleach Japan…
somebody’s gotta take a stand. Otherwise… who knows where we’ll be in ten years.”
“I know the feeling,” Yu said as he leaned against the wall and crossed his arms. “A decade ago…
things were pretty bad in this town. My friends and I decided to do something about it.” He glanced
at him. “Didn’t want my little cousin Nanako to grow up in the world that would’ve been if we
didn’t stand up and do something.”
Kasuga chuckled and took a drag. “Heh. Birds of a feather, you and I… Difference is, I needed way
longer to get my shit together.”
“You all gonna be okay?” Yu asked. “My friends and I… we could help.”
Kasuga shook his head and stamped out his cigarette. “Nah. Appreciate the offer, but this is our
fight, and we’re gonna fight it.”
Yu nodded. “Fair enough. Well then.” He held his hand out. “Until next time, Ichiban Kasuga.”
Kasuga grinned. “Heh. Right back at you, Yu Narukami.” He shook his hand and walked back
towards the car. “Alright, Adachi-san. You ready to head out?”
Adachi nodded. “Yeah. Come on, we can probably still beat traffic.”
They got in the car, Adachi started it, and with one last glance at his nephew… pulled away.
Yu, Chie, Tohru, and Dojima watched the car leave.
“Think they’ll be alright?” Chie asked as the car disappeared onto the expressway.
Yu nodded. “Yeah. They’ve got this.”
Adachi frowned and crossed his arms. “…Hm. Maybe I should have told them…”
Yu tilted his head. “Told them what?”
Adachi sighed. “The thing is… I didn’t expect anyone to see me out of there… But I did get one
visitor on my last full day inside.”
Dojima furrowed his brow. “Who?”
“No idea,” Adachi admitted. “It wasn’t anybody I knew, that’s for sure. And… I don’t think they
were from around here. They wouldn’t give me a name, either. Not a real one, anyway. He called
himself… Kage.”
The man’s face flashed in his mind. He was tall, with short brown hair, slicked back except for a
loose piece swept to the right side of his face. Dressed in a black raincoat, he had entered Adachi’s
cell at night. “He told me… he was with ‘a’ government.”

Chie furrowed her brow. “You mean the government.”
Adachi shook his head. “No. He was very specific. ‘A’ government. He told me that he represented
a faction within a faction… exiles among exiles. He offered me a deal. ‘Die’ in my cell that night…
and join his faction.
“‘You possess abilities that would be a great asset to us,’ he said. I asked him what he was talking
about. He told me I already knew. ‘There’s a battle coming up,’ he told me. ‘And we want to make
sure you’re on the right side.’ I told him I wasn’t interested in picking sides. He just chuckled. ‘You
will be soon enough,’ he said.”
Adachi shook his head. “And then… he left, just like that. Didn’t leave a card or anything.”
Chie shivered. “Creepy…”
Adachi looked back down the road where Ichiban and his uncle had disappeared. “Something tells
me… Whatever ‘battle’ he was talking about was the same one Kasuga and Uncle are walking
into.”
Yu followed his gaze, a serious look on his face. “…Then they better not lose.”

Chapter 121: The Viper and the Hero of Kamurocho
Akio Yamamoto sat in his Millennium Tower office, feet up on his desk, moonlight wrapping
around his form. One foot waved idly over the other.
Two Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department officers stood across from him, bowing. “…Status
report,” he said.
One officer straightened out. “The raid on Mitsuru Kirijo’s penthouse in Odaiba is complete,” he
said.
“…And?”
The two officers stared at each other nervously. “Well… It was empty.”
Yamamoto’s foot paused. The moonlight glinted off of the polished leather of his shoe like a blade.
“…Empty?”
“Yes sir. It appears… she had left the apartment several days before, taking all personal effects with
her. Furniture, computers, phones, documents… all of it was gone.”
Yamamoto stared at him. “…Gone,” he repeated. “That’s grounds for an arrest warrant, don’t you
think?”
“S-sir?”
Yamamoto pulled his feet from the desk and stood up. He began pacing the room. “See… it sounds
to me… like she has something to hide.” Glanced at the officers. “Otherwise, why would she run?
Better yet… who the fuck tipped her off?”
“W-we don’t know sir, but—!”
Yamamoto waved a hand dismissively. “Save it. Raid her company. Find out where she is. Arrest
her.”
“B-but we don’t have a warrant!” the officer protested. “And in order to get one, a prosecutor
would have to—!”
“Then find a prosecutor,” Yamamoto growled. “Get the request in front of a judge. I want whatever
they’re hiding at that company. If you can’t get it done, I’ll find somebody who will. Do I make
myself clear?”
The officers bowed. “Y-yes sir, Commissioner…”
“Good. You are dismissed.”
The officers quickly straightened out and shuffled out, not wanting to be in front of this man any
longer than they had to.
“Idiots…” Yamamoto growled.

“You’re searching in the wrong direction,” a low voice suddenly said from the shadows.
Yamamoto’s eyes widened. “Who said that?”
Footsteps echoed throughout the room as a figure emerged from the shadows. “The Kirijo Group is,
simply put, not relevant to your plight,” the man said as he held a handkerchief to his nose,
sniffling slightly.
Soma.
His eyes narrowed on Yamamoto. “It’s Ichiban Kasuga and Haruka Sawamura you want, is it not?”
Yamamoto pulled a drawer open on his desk, grabbing a revolver and pointing it at Soma. “Who
the fuck are you? Where the fuck did you come from?”
“I’m a friend,” Soma replied, holding up a placating hand. “One with the same problem as you.
People, who don’t know their place.” He paced the room, the barrel of Yamamoto’s gun following
him as he did. “You’ve dealt with that for quite some time, haven’t you? Ever since your days in
the Nishikiyama Family…”
“Who told you that?” Yamamoto blurted. “Are you Public Security? Ministry of Justice? One of the
Prime Minister’s goons?”
“No, no, and no,” Soma replied. He sniffled into his handkerchief. “No, I don’t represent this
government.” He put his hands in his pocket. “I represent… a government in exile. One which
you’ve orbited your entire career.” He pointed. “Ryo Aoki. He was your mentor, was he not?”
“He was not,” Yamamoto scoffed.
“Right. Right.” Soma chuckled. “He was useful. A stepping stone, so you could get to where you
are now. That… is the role that I serve. I am merely a stepping stone… so that you may achieve
great heights. Great, great heights.”
“The hell does that mean?”
Soma approached the window. “I represent a… faction, within the old government. We make
problems disappear.” He turned back to Yamamoto, smirking. “We can make yours disappear.”
“Yeah?” Yamamoto asked, his grip on the gun not wavering. “How?”
Soma approached Yamamoto and produced a folder from his suit pocket, tossing it lazily onto his
desk. “That’s how.”
Yamamoto narrowed his eyes on Soma; they then darted to the folder. “…What is this?”
“Open it.”
Yamamoto stared suspiciously at Soma for another moment.
Soma smirked. “Go on.”
Slowly, the police commissioner lowered his pistol and set it on the desk, before tentatively
opening the folder. As his eyes scanned the documents contained within, they slowly widened.

“This is…”
“Damning, isn’t it?” Soma asked rhetorically. “Evidentiary, one might even say. Governor Yoshida
might keep a clean record for the cameras, but, well… my people know better.”
“Nobody else has seen this?” Yamamoto asked, to which Soma slowly shook his head. “Then…
how did you get it?”
Soma’s smirk widened. “My faction… is what made that disappear in the first place.” He stepped
closer. Just one step. “I think we can help each other. Would you like to see what else we have?
What kinds of people may be aiding Haruka Sawamura in her quest? One name, in particular, I
think might interest you. One I’m sure you wrote off six years ago… as did much of the rest of the
underworld.”
He shrugged. “I also know… how to hurt her. How to destroy her. How to control her. And if
Haruka Sawamura is in your grasp…”
Yamamoto gazed back down at the dossier. “…Ichiban Kasuga and Masaharu Kaito are not far
behind.”
Soma tossed one more photo on top of the dossier.
A boy.
“Haruka Sawamura cares only about one thing,” he announced. “Threaten that, and you’ll find her
and all of her friends on your doorstep.”
Yamamoto eyed Soma suspiciously. “What do you want from me? You’re not doing this for
nothing.”
“I am merely ensuring I am on the winning side,” Soma replied as he paced the room. “My
employers once controlled politics in this country. Our power has been diminished by the fall of the
Citizens’ Liberal Party.”
He halted in his step and smirked at Yamamoto. “Surely you don’t intend to languish in this office,
do you? No, you have your sights set on higher ambitions. Tokyo today. Tomorrow? Perhaps all
Japan. I am merely attaching my faction to your success. Bleach Japan are your enforcers… let us
be your eyes and your ears. In the underworld, and beyond.”
Yamamoto continued to stare at him, not fully convinced. “…What’s your name?”
Soma’s smirk widened into a grin. “Kazuki Soma.”
Yamamoto scoffed. “That’s impossible. I’ve read about that case. Kazuki Soma is dead. Hung
himself in his cell.”
“Perhaps,” Soma replied. “Or perhaps… Men like me ‘die’ all the time… and are reborn anew. I
am just another man who erased his name… and there are others.”
“Oh yeah? Like who?”
Soma stepped closer. “All kinds of people. People you may even know. Legends… nobodies…
dragons.”

He placed particular emphasis on that final title, which Yamamoto pondered. “…Dragons?”
Soma began to walk towards the door. “I’ll leave you with one last idea to ponder,” he said. “Your
yakuza past is not nearly as hidden as you think. That glove on your hand is a dead giveaway that
underneath all of the bluster and political maneuvers… you’re nothing but a thug. That’s how your
enemies see you… and they’re dying to let the world know.”
Yamamoto growled. “Niijima…”
“That’s ammunition,” Soma continued. “…But just as I ‘died’ before I could be killed… There is
utility in taking a bullet before your enemy is ready.” He turned his head to Yamamoto slightly.
“Take it in just the right spot… and it may even make you stronger.”
He opened the door. “I’ll be in touch.” And then, he left, Yamamoto watching the door as it slowly
shut behind him.
He glanced back down at the dossier in his hands.
At the photo of Haruto Sawamura.
His eyes narrowed.
As Soma exited the elevator into the Millennium Tower’s lobby, he put on a blue medical mask to
conceal his identity and pulled out his cellphone, dialing a number that belonged to Tanaka’s
burner. It rang.
And rang.
And rang.
He frowned beneath the mask. “…Idiots probably got themselves killed,” he muttered.
Tanaka’s phone vibrated on a metal table, causing it to fall off. The screen shattered as it hit the
concrete floor.
Seonhee glanced at it. “Who’s calling you?” she asked with a slight smile on her face. “…Come
now. Don’t be shy. I’m going to get the truth out of you anyway.”
Sitting tied back to back in a pair of uncomfortable wooden chairs across from her were Tanaka and
Hashimoto of the Daidoji Faction.
"...I think I'm going to have some fun with you two," she chuckled.

Chapter 122: Factions
Chapter Notes

Back in chapter 120, I erroneously referred to a certain Daidoji Faction agent as "Shadow";
this was his beta name that I changed midway through writing the arc, it appears I missed a
reference or two. The correct name, now reflected in the updated chapter, is "Kage", who
Soma was first told about in chapter 114. Apologies.

Tanaka’s phone vibrated on a metal table, causing it to fall off. The screen shattered as it hit the
concrete floor.
Seonhee glanced at it. “Who’s calling you?” she asked with a slight smile on her face. She turned to
the man. “…Come now. Don’t be shy. I’m going to get the truth out of you anyway.”
Sitting tied back to back in a pair of uncomfortable wooden chairs across from her were Tanaka and
Hashimoto of the Daidoji Faction. They struggled against their restraints. “P-please, just let us go!”
Tanaka gasped. “We’ll leave Ijincho alone! We promise!”
Joongi arrived, wearing a mask. He handed Seonhee a handgun. The two men trembled and
whimpered even harder.
Seonhee released the magazine and caught it in her hand, turning it to face the two men.
She wanted to make sure they knew it was loaded.
She slid it back into the gun and pulled the slide back, arming it. “You know, I really thought I
might be able to have some fun with you,” she cooed, pouting. “You seemed to think so too when I
approached you. Should’ve seen the looks on your faces. You both were so excited.” She pointed
the gun at Tanaka’s forehead. “But we can’t have any fun… if you don’t cooperate.”
“Don’t pull that trigger, Seonhee,” a man’s voice said from the darkness as footsteps approached.
Hanawa and Sae stepped out of the shadows. “At least… not yet,” Hanawa said, hands in his
pockets.
Seonhee frowned. “Really killing my buzz here.”
“H-Hanawa-san!” Hashimoto exclaimed. “Thank God, you’re—!”
Hanawa drew a pistol from his suit jacket, pointing it at Hashimoto with a click and causing him to
yelp in surprise. “Don’t presume anything,” Hanawa chuckled. “I may very well let her kill you…
might even join in the fun. You’re working with Viper… aren’t you?”
Hashimoto violently shook his head. “Uh-uh! No! I mean, yes, but— BUT IT’S NOT LIKE WE
HAVE A CHOICE!” he exclaimed desperately as Hanawa’s finger settled over the trigger.

Tanaka nodded. “Yeah! That guy’s a fucking psycho! You know what he’ll do to us if we don’t
comply?!”
Hanawa stared at them. “You’re awfully quiet, prosecutor,” he said. “You’re about to witness two
murders. Nothing to say about that?”
Sae stared at them coldly.
In truth, she already knew what was going to happen to them.
She and Hanawa had discussed it.
“They’re Daidoji, right? Just like you. Legally, they don’t even exist.” She crossed her arms and
yawned. “So there’ll be no murders to charge you with.”
Hanawa smirked. “Hmph. Shit. Bad luck, huh?”
The two men's eyes widened. “Wait! WAITWAITWAIT—!”
“Although…” Hanawa mused as he pulled his weapon up, pointing it towards the ceiling, “…if you
really don’t want to work for him… perhaps there’s another solution here.” He had an expression of
mock ponderance.
Seonhee smirked. “Oh? What’s that?”
“Well I was just thinking… there’re probably a lot of guys like this.” He glanced at Sae. “Could be
useful if we had some of them on our side, yeah?”
Sae put a finger to her chin. “Hm. You do raise a good point, Hanawa-san. Maybe… it would be
best if you let them live.”
A predatory look entered Seonhee’s eyes. “Well, if they flip on Viper… wouldn’t they flip on us
just as easily?”
Hanawa shrugged. “Maybe. But he’d probably kill them. And if he doesn’t, well… we might have
to go back to the original plan. And they know that.”
“Sounds like you’re stuck between a rock and a hard place,” Seonhee said with a small grin. “So
what’ll it be?”
Tanaka shook his head. “I-if you let us live, we’ll tell you everything we know! Promise!”
Hanawa stared at them for one moment longer, his eyes unreadable behind his glasses. He glanced
at Seonhee and nodded subtly.
She lowered her gun, slowly.
“Very well,” Hanawa said. “Welcome to the resistance, gentlemen.”
The two men let out a heavy breath.
Tanaka had pissed himself.

Hashimoto had completely passed out.
More footsteps echoed as Haruka, Kiryu, Kasuga, and Yagami emerged from the shadows.
“Took the act a little overboard there, didn’t you?” Kiryu asked.
Hanawa chuckled. “Hmph. Gotta make ‘em sweat a little.”
“So… you think we can trust them?” Kasuga asked, crossing his arms.
Hanawa shook his head. “‘Course not. But hey… this is a start.”
Haruka sniffed the air. “…Somebody should get that one a change of pants…”
Seonhee blinked. “…Wait. Were we meant to be acting?”
Sae inhaled sharply. Kasuga grimaced. Yagami simply shook his head. “Tch.”
And Haruka sighed. “Well… It all worked out.”
“Let’s just hope that they can tell us what we need to know…” Hanawa said quietly as he eyed the
two men.
***
The two agents were taken to Yokohama 99 so Kiryu, Hanawa, Yagami and Sae could interrogate
them. Sugiura, Kaito, Tsukumo and Amasawa stood off to the side, as did Haruka and Kasuga.
“We sure are taking a lot of prisoners lately,” Haruka commented.
Kaito snorted. “You get used to it.”
Kasuga blinked. “Ain’tcha supposed to be a detective, Kaito-san? Meaning operating legally?”
“That’s a police detective,” Kaito said. “We’re private detectives. Haven’t you ever seen the
movies? ‘Sides… there’s nothin’ illegal about this. They walked here with their own two feet.”
“Only after Seonhee pointed a loaded gun at them…” Kasuga reminded him.
Kaito shrugged. “That’s still a choice. I mean, personally, I wouldn’t have stooped to methods like
that.”
Haruka tilted her head. “…You pointed a gun at a prison guard during my breakout.”
“Ahh… that was different. It was his gun. If I didn’t take it, he was gonna shoot me.”
Sugiura glanced at Amasawa, by far the youngest one here at only 19—and the most innocent by a
country mile. “You regret takin’ that internship, yet?”
“Sherlock Holmes did this kind of thing constantly,” Amasawa replied.
“…I guess I can’t really dispute that, but that seems wrong.”

“Hey, does it matter if what we’re doin’ breaks the law?” Kaito asked. “Seriously. We’re not
putting these guys on trial. We’re trying to figure out exactly what we’re up against.”
Sae glanced at him. “It matters to me.”
Kaito waved at the general situation. “News to me.”
“Extenuating circumstances, Kaito-san…”
Kaito snorted. “Yeah, okay, whatever.”
Yagami crossed his arms. “So… this ‘Viper’… Who is he, exactly?”
“Sick son of a bitch,” Tanaka sighed. “He gets off on misery. Murdered a bunch of the higher-ups
in the Daidoji himself, including The Boss. Made Hashimoto and I watch. Man, I don’t scare easily,
but that guy? He terrifies me.”
“You pissed yourself back in the Geomijul HQ,” Kaito pointed out.
“Only because they know me,” Seonhee said with a smirk. “They know what I’m capable of.”
Haruka tilted her head. “Hm? They do?”
Seonhee nodded. “These two idiots were my point of contact with the Daidoji. They connected me
to Kiryu-san, and they were the ones who paid me to scare you out of Ijincho.”
“So… they paid you to shoot me?” Haruka asked.
“With a rubber bullet,” Seonhee clarified. “In any case… they know exactly what I’m capable of.”
She leaned forward. “Which begs the question… Why did I catch you snooping around the Bar
District? Surely you had some idea of what would happen to you.”
“Acceptable risk,” Hashimoto said. “Viper tasked us with getting in contact with you, so that we
could establish operations in Ijincho. It’s one of the only cities in Kanto that the Daidoji haven’t
been able to penetrate.”
“We knew we would likely get caught,” Tanaka added. “And we knew you wouldn’t be receptive,
given you reneged on the original deal to keep Haruka Sawamura out of Ijincho. But man, as scary
as you are, Viper is worse.”
“Now that is concerning,” Seonhee said as she crossed her legs. “Either I’m going soft, or this
Viper really is insane.”
“But who is he?” Yagami demanded. “Obviously Kiryu-san and Hanawa know, but they won’t tell
me.”
“Because it changes nothing,” Kiryu responded. “He’s a bad guy. That’s all you need to know.”
Tanaka sighed. “I wouldn’t know anyway. We’re… pretty low on the food chain. Only reason we
know Kiryu’s identity is because we were a part of the operation to fake his death six years ago.
Otherwise, he would just be ‘Joryu’ to us.”

Hanawa leaned back in his seat and crossed his arms, staring up at the ceiling. “So… Viper rules on
fear alone.”
“How else would the Daidoji rule?” Yagami asked.
“Information,” Hanawa replied. “Information and leverage. For example: Kiryu doesn’t work for us
because he’s afraid we’ll kill him, or expose him to the world. Telling Kazuma Kiryu to do what
you say or you’ll hurt him is about as useful as explaining fiscal policy to an eight year old.” He
shook his head. “No, Kiryu works for us because he’s afraid of what’ll happen to Haruka, and the
others at Morning Glory if he angers us.” There was a hint of regret in his voice as he said this.
“Fear controls the weak,” he concluded. “But not forever. By acting as a strongman, Viper’s
running a weak operation. That’s useful. For us, anyway.”
A man whose power comes from the fears of those beneath him… Yagami thought to himself. Who
finds violence pleasurable. That sounds like… could it be? “…Kiryu-san. I’d like to ask you
something. Can I trust you to answer me honestly?”
Yagami wouldn’t have said that unless he had figured something out, Kiryu figured. He glanced at
Haruka.
Damn it, Yagami. Not here.
“…No,” Kiryu replied. “You cannot.”
Yagami stared at him. Then followed his glance to Haruka. He recalled a conversation the three of
them had back in Sotenbori.
***
Kiryu sighed as the group stepped out onto the streets. “What exactly is it you want from me,
detective?”
Yagami leaned in close. “There was a man in custody who did a lot of awful things to a lot of good
people. Murdered an innocent woman in cold blood. And he had dirt on the government that was
complicit in his crimes. A couple of weeks ago, he went and hanged himself in his cell. But I knew
that man. He wasn’t suicidal.” His eyes narrowed. “I think… he was murdered. And I think the
Daidoji Faction had something to do with it.”
Kiryu scoffed. “Well, that may very well be true. I wouldn’t know, though. That’s not in my
wheelhouse.”
“That’s why I want to talk to your handler,” Yagami replied. “This… Hanawa. I think he has the
answers I want. But I need to stick close to you to get to him.”
“You’re very upfront about your manipulations,” Kiryu joked.
“It’s not manipulation if I tell you what’s going on ahead of time.”
“Hmph. I suppose so.”
“I assume you’re talking about Kazuki Soma, Yagami-san,” Haruka said. Then, a bit colder, she
asked “Does it really matter what happened to him? He got what he deserved.”

Kiryu turned to glance at Haruka. “Hm? What makes you say that? You didn’t know him, I’m
sure.”
Haruka shook her head. “No. But… he’s the one who murdered Yuta. Majima-san said so.”
Kiryu halted in his step. His jaw clenched. His fists clenched, his knuckles turning white. “…I see.
I’m sorry, Haruka.”
Yagami raised an eyebrow. “Something the matter, Kiryu?”
Kiryu shook his head. “No. But Haruka’s right. Regardless of what happened to… this man you
speak of… He can’t hurt anyone anymore.”
***
Back in the present, Yagami exhaled slowly. He was starting to piece it all together. “…Alright,
Kiryu-san. I understand.” With a sigh, he leaned back in this chair. “Well… I can see, anyway, that
we’re up against something big. Dangerous. But fightable.”
Kiryu nodded. “Yeah. And we’ll win.”
Yagami’s gaze hardened. “We have to.” For Haruka-chan’s sake… for Sawa-sensei’s sake… and for
your sake, Kiryu-san.
Hanawa leaned forward. “So… if Viper’s taken out leadership… where does that leave
Yoshimura?”
“Yoshimura hasn’t been back to the temple since the massacre,” Tanaka replied. “Neither him…
nor Kage.”
“Sorry… who?” Kasuga asked.
Tanaka shook his head. “It’s like we told Viper. We don’t know who he is. All we know is he’s been
with the Faction longer than either of us, and he doesn’t stick around the temple for very long. We
don’t know where he goes or what he does. We just know that he reports directly to Yoshimura.”
“Real cohesive Faction you’ve got there,” Yagami scoffed.
Hanawa simply shook his head in response. “We all work toward the same goal. At least, we did…
until one asshole decided to screw it all up.”
“One asshole that you recruited,” Kiryu reminded him.
“Mistakes were made. In any case, the Faction is compartmentalized, but our goals are not. It’s not
so different from how the government operates publicly.”
Kaito frowned. “Uhhh… explain?”
“I see what he’s getting at,” Sae said as she crossed her arms, looking thoughtful. “The Citizens’
Liberal Party—well, until this past election, anyway—have had a stranglehold on Japanese politics
nearly uninterrupted since after the war. In any other parliamentary system, one-party dominance
for this long would be unsustainable.

“The CLP survives, or did, for two reasons.” She held out a finger. “One: the opposition is
fractured. Except for the 2016 election, in which many opposition leaders chose not to field
candidates in favor of co-endorsing Masayoshi Shido’s Tokyo Ishin Party—itself a breakaway from
the CLP—there are typically anywhere between six and ten candidates on the ballot, particularly in
urban localities, where the CLP tends to poll the weakest. The result is that the Party’s preferred
candidate can often win with relatively small shares of the vote.”
She held out a second finger. “The second is that the CLP is internally more factional than it
appears from the outside. You ever wonder why we go through Prime Ministers more frequently
than other constitutional monarchies, such as Australia or New Zealand? This is why. If party
support slips, the party turns on the Prime Minister and installs a new one, giving the impression of
renewal. It’s how they recovered so quickly after losing the government to Shido’s goons. Out with
the old leader, in with the new. And with a new party leader at the helm, a bunch of Shido ministers
jumped ship after his arrest and came back home. Enough that they were able to force a new
election.”
She looked around the room. “I know there are those in this room who were likely celebrating the
CLP’s downfall in the elections earlier this year. I count myself among them. But they’ll be back
sooner rather than later for the reasons I’ve outlined. Presumably, this is why the Daidoji continue
to operate despite their diminished power; Even with Ryo Aoki and Reiko Kusumoto tarnishing the
Party’s reputation during the initial years of the Reiwa Era, they know their guys will be back in
control soon enough.”
Kasuga shook his head. “Damn. The more things change…”
“Well, that’s just it,” Tanaka said. “Viper… he doesn’t intend to wait for the CLP to come back.”
Hanawa stared at him. “…What does that mean? The CLP and the Daidoji are one and the same.”
Tanaka shook his head. “Viper… he intends to ally the Daidoji with the new government, using
Akio Yamamoto as a springboard.”
“That would be suicide,” Hanawa replied in a low voice. “The Citizens’ Liberal Party is embedded
in every layer of Daidoji infrastructure. If Viper burns that bridge, there’s no incentive to stop them
from destroying us from within.”
Hashimoto sighed. “You try telling him that… it’s like we said. The guy’s a psycho. Anyone who
disagrees with him is killed.”
“Spines must be difficult to come by in the Daidoji,” Sae scoffed. “One of him. A bunch of you. Do
the math, will you? At some point, cowardice is indistinguishable from collaboration.”
“It’s not that simple!”
“Bullshit,” Kaito chuckled. “Look, you’re scared? Fine. I ain’t gonna fault you on that. But don’t
pretend it’s any deeper than that.”
“I know what it’s like to play by the rules of the establishment because of fear,” Sae added. “I was
complicit in the worst impulses of the Ministry during my time with the SIU, which is what led to
Shido’s rise in the first place. Did anybody blame me for it? No. But that didn’t make it right.
Sometimes… you have to stand up for what’s right, even when you’re scared to death of it. I
didn’t… and that’s a shadow that will hang over me for the rest of my career.”

“Well… that’s why we’re here!” Tanaka said. “Working with you guys! We’re tired of being ruled
by fear!”
Haruka blinked. “…You joined us because Seonhee threatened to shoot you.”
“Well, whatever the case, I’m sure there are a lot of guys like them working under Viper,” Hanawa
said. “As I said: a strong man builds weak systems. Partly by design. Means the system cannot
survive without him… but it also means there are pressure points. Play our cards right, and we can
bring the whole house down.”
“What about Yoshimura?” Kiryu asked. “We should be expecting him to step in, no? After all, he
was next in line to lead the Daidoji.”
“I suspect he’s content watching from the shadows for now,” Hanawa said. “Him and this ‘Kage’…
Likely, they’re waiting for the dust to settle. Why involve yourself when your enemies are content
to destroy each other, after all?”
“Do we have any idea where they might be?” Kiryu asked.
“No, and that’s by design,” Hanawa explained. “The Faction maintains safe houses all over the
country. Tokyo, Osaka, Yasoinaba, Yokosuka, Hiroshima, Okinawa… The list goes on, and
Yoshimura could be at any of them. But I wouldn’t bet on it, either. Because if I know where the
safe houses are, you bet your ass Viper can find out. Yoshimura knows this.”
He leaned back in his seat and thought for a moment. “…However. There are individuals of interest
that we keep a close eye on. Individuals who the Faction views as potential assets. It’s possible that
Yoshimura and Kage are seeking them out. Testing the board.” He glanced at Sae. “You likely
know some of these individuals, Niijima. Those kids in Tokyo that you’re so protective of… it’s
possible that Yoshimura will seek them out.”
“I refuse to let them get involved,” Sae growled. “After everything I did to them… I’m not letting
this ensnare them, too.”
Hanawa nodded. “Of course. Those were the terms of our agreement, after all. But seeking out
potential assets isn’t just about recruitment. More than anything, it’s about verifying that your
enemies haven’t gotten to them first. Really, the only reason I bring them up is because they’re the
only people on the Faction’s radar that any of us can contact personally. The others that I can think
of are nobodies that nobody here knows. I trust they know to reach out to you if any G-Men come
knocking?”
Sae nodded. “Of course they will.”
“Then eventually, Yoshimura will show his hand. He is not a concern. For now.”
“So then what’s our move, Hanawa?” Kiryu asked.
“Well, for starters, our jobs just got easier in some ways,” Hanawa replied, “and harder in others.
Easier because with Viper seeking to ally the Daidoji with Yamamoto, we’re no longer fighting a
two-front war.”
Haruka tilted her head. “And harder because…?”

“Is anyone here familiar with Greek mythology?” Hanawa asked. “The creature Cerberus is a threeheaded beast that guards the gates of the underworld to prevent the dead from leaving.”
“He on vacation right now?” Kaito asked.
“Very funny. Now, depending on who you ask, the three heads symbolize different things.” Hanawa
shook his head. “That isn’t so much relevant as the fact that there are three heads, each with a brain
in its skull, however small. Cerberus’s weakness, then, is that each of these three brains is in a
constant battle to dominate the other two. If one head is pulled in a direction that runs contrary to
the best wishes of the other two, Cerberus can be defeated.
“If the three heads act in unison, however, as Viper intends, overpowering the beast becomes near
impossible. As such, defeating him with his bare hands was the last of Heracles’ twelve labours.”
He sighed. “Bleach Japan, the Tokyo MPD, and the Daidoji Faction… those are Cerberus’s three
heads, and two of them act in lockstep.”
“Then we deal with the third,” Yagami surmised. “If we can turn enough of the Faction’s dissidents
against Viper, we can win.”
“Yeah… but how many of them are gonna be as easy to coerce into cooperatin’ as these two
knuckleheads?” Kaito asked.
Hanawa nodded. “That is the question indeed. Our path forward is not without peril… but it is a
path all the same.”
“Lemme ask you something, Hanawa,” Kaito said, leaning forward in his seat. “How come you
don’t go join this Viper guy, too? Like him or not, he’s the one bringing the Daidoji Faction closer
to power. Wouldn’t it make more sense to stand with him? I mean… you’re basically sayin’ if you
don’t, the whole thing might come fallin’ down. Just tryin’ to figure you out, is all.”
“My loyalties are to my country,” Hanawa answered immediately. “Viper’s only loyalty is to
himself. He envisions himself a kingmaker. But that’s not what the Daidoji Faction is. We maintain
continuity, protect our ideals, and keep the Citizens’ Liberal Party politically viable. We don’t get
to abandon those things when it is politically convenient. If our institutions don’t survive, then
neither does our country. If the Daidoji Faction is destroyed by my attempts to maintain order…
then so be it.”
He paused. “You all learned about the Kyūjō Incident in school, did you not? Those of you who
went to school, anyway… It was the night before Japan’s surrender to the Americans during the
war. The reality of the situation was… if the Emperor did not accept the terms of surrender… the
entire country may very well have been destroyed. Several within the Ministry of War sought to
overthrow the Emperor to prevent the surrender. Had they succeeded, none of us would be here
right now, because this country would cease to exist.”
He shook his head. “I have no doubt in my mind that if we lived in those times, Viper would have
been among those seeking to prolong the war. He values pride, and victory. I value survival.
Because the reality is, if the Daidoji chases power so blatantly the way Viper does… It may very
well lead to our annihilation. Does that answer your question, you testosterone-overdosed hairless
ape?”
Kaito simply blinked. “...You didn’t have to be a dick about it, man.”

Suddenly, Yagami’s phone rang. He glanced down at it. “It’s Akiyama.”
“I’m not here,” Kiryu said.
Yagami waved him off and answered, holding the phone up to his ear. “Akiyama. Where are you
at?”
“Kamurocho,” Akiyama replied. “I had to come see for myself what my city had become. I’m not
liking it.”
“I bet.”
“Yagami… Have you spoken to your ex-yakuza friend lately?”
Yagami raised an eyebrow and glanced at Kaito. “Kaito-san, you mean?”
“No. The other one.”
“Higashi? No. We’ve tried calling several times, but…”
“He didn’t pick up. Right?”
Yagami’s grip on his phone tightened. Kaito’s eyes widened, his brows furrowing with worry.
“Tak? Everything okay? Did somethin’ happen with Higashi?”
“Do you know something?” Yagami asked, ignoring Kaito.
“Yeah. Thing is… I saw him today.” Akiyama paused. “…I’m sending a photo now.”
Yagami’s phone buzzed against his ear. He held it out to look at it. Kaito leaned in. His eyes
widened further.
“…What the fuck…?” Kaito muttered, his breath heavy.
It was a photo of Higashi, taken candidly from a distance.
He was exiting the Millennium Tower.
Surrounded by Bleach Japan.
He was dressed like them.
“Maybe there’s an explanation,” Akiyama muttered. “But if there is one, I can’t see it. I’m sorry to
say, Yagami… but it looks like you have a rat in your midst.”

Chapter 123: Beneath the Mask
After the call, Yagami, Kaito, and Sugiura got on the first train into Tokyo to meet with Akiyama at
Leblanc in Yongen-Jaya, the closest thing there even was to neutral ground in Tokyo anymore.
“There’s gotta be some explanation,” Kaito muttered as he approached the door. “There’s gotta be.
Higashi wouldn’t just… turn traitor like that.”
Yagami just cast an uneasy glance at Sugiura. “It… wouldn’t be the first time, Kaito-san… I
mean… with Hamura…”
Kaito turned to stare at Yagami, his gaze intense. “Back then was different, Tak. It’s not
comparable.”
“Hold it,” a voice said from the shadows. A lanky man with glasses, chin-length hair parted down
the middle, and a goatee emerged. “Identify yourselves.”
Kaito glared at him. “Huh? You first, asswipe.”
“They’re with me, Hasegawa,” Sae said as she came around the corner, followed closely by Haruka
and Kasuga. “At ease.”
The man, Hasegawa, blinked. “Huh? Oh, Niijima. Sorry, I didn’t realize. Thought they might’ve
been with Bleach Japan. Ever since you called me a few days ago, I’ve been worried that they
might try and come after the kids. All things considered… it’s a miracle things have been so quiet
here.”
Kasuga scratched his head. “Uhhh… I’m still a little confused about why they’d care about some
kid who works in a cramped-ass cafe in the suburbs.”
“Oh, he was a real hellraiser in his youth,” Hasegawa chuckled. “They in the know?”
Sae shook her head. “They are not.”
“Good. It’d be… too weird to explain.”
Kaito glanced at Sae. “Yo. Little help. Who is this?”
“Zenkichi Hasegawa,” Sae answered. “He’s a friend in PubSec. Owes me a favor.”
“You’re talkin’ to the cops?” Kaito growled. “No disrespect, but… Are you nuts?”
Sae simply smirked. “He’s on our side. We can trust him.”
Hasegawa nodded. “Yeah. Any friend of Niijima’s is a friend of mine. You’ve got nothing to worry
ab—.” He paused as his eyes settled on Haruka. “…Is that Haruka Sawamura? The murder
suspect?”
Haruka smiled sweetly and nodded. “That’s me! Nice to meet you, ojisan!” she exclaimed in an
intentionally higher, more youthful register.

Hasegawa slowly closed his eyes. “…What a mess. Alright, you all better get inside before anyone
sees.”
As the group walked in, Hasegawa leaned in to whisper to Sae.
“Say, Niijima… that girl kind of reminds me of Okumura. Like… she kind of sounds like her, and
she's got that same quiet intensity that she masks with cuteness. Don’t you think?”
Sae glanced at Haruka as she walked in.
“…Never noticed.”
“I’m not crazy, right?”
Sae gave no answer as she followed the others in, leaving Hasegawa hanging. He shook his head
and straightened himself out.
“I’m not crazy.”
A jazzy, laid back, English-language vocal track played from a radio in the corner of the cafe as the
group entered.
“Where have you been? Been searchin’ all along.
“Came facin’ twilight on and on without a clue…”
Akiyama sat at a booth not far from the entrance. He looked up as the bell rang. “Yagami,” he
greeted. “Kasuga. Haruka-chan. Sit.”
Kasuga and Haruka, in fact, remained standing, as did Sae, so that Yagami, Kaito, and Sugiura
could sit at the booth with Akiyama. This was their conversation to have, after all.
The barista, Ren, brought coffee for everyone. Kaito looked up at him. “Hey, kid. I ain’t thirsty, but
I am hungry. You got anything to eat?”
Ren smiled slightly. “I can whip up some curry.”
Kaito grinned. “Hot damn. It’s been a minute since I’ve had good curry. How much?”
“It’s on the house,” Ren said as he turned around and walked over to the stove. “We’re supposed to
be closed right now anyway.”
Akiyama raised an eyebrow at Kaito. “Is now really the time.”
“Bein’ pissed works up an appetite,” Kaito responded in a low voice, his grin faltering slightly. “…
And I’m pissed right now. So start talkin’.”
Akiyama chuckled darkly. “Alright. I assume you saw the photo?”
“Uh huh. What’s the context?”
“…Context?”

Kaito nodded. “Yeah, I mean like… what were they doin’, you know? You catch ‘em doin’
anything shady?”
Akiyama furrowed his brow. “…What context are you hoping for?”
“I dunno. That’s why I asked. Now answer the damn question.”
“Kaito-san,” Yagami cut in sharply.
Kaito shook his head. “…Tsk. Fine. You do the talkin’, Tak.”
Yagami nodded, exhaled, and stared sharply at Akiyama. “…He’s not wrong, Akiyama-san. Photos
can be misleading. What exactly did you see?”
Akiyama tilted his head. “…Did you ever end up finding that ‘Joryu’ guy you were after, Yagami?”
“Not relevant. This is about Higashi.”
Akiyama looked away from him. “Tch… Unbelievable.”
Ren walked back over to the table and placed a plate in front of Kaito, then handed a bowl each to
Kasuga and Haruka. “There were some ingredients left over.”
Kasuga raised an eyebrow, surprised. “Oh? Uh… thank you!”
Haruka bowed her head politely. “Thank you, Ren-san.”
He gave them a thumbs up, walked over to an empty table nearby and began wiping it down.
“Uh… where’s mine?” Sugiura asked.
He didn’t get an answer, and the conversation returned to Higashi.
“So what DID you see?” Yagami asked.
“I saw what I sent you,” Akiyama said in a low voice. “I returned to Kamurocho to figure out what
we were up against, since I’m more or less the only one here that hasn’t been connected to the
conspiracy targeting Haruka-chan. RK is gone, Crimson Lotus is gone, the Omi Alliance are gone.
Little Asia is still under triad control, it seems.”
Yagami raised an eyebrow. “Even after Akira Mabuchi was arrested?”
Akiyama tilted his head. “He was arrested? Not that I’m aware.”
Strange… Did he escape Osaka after all? Yagami thought.
“The biggest thing that worried me was Bleach Japan,” Akiyama continued. “They’re patrolling the
streets heavily. Tenkaichi, Nakamichi, all around the Millennium Tower and Theater Square… I
saw a lot of them around the Hotel District.”
Kaito narrowed his eyes. “Eh? What for?”
“My guess? Cracking down on sex workers.”

Kasuga clicked his tongue in disapproval. “Tch.”
Sae cut in. “Cracking down on sex workers? You mean the organizations.”
Akiyama shook his head. “Not that I saw. I passed by some goons questioning a working girl,
threatening her… They only let up when a local cabaret club barker vouched for her. If he hadn’t
been there…”
Sae exhaled slowly. “…Assholes.”
“Um… as a prosecutor, wouldn’t you be doing the same?” Haruka asked, to which Sae shook her
head.
“No. Not in that way. We’ve busted girls for soliciting before, but typically we don’t pursue serious
criminal prosecutions against individuals. We prefer fines. It’s Ministry policy to instead target the
organizations that employ them, as in many cases, they’re being coerced. Sometimes even
trafficked. Going after the girls themselves doesn’t solve the problem, it just pads our case record.
We approached the yakuza in the same way. Target the organization, not the individual; it’s the only
way to get real results.”
Kaito crossed his arms. “…Alright. So you saw Bleach Japan hassling sex workers. Didja see
Higashi hassling them?”
“I didn’t have to,” Akiyama said.
“With what you’re accusin’ him of, yeah, you actually did.”
“I saw him leaving the Millennium Tower with them,” Akiyama shot back. “Doesn’t take a genius
to figure out what’s going on.”
“Is that all you saw?” Yagami asked. “Not that it isn’t concerning, but… There could have been
other reasons.”
Kaito nodded. “Yeah. Thing is, Higashi actually called us while we were still in Osaka. Right after
you two had taken Zheng to Ijincho. He had gone back to Kamurocho to check on his arcade.
While he was there, he noticed some of our old ‘colleagues’ in the Matsugane Family walking
around with badges. Called us to warn us about it.” He leaned forward. “That sound like a traitor to
you?”
“So people that you all had emotionally bonded with joined up with the fascists, and Higashi made
contact with them,” Akiyama said. “Can’t you put two and two together?”
“What’re you sayin’?”
“I’m saying they were all bought!” Akiyama snapped. “You think your time in the yakuza together
is going to stop him from betraying you for a quick buck? Use your head.”
Kaito’s lip twitched. “Say that again.”
“What will it take for you to accept that your ‘friend’ is a rat?” Akiyama asked.
Without a word, Kaito stood up and began to walk around the table, towards Akiyama.

“Kaito-san!” Yagami scolded.
Ren noticed immediately, moving swiftly and stepping between them, holding a placating hand out.
“Hey, not in here. Knock it off.”
“That’s fine,” Kaito growled. “Wouldn’t wanna stain your tables. You’ve been so nice to us. We’ll
take this outside.”
“This isn’t going to solve anything,” Ren said. “Calm down.”
“That’s easy for you to say!” Kaito exclaimed. “You’re not the one havin’ your intelligence insulted
by some smug, rich asshole! You got any idea what it’s like, gettin’ told your friend is selling you
out?! Somebody you care about, somebody who you know better than anyone else?!”
“Yeah, I do!” Ren replied—louder than he had intended. His eyes widened slightly at his sudden
outburst, which seemed to cause Kaito to simmer down, only slightly.
Sae’s eyes softened.
Ren clenched his jaw, released his hand from Kaito’s chest, and turned around, his back to the
group. “…But sitting around and attacking each other isn’t the way to deal with it. You want my
advice? Don’t take his word for it. Don’t take anyone’s word for it. Go see for yourself if this friend
of yours really has betrayed you.”
He glanced back at Kaito, a serious look in his eyes. “And if he’s straying from the right path…
pull him back. Before you lose him forever.” With a heavy exhale, he walked back behind the bar.
“That’s what I would do, anyway. But hey, I’m just a guy who makes coffee.”
Kaito watched him for a moment, his expression unreadable. He glanced at Akiyama. He glanced
at Haruka and Kasuga. Finally, he turned to Yagami. “…Well, damn, when the kid’s right, the kid’s
right. See you in a bit, Tak.”
He started to walk towards the door. Akiyama raised an eyebrow. “Where are you going?”
“Kamurocho.”
Yagami stood up and walked after him. “Kaito-san, wait. No offense… but that is a really bad idea
while you’re still wanted. Look, Sugiura and I will go. You and Kasuga take Haruka-chan and
Niijima-san back to Ijincho. I’ll let you know what I find out.”
Kaito shook his head. “You can come if you want, but I gotta go.”
“Why?” Haruka asked.
“‘Cause I gotta see with my own eyes what’s goin’ on,” Kaito answered. He turned slightly but did
not face her completely. “And if Higashi really has flipped on us… I wanna hear it from him
personally. I want him to look me in the eyes when he tells me why.”
He glanced at Ren. “…Thanks, kid. Really.” He turned to Yagami and Sugiura and nodded.
“Lessgo.”
Yagami nodded. “We’re with you, Kaito-san.”

And with that, they left, shutting the door behind them. Ren tilted his head with a smirk. “Good
luck, Kaito-san.”
“Should we go after them?” Kasuga asked, to which Haruka shook her head.
“I want to… but this is their battle. It would be wrong of us to intrude.” She chuckled lightly.
“Besides… all of us in Kamurocho would draw the wrong kind of attention.”
Kasuga rubbed the back of his neck. “Ah… Yeah. I guess you’re right about that.”
Be careful, Kaito-san, Haruka thought to herself.
Ren glanced around the room. “…So… Anyone up for Reversi?”
Sae’s breath hitched. “R-Ren, this is not a good room to bring up competitions in—!”
“I won’t lose,” Haruka said suddenly and seriously, her gaze hardening.
“Damn it,” Sae cursed under her breath. I’m about to spectate a blood sport… aren’t I?

Chapter 124: KAMURO Again
As Yagami, Kaito, and Sugiura approached the iconic Tenkaichi Street Gate that marked the border
between greater Shinjuku and the red light district of Kamurocho, it almost didn’t even look like
anything was wrong. The streets were crowded. Tourists took selfies in front of the gate. Students
that definitely shouldn’t have been here this late were here anyway, trying to decide what foods to
eat or what cabaret clubs they could try and bluff their way into. Amusingly, Yagami even
recognized some of their uniforms.
Seiryo High, he thought to himself with a smirk. You all are a long way from home.
And yet, the Millennium Tower’s metaphorical shadow loomed over the city. There was the
lingering odor of trouble brewing. Through the glitz and the glam of the district’s sleazy neon
lights, the trio knew—this city was in peril.
It often was.
“You know something? I hate this city,” Sugiura groaned as the trio stepped through the gate.
“I called Hoshino-kun ahead of us getting here,” Yagami said. “He’s waiting for us at a bar nearby.
New Serena, I think it was called. Right up here on Tenkaichi.”
“Can’t say I’ve ever been…” Kaito mused. “Wonder how Hoshino found the place.”
“The way he tells it, it’s quiet, and there’s never anyone in there except some MPD detective,”
Yagami explained. “I guess the mama is married to him?”
“Well. Hope he’s not there tonight,” Kaito said, a tad worried.
“Hoshino says it’ll be just us,” Yagami assured him.
“Why didn’t he pick a place in the Champion District? Way easier to stay out of sight there.”
“It’s Hoshino-kun,” Yagami replied, deadpan. “Champion District probably scares the shit out of
him.”
“Ahhh, it’s not that bad… Not any worse than the rest of Kamurocho, anyway.”
They approached the building housing New Serena. “New Serena, Executive Lounge…” Kaito
read the sign aloud. “Pretty high-end branding for a place with nobody in it.” He walked toward the
elevator, but Yagami placed a hand on his shoulder.
“Hoshino-kun said to take the back,” he said. “The mama supposedly closed the place down for
us.”
“Ah. Right.”
The trio went around the corner and walked into New Serena Alley. “You know… I’m pretty sure
there was a murder in this alleyway like a decade ago,” Kaito muttered. “Right there against that

vending machine. Some Tojo Clan hit. Forget which family ended up takin’ responsibility, but they
weren’t around by the Dissolution.”
Yagami grimaced. “Sheesh. Don’t tell Hoshino-kun that.”
“Got any more unhinged Tojo lore for us, Kaito?” Sugiura asked sarcastically as the trio climbed
the metal stairs behind the building.
“Yeah. Apparently, the alleyway is haunted. They say if you take a selfie back here, sometimes, you
might find the faint image of an old patriarch from decades back in the corner somewhere.” Kaito
grinned. “Guy used to come here all the time with his sworn brother. Then, they had a falling out…
and only one of them made it out alive. Now he haunts the alleyway, preying on any unsuspecting
drunks who stumble in here.”
Sugiura shook his head. “Man, I said lore, I didn’t say ‘make shit up’.”
“Makin’ shit up? Heh. If it helps you sleep at night…”
Reaching the second floor, Yagami opened the door and stepped inside to a well-decorated, albeit
small and dimly lit lounge. To his right, there were two divided seating areas, each consisting of a
set of sectional couches around a table. Directly ahead was the bar itself, behind which a pretty
woman in a black dress with grapevine patterns.
The mama, he presumed. “Takayuki Yagami?” the woman asked. She then gestured to the seating
area.
Seated in one of the booths, Issei Hoshino looked up. “Huh? Ah! Yagami!”
He stood up and bowed. 31 years of age with a youthful face and brown hair, Hoshino wore a three
piece navy blue shirt and a pin belonging to Genda Law Office… as well as a pair of aviator
sunglasses and a medical mask.
“You sick?” Kaito asked.
Hoshino tilted his head. “Huh? Oh, no, Kaito-san.” He pulled the sunglasses and mask off. “It’s
part of my disguise. I didn’t want anybody to see me coming in here… Never know who you can
trust these days.”
Kaito chuckled and shook his head. “Yeah, and with all the enemies you got… Come on man. Be
real. Also, you’re wearin’ Genda’s pin.”
Hoshino stared at his chest. “…Oh.”
“How’d you find this place, anyway?” Yagami asked. “Doesn’t seem like the part of town you’d be
hanging out at.”
The mama smirked. “Oh, believe me, I was surprised to see him too. A little boy like that perusing
the cabaret clubs and maid cafes…”
“Th-that’s not what I was doing!” Hoshino denied, his face reddening. “Actually, I first found this
place a couple of months ago. I had been looking for a loan.”
Kaito scoffed. “A loan? For what? You’re the second highest paid attorney at Genda Law.”

“I’m the only attorney at Genda Law besides Saori!”
“Ah, details…”
Hoshino shook his head. “Anyway, I make enough, but I needed a lot of money for, um…
something. I had heard about a loan servicer around here, back during the Mole case, who would
loan out a lot of money to people based on character tests. No interest, either.”
“You know shit like that is usually a scam, right?” Kaito scoffed.
“You wouldn’t happen to be talking about Sky Finance, are you?” Yagami asked.
Hoshino nodded. “That’s the place! They were supposed to be upstairs from here. Unfortunately, by
the time I got there, I learned the guy had moved.”
Maybe I should introduce him to Akiyama-san, Yagami thought with a smirk.
Hoshino sighed. “So, since the guy I had come to see wasn’t here, I came down a floor and popped
in here for a drink instead. I’ve been coming here on and off since then.”
Kaito studied him. “…What were ya buyin’?” he asked.
Hoshino’s face reddened even more. “…That’s not important.”
Kaito studied him some more, his face dead serious. Slowly… he grinned. “Heh. Hehehe. You were
buyin’ a ring, weren’tcha? Finally decided to pop the question to Saori-chan, right?”
Hoshino looked away. “Th-that’s none of your business!”
Kaito cackled and smacked Hoshino’s shoulder. “Hah! Good for you, man! Finally got the balls to
lock shit down. When’s the wedding?”
“I- I haven’t asked, yet! No ring, remember?”
“Tch. You don’t need a ring. Just tell her how you feel! It’s easy!”
“Oh yeah? Well when’s YOUR wedding?”
“Probably as soon as I’m not wanted for murder, ya dumbass. I don’t think Mikiko wants to
exchange vows in a coffee shop in Yongen-Jaya.” He thought about it. “Although… the kid in there
seems weirdly competent, for some reason. If shit gets desperate, maybe he can officiate.”
“Didn’t you teach Haruka-chan how to perform sakazuki?” Yagami asked. “Just get her to do it.”
“Uh, no. She’s really bad at it. I didn’t say anything at the time, but she was so clumsy when she
was doin’ Kiryu and Kasuga’s oath.”
Yagami blinked. “…But you taught her.”
“‘Sides…” Kaito said as his amused look turned slightly more contemplative, “…when Mikiko and
I tie the knot… I wanna do it right. Not the shit my anikis did with their old ladies, y’know? She
was never part of the life and I’m not gonna push my customs onto her. So it’s gonna be big. All
our friends are gonna be there. And I’ll buy a nice suit, and get her a beautiful dress, and…”

Hoshino glared. “How is that any different from what I want?!”
“Be honest, man: have you even thought about what comes after the ring?”
Hoshino stared at him, then glanced away, annoyed. “…Tch. Man…”
Yagami frowned. “I think we’re getting a bit off-track… Hoshino. What’s the situation here in
Kamurocho? You find anything out about Higashi?”
Hoshino sighed. “Unfortunately not. See, with the yakuza, the police department actually kept
records of known members. Mostly for business owners, so they know who they’re dealing with. It
was one of the provisions of Ryo Aoki’s 3K laws. But Bleach Japan is sanctioned by the NPA, so
there is no equivalent list. They aren’t ‘yakuza’, they’re civilian ‘peacekeepers’.”
“Peacekeepers who patrol the streets like yakuza, and dress like yakuza, and wear pins like
yakuza…” Kaito grumbled. “Their leader is even a yakuza. Same shit, different toilet. ‘Cept this
toilet is made of gold.”
“Probably painted, more like…” Yagami said. “What about just on the streets? Have you noticed
anything unusual?”
“I stopped by Charles before coming here,” Hoshino added. “Of course, the arcade’s closed right
now… And I stopped by Bar Tender to see if Higashi might be there. Nothing.”
“Did you happen to swing by my office?” Yagami asked.
Hoshino shook his head. “It’s being watched.”
“Watched?”
“Yeah. I did walk by the place, but there was a car parked nearby with a couple of guys in it. Bleach
Japan pins. My guess is they’ve been waiting for you to come back into town.”
Yagami scoffed. “Why? I’m not wanted for anything.”
“Probably were hopin’ I’d be with you…” Kaito groaned. “Damn it. We almost walked straight
into a trap.”
“I didn’t dare to go in,” Hoshino admitted sheepishly. “Didn’t wanna put a target on my back.”
Yagami nodded. “No, that’s good. What about the law firm? Have you all heard from the Ministry
of Justice?”
Hoshino shook his head. “Not since a few days after the murder. Hey, Kaito-san… You didn’t…
ACTUALLY do it, right?”
Kaito looked annoyed. “‘Course not! Did you really think I’d partner with some retired idol from
the sticks to go bump off a yakuza I’d never even met?!”
“S-sorry… I had to ask...”
“Do we know where Bleach Japan is based?” Yagami asked. “Sae Niijima says their headquarters
is somewhere in Kamurocho, and Akiyama said he’s seen them hanging around the Millennium

Tower…”
Hoshino nodded. “If I had to guess, their office is probably somewhere in there. It would make
sense, since that was where Ryo Aoki’s office was before his passing. Unfortunately, it’s not listed
publicly.”
Kaito tapped his fingers on the table. “...You seen Higashi at all?”
Hoshino shook his head. “Afraid not. Sorry.”
“Damn it…” Kaito groaned. He stood up. “Alright. Come on, Tak. We gotta figure out for
ourselves what the hell’s going on.”
“Oh, before you go,” the mama said, “my husband told me that you all might need a place to stay in
Kamurocho.”
“Your husband’s a cop, ain’t he?” Kaito asked.
The mama nodded. “Yes. And… he has orders to arrest you if he sees you.” She shrugged with a
knowing smile. “So, he left town for a bit.” Gesturing to a door near the bar, she added “There’s a
bedroom back there if you all need a place to rest. A friend of my husband’s used to use it
whenever he was in town, but… he hasn’t been around in some time. So make yourself at home.”
She bowed her head politely. “And… good luck.”
Yagami looked back at her before leaving. He wondered if the “friend” might have been Kiryu, but
opted not to say anything other than “Thanks” as he walked out the back, Kaito and Sugiura
following.
The trio descended the stairs and walked back around to Tenkaichi Street. Right as they reached the
street, the sound of a helicopter rotor rumbling in the distance caused them to look up. The
helicopter in question flew high over the city and appeared to be heading north, towards the
Millennium Tower. “What’re the odds Yamamoto’s on that thing?” Sugiura asked.
“I’d say… pretty high,” Yagami replied. “It’s hard to tell from down here, but that looks like a
Trekker. Fast helicopter used by the MPD to get across the city in a hurry.”
Kaito scoffed. “What, this asshole thinks he’s too good to take the subway like everyone else? Man
of the people my ass.”
“Well he’s sure got everyone else fooled…” Sugiura muttered.
“Hey!” they heard a voice exclaim across the road. “What are you doing?!”
They turned to look; across the street, in front of the host club Stardust, a man in a red suit with
light brown, likely dyed, hair appeared to be confronting two men in blue suits that were standing
out front. “You got business with our bar?”
One of the men turned to face him. Yagami narrowed his eyes. “Bleach Japan,” he muttered as he
noticed the pin on his lapel.
“We’re here to see Kazuki, the owner,” one of the Bleach Japan men said. “This bar has historical
ties to men affiliated with organized crime, and—.”

“Whatever,” the angered man—a bouncer, clearly—scoffed. “Hey, shithead… What family do you
work for, anyway? Or are you RK? We don’t need to be ‘taken care of’ by some gangsters. ”
The Bleach Japan man smiled. “We’re not yakuza. We’re just looking for the owner.”
The bouncer snarled. “Fuck you! You couldn’t be any more yakuza if you tried! Just because you
all have badges now doesn’t mean you’re any different from how you were in the Tojo Clan.”
The taller of the two Bleach Japan men gripped the bouncer’s collar. “Listen here, you little shit… I
keep telling you we aren’t yakuza. Are you slow, or just deaf? Because you’re about to become
both if you don’t show us to Kazuki.”
“At least Kazuki-san has made a name for himself without any help…” the bouncer growled before
smashing his forehead into his attacker’s nose, breaking it.
“Agh! You prick…!”
“Thing is, Kazuki-san and I just bought this place back from the Korean mob,” the bouncer
revealed as he clenched his fists and entered a combat stance. “So we’re making an honest living,
unlike you… you fucking yakuza!”
Suddenly, the bouncer found himself surrounded by more Bleach Japan men. “Bad move, asshole,”
his initial attacker chuckled despite the pain erupting from his bleeding nose. “If you won’t let us
in… fine. We’ll let ourselves in. After we’ve repaid you in kind for your ‘hospitality’.”
“Need a hand?” Yagami asked as he and the others stepped into the circle, ready for a fight
themselves.
The bouncer glanced at him. “Eh? Who’re you?”
“The name’s Yagami,” Yagami introduced himself. “I run a detective agency just off of Nakamichi
Street with my partner Kaito here.”
One of the Bleach Japan men’s eyes widened. “K-Kaito?!”
Kaito grinned. “Hey, you look familiar. You were Matsugane Family, right? Gotta say… Pops’d be
real fuckin’ disappointed in you.”
The man grimaced. “Tch! What do you know? You got expelled!”
Kaito shrugged. “Eh. Shit happens. Now, normally I’d just whoop your ass and be done with it…
but you’ve got information I need. So I got a few questions to ask you. You gonna go peacefully, or
do I gotta remind you why the kids reported to me before the captain?”
“Blow me! Hey guys… let’s kill these assholes!”
Yagami glanced at the bouncer. “You got a name?”
“Yuya. I’ve lived in Kamurocho my whole life. I’m not about to give it up to these yakuza
wannabes.”
Yagami smirked. “Hmph. Good. Alright then, Yuya-san… get ready!”

Chapter 125: Ingenuity For Violence

“Man have I missed this!” Kaito roared with a grin as he got ready to rumble.
Yagami tilted his head. “Eh? You never stopped.”
“Nah, it ain’t the same fightin’ with Haruka-chan. All this ‘waitin’ your turn ‘cos we’re heroes’
shit… I ain’t built for that! It’s fun for a while, but sometimes? You just wanna whoop some ass, no
holding back!”
Yagami smirked. “Hmph. Well, let’s hope you haven’t gotten rusty, then.”
Yuya’s eyes widened. “W-wait! You know Haruka-chan?!”
“I owe my fuckin’ life to her,” Kaito answered. “And these guys wanna drag her name through the
mud for it.”
“And I owe mine to Kiryu-san, the man who raised her,” Yuya said. “That’s it. These Bleach Japan
assholes… they’re all going down!”
Glancing around, Yagami noticed that several bystanders had gathered around. Some were
cheering, some were filming, some jumped and clapped, and some simply watched with interest.
His smirk widened a hair. “Heh. Looks like we drew a crowd. Just how it should be.”
“This town never changes!” Kaito affirmed. He ran at one goon, socked him in the jaw; turned
around, kicked another in the chest.
Sugiura hit his goon with two roundhouse kicks to the face, then axe kicked him into the ground,
causing him to bounce off the pavement.
Yagami had launched his foe with a combo ending in an upwards kick, then switched to his Tiger
stance and juggled him midair with several swift palm strikes, before switching back to his Crane
stance and keeping him in the air with several more kicks.
Yuya was just going to town. Punches, kicks, face stomps, everything was on the table. He turned
and watched as Yagami twisted in midair and slammed his airborne enemy into the pavement with
a sharp downward kick. He grappled a different enemy, while Kaito grabbed another; Yagami
turned and threw his enemy towards Kaito, while Kaito kicked his towards Yagami, causing the
two goons to end up back to back. They both jumped towards the pair of goons with a knee raised
and made contact at exactly the same time, smashing their heads together and knocking them out.

Seeing this display caused the last goon to back away in fear, though Yagami wasn’t done with
him; he switched to his Snake style and approached the trembling man, then threw a kick at him.
The man flinched; Yagami’s foot stopped just short of actually striking him. The man nearly pissed
himself, then passed out from the tension, ending the fight.
The Matsugane man, realizing he had been beaten, scrambled to his feet and tried to escape; Kaito
grabbed his shoulder. “Uh-uh. Not so fast, pal.” He turned and threw him against the wall, then
cornered him with Yagami and Sugiura. “Got questions for ya.”
“Tch! F-fuck you, man! I don’t know shit!”
“Now that’s a real shame,” Kaito chuckled darkly. “Means we ain’t got a use for ya. You know
what happens next, right?”
The man’s face paled. “H-hold on!”
“And just what is going on out here?” A man in a white pinstriped suit with neatly combed brown
hair stepped out of Stardust, his dark green shirt neatly buttoned and his golden tie in a Windsor
knot. He wore a platinum stud on his left ear which glinted in the neon light. “All of this fighting is
bad for business, you know.”
Yuya’s eyes widened. “Kazuki-san! Sorry, things… kind of got out of control.
Kazuki nodded. “I can see that.” He circled the downed Bleach Japan men, who all groaned in pain.
“I believe I already told your patriarch that you all aren’t welcome here,” he said quietly. “You’re
scaring away my customers.”
One of the men groaned, “We’re not yakuza… We already told you that! We’re community
peacekeepers!”
“A distinction without a difference,” Kazuki shot back. “The way I see it… you're yakuza who
learned how to tuck your shirts in. That’s all.”
He looked up at Yagami and his friends, then bowed politely. “Apologies for my rudeness. I am
Kazuki, the proprietor of Stardust. To whom do I owe my thanks for assisting my good friend
Yuya?”
Yagami nodded. “The name’s Yagami. This is Kaito, and this is Sugiura. Kaito and I run Yagami
Detective Agency, just a block over, and Sugiura’s representing Yokohama 99 in Isezaki Ijincho.”
Kazuki’s eyes lit up. He almost seemed amused. “Ah, detectives. I take it, then, that Bleach Japan is
of particular interest to a case of yours?” He glanced at the still-trembling Matsugane man. “Then
this must be a suspect.”
“Person of interest, more like,” Kaito said. “A friend of ours got wrapped up in BJ’s BS, so this
guy’s coming with us. Got some questioning to do.”
“Would you like to use Stardust as a venue?” Kazuki asked. “I can have the building cleared out.”
“Oh, w-we don’t wanna disrupt your business or anything…” Kaito said sheepishly.

“I’m afraid these buffoons already have,” Kazuki assured him. “They say it’s because I have
organized crime ties… bullshit. We’ve never employed the yakuza here, as muscle or otherwise,
and we recently reacquired the business after its previous owners from the Jingweon Mafia left
town. More likely, their leader has a particular grudge against us, from his time in the Nishikiyama
Family.”
“So you ended up on Yamamoto’s shit list back in the day too, huh?” Kaito chuckled. “Seems like
this guy’s got enemies all OVER Kamurocho.”
Kazuki nodded again. “Yes. Although, had he not shown up in person, I wouldn’t have
remembered. He didn’t make much of an impression at the time.”
Yagami tilted his head. “What exactly happened?”
Kazuki glanced at the Millennium Tower. “It would have been 2009. The Tojo Clan’s sixth
chairman had been incapacitated during an assassination attempt, and a war for control of
Kamurocho erupted, orchestrated by the Nishikiyama Family, the Hamazaki Family, and the
Hakuho Clan. The Kazama Family and the Majima Family were also involved. Yamamoto was
among a group of Nishikiyamas who were sent to attempt to stake a claim on Stardust, which at the
time sat on Kazama territory. Barely spoke a word, at the time. Fortunately, a friend of mine arrived
to help dispatch them. Kazuma Kiryu.”
A sorrowful look entered his eyes. “It seems as though Kiryu-san was cursed to always be dragged
into Kamurocho’s struggles. We all owe some sort of debt to him… and because of his passing, we
will never be able to repay it.”
He turned back to the Matsugane man. The politeness never left his face, though Yagami noticed a
predatory gaze in his eyes. “That being said… I’m rather angry at what people like this man are
doing to the place. So, I must admit… I’d like to hear what answers he has for you as well.”
“Well, you’re welcome to sit in on the interrogation,” Yagami replied with a smirk.
***
Kazuki and Yuya stood off to the side while Yagami, Kaito, and Sugiura sat at a rather fancy VIP
booth on Stardust’s upper floor. The Matsugane man—whose name Kaito recalled was Masayoshi
—sat across from them, arms crossed.
For some reason, he didn’t seem like he wanted to be here.
“So… Masayoshi-kun, was it?” Yagami asked.
“Fuck. You.”
Kaito chuckled. “That ain’t very nice. Behave. Got it?” He smiled, but there were implications
behind his tone.
Masayoshi rolled his eyes and leaned back in his seat. “Man, what the hell do you even want from
me? Like I know shit.”
“Well, you probably know more than us,” Yagami replied. “Since we know next to nothing. So
we’re just gonna ask you a few questions, and you can go. Okay?”

“This is unlawful imprisonment.”
“And I’m sure you’re guilty of a lot worse,” Kaito retorted. “Now zip it, and let the man ask his
questions.”
Masayoshi sighed. “Fine. Whatever. Shoot.”
“Well, let’s start simple,” Yagami said. “How long have you been with Bleach Japan?”
Masayoshi shrugged. “‘Bout half a year?”
Kaito’s eyes widened. “What the hell…? Yamamoto’s been recruiting that long?”
“Since Crimson Lotus fell,” Masayoshi confirmed. “Kamurocho’s been a revolving door of gang
power since the Dissolution. Lotta us got hung out to dry by Daigo Dojima. Some joined RK, some
formed their own crews. None of ‘em lasted long, but they lasted long enough to do damage. Way I
understand it is, when the next power vacuum came along, the MPD started talking to some old
Tojo guys to try and prevent another gang from popping up.”
“So this has been in the works for a while…” Yagami noted.
“I guess. I just collect my paychecks, man.”
Yagami leaned forward. “What is Bleach Japan’s goal?”
“We’re community peacekeepers,” Masayoshi explained. “When it started, we were being sent in to
mediate conflict between some of the smaller gangs around Kamurocho, since we knew firsthand
how gangsters handled business. That was a huge success. The first three months we were
operating were some of the lowest months for violent crime in Kamurocho in half a century.”
“And that’s why the Diet agreed to expand Yamamoto’s mandate…” Sugiura muttered.
Yagami crossed his arms. “…But that isn’t what you’re doing right now. What changed?”
“Man, I dunno, I just do what I’m told.”
“What Yamamoto tells you?”
Masayoshi shook his head. “Nah. He doesn’t give orders directly to the rank-and-file. He’s got
lieutenants for that.”
Yagami narrowed his eyes. “Who are these lieutenants?”
Masayoshi shrugged. “I report to a guy named Hayashi, from the Omi Alliance. As for the others? I
got no goddamn clue. Probably ex-Tojo bigwigs though. Captains and officers and stuff.”
“A Tojo boy taking orders from an Omi lieutenant…” Kaito chuckled. “The boss’d be turning in
his grave.”
“Well Matsugane ain’t here,” Masayoshi retorted. “Look where his ‘principles’ got him.”
Kaito’s smile faded, and his brow furrowed. “Say that again?”

“…N-no, I’m good.”
“Thought so.” Kaito suddenly thought of something. “How many other guys from the family joined
Bleach Japan?”
“A few. Not a lot. Takeshi, Shibata, Tashiro—.”
“Of course,” Kaito snorted. “That tracks. Tashiro-kun’s always chasing an easy bag.”
“Higashi, too.”
Kaito’s fists clenched. “…Oh yeah?”
Masayoshi nodded. “Yeah. Couple of days ago, I think.”
“…Hm. Somethin’ ain’t right there,” Kaito muttered.
“Kaito-san…” Yagami cautioned.
“I know it sounds like I’m coping,” Kaito cut him off, “but think about it. He called us a couple of
days ago to warn us about these guys. Why the hell would he do that if he was planning to join up
himself? Something’s not adding up.”
Yagami pondered this. Kaito was right. “…Does Higashi report to Hayashi, too?”
“He’s part of a crew with Hayashi and a few others,” Masayoshi revealed. “They do report straight
to HQ, in the Millennium Tower.”
“Wait. Why would Yamamoto bother with a guy who just joined?” Sugiura asked.
“Because he’s close to me,” Kaito growled. “Son of a bitch… so that’s Yamamoto’s game.” He
realized something. “Hey, do you know if anyone from the Arakawa Family joined up?”
“Those traitors? Who cares.”
“Answer the goddamn question!”
Masayoshi flinched. “Shit! Man, I don’t know! Off the top of my head, I know Hayashi went to go
talk to somebody that used to work for Arakawa. Uhhh, Mitsuo Yasumura, I think?”
Kaito immediately pulled out his phone and dialed a number. It rang twice.
Ichiban Kasuga’s voice was on the other side. “Yo, Kaito-san. Any updates?”
“Does the name ‘Mitsuo Yasumura’ ring a bell?” Kaito asked.
On the other end, Kasuga raised an eyebrow as he watched a very intense game of Dragon Reversi
between Haruka and Ren, the latter of whom was winning. “Uhhh, yeah? I was his aniki in the Tojo
Clan.”
Kaito wanted to smirk at that. “Heh. You had guys reporting to you? That’s sad. Poor guy.”
“Man, did you just call me to roast me?”

“Uh, heh, sorry, no. I just figured something out. I’ll call you back and explain later, okay?”
“Wait, is Mitsu in trouble?”
Kaito shook his head. “If he is, we’ll get him out of it. Promise.”
“Alright, Kaito-san. Keep me updated.” Kaito hung up, and Kasuga went back to observing the
game of Reversi.
Ren smirked as he held a piece up dramatically. “I’ll take… YOUR CORNER!” he exclaimed as he
slammed the piece down.
Haruka’s fingers clenched against the table. “Damn it…” she growled, despair overcoming her.
“I should have warned you; he’s always thinking two steps ahead,” Sae offered unhelpfully.
“Maybe three.”
“Four,” Ren revealed.
Back at Stardust, Kaito stood up and began pacing. “So Yamamoto isn’t recruiting randomly…
He’s scooping up guys that knew me and Kasuga.” He paused. “And he’s targeting Stardust, which
means this guy’s just going down the shitlist. Anyone who embarrassed him in the past is getting it.
God, what a petty asshole. But dictators usually are, aren’t they? Anyone that fucked with them in
the past… They’re the first ones to get the spotlight put on them when these dudes come to power.
Damn, this really isn’t that different from the yakuza.”
“So recruiting Higashi may have been part of a trap set for us…” Yagami muttered. “Surely
Higashi would have known that.”
“He definitely knows that,” Kaito confirmed. “100%. There is no way he didn’t expect us to come
here looking for him.”
“Why would Higashi trap us intentionally?” Sugiura asked. “Joining because he’s desperate? Sure.
But I don’t buy that he’d actually target us.”
“I dunno, but I think there’s a lot more to this than we know,” Kaito said. “Yo, Masayoshi-kun.
Why didn’t Higashi come on this little excursion?”
Masayoshi shrugged. “Beats me. He doesn’t handle street enforcement. He’s all cozy with the
bosses. My guess? He’s smart, and realized that honor is dead. He’s probably talking to them about
you right as we speak.”
Kaito stared at him… then slowly smirked. “Heh. You know what? You might actually be right.”
“Uh… I am?”
Kaito turned to Yagami. “I think we’ve learned everything we can from this idiot, Tak,” he said.
“Come on. Let’s hit the streets.”
Yagami raised an eyebrow. “Wait, but we don’t know where Higashi is.”
“Don’t need to,” Kaito dismissed. “Higashi’s bait. We’re not lookin’ for him anymore. I think we
need to go have a little chat with Kasuga’s boy, though. Figure out exactly what was discussed.”

“And if he’s joined Yamamoto?” Sugiura asked.
“We beat his ass. He’s Kasuga’s friend, not mine.”
Kaito started down the stairs, leaving a confused Masayoshi with Kazuki and Yuya. Yuya turned to
him. “…You gotta leave now.”
Yagami caught up with Kaito. “Kaito-san, wait. What are you thinking?”
“I’m thinkin’, Yamamoto and Higashi are playin’ each other,” Kaito said quietly. “I think
Yamamoto thinks he’s got us walking into a trap… and Higashi knows someone as transactional as
Yamamoto won’t question his motives.”
“You mean you think Higashi is some kinda double agent?” Sugiura asked.
Kaito gripped the door handle. “…More like I’m hopin’.” He pulled the door open and walked out
onto the streets, Yagami and Sugiura following close behind.

Chapter 126: Arakawa Loyalist
“Hold up… just what the hell is goin’ on here, boss?!”
January 15th, 2017
Mitsuo Yasumura had walked in at a rather inopportune time.
Masumi Arakawa looked up from his seat. Seated next to him was Daigo Dojima, Sixth Chairman
of the Tojo Clan.
And across from him… was Masaru Watase, the Acting Chairman of the Omi Alliance.
The Tojo Clan’s sworn enemy.
And Arakawa was meeting with him.
Also in the room were Goro Majima, Patriarch of the Majima Family, and Taiga Saejima, of the
Saejima Family. Everyone save Watase was still dressed in black, having just returned from the
funeral of Kazuma Kiryu.
“Hee hee!” Majima cackled. “Looks like the cat’s outta the bag, Masumi… You really oughta keep
your boys on a tighter leash.” He glared sharply in Mitsuo’s direction, though his grin didn’t leave
his face. “Scram, kid. We’re talkin’ shop here.”
“With… with him?!” Mitsuo exclaimed. “Boss… please forgive the intrusion… but that guy—!”
“Is a guest,” Daigo said. “My guest. And you’re embarrassing me and your patriarch in front of
him.”
Mitsuo clenched his fists, but bowed deeply. “I- I mean no disrespect, Chairman!”
Daigo eyed him. “…At ease.”
Mitsuo straightened out. “I just… Help me understand. Why is… he here?”
Arakawa stared at his subordinate for a tense moment. “…Why don’t you take a seat, Mitsu?” he
asked.
Mitsuo’s eyes widened. “W- with you? And… and the Sixth Chairman?”
Arakawa nodded slowly.
Daigo stared at him sharply. “Arakawa-san… are you sure?”
“We can trust him,” Arakawa said, a hint of amusement in his old voice. “In fact… we may even
need him.”
Mitsuo tilted his head. “S-sir…?”

“Sit,” Arakawa ordered. “I was going to announce this at the next family meeting, but since you’re
here, I may as well tell you. Mitsu… Effective tomorrow… We are Tojo Clan no more.”
Mitsuo’s eyes widened even as he sat. “W…what?”
“I’ve decided to betray our old clan,” Arakawa said, still sounding amused. The casualness in his
voice gave Mitsuo whiplash. “We’ll be joining the Omi Alliance, as the lead organization of its new
Tokyo branch.”
“Surely that’s a joke, sir!”
“It is not,” Daigo said quietly. “It has already been set in motion.”
“But… why?!”
“If you’ll give me a moment,” Arakawa said, “I will explain everything.”
And so he did, and as he did, Mitsuo’s confused and distraught look slowly softened into something
more understanding. Ryo Aoki, the Governor of Tokyo, had approached Arakawa the week prior to
deliver an ultimatum; either betray the Tojo Clan and begin feeding the police information on their
operations so that he may take them down, or else the police will begin arresting members of the
Arakawa Family on trumped up charges, disrupting their business and eventually forcing the family
to dissolve.
“I approached the Sixth Chairman with my dilemma shortly afterwards,” Arakawa said, turning to
Daigo, who nodded.
“And I told him… to do as Ryo Aoki says,” Daigo revealed. “I told Arakawa-san to betray the Tojo
Clan. As we speak, intelligence about our operations is being leaked to the MPD.” He leaned
forward, steepling his fingers. “…The arrests will begin any day now.”
“But… why take it?” Mitsuo asked. “Why not go down fighting? And what does the Omi Alliance
have to do with it?”
Watase looked over at him. “We’ve got problems of our own out east,” he revealed. “Fuckin’
cops’re tearin’ us apart. Every day it’s somethin’ new. One-a my guys gets arrested. One-a my guys
talks. Other day, I found out my lieutenant was wearin’ a fuckin’ wire. Can’t even blame the guy;
they’re suffocatin’ us. You know what he says to me? He says, ‘Sorry, boss. It ain’t personal’. No
fuckin’ loyalty anymore, and y’know why, right? It’s ’cause loyalty gets ya arrested or killed these
days. There’s no incentive to be honorable anymore.”
“I knew Watase-san was beginning to have the same ideas I was,” Daigo explained. “Namely, that
this business… It’s not sustainable. Not anymore. Even with our new alliances in Hiroshima… It
doesn’t replace what we lost last year.”
He closed his eyes, a pained expression on his face. “Without the Fourth Chairman as a stabilizing
factor… I fear the collapse of the Tojo Clan is not a matter of ‘if’, but ‘when’. And other families
are beginning to see the writing on the wall. One of my executives, Sosuke Arase, dissolved his
family last night. Took his assets with him, too.”
“Arase was always a fuckin’ rat…” Majima grumbled. “Never liked him.”

“Didn’t matter if you liked him, Majima-san,” Daigo argued. “He was one of the last ones keeping
our financials stable. And now that he’s gone… I don’t see how we can continue.”
“Hey, hey, you see what this asshole did?” Majima laughed. “He gave a damn interview, right as he
was walkin’ out of the police station. Started talkin’ about the ‘harm’ we caused, how his heart
‘breaks’ for the kids. Bullshit, man, just admit it, the money ain’t flowin’ anymore! Because first of
all, you were perfectly cool with it when we were rakin’ in it, and second of all… what kids? The
youngest guy we got now is like forty! Quit pretending you suddenly got a heart. But hey, if bein’ a
fuckin celebrity yakuza matters more to him than preserving the old ways, more power to him. Just
wish he was honest about it.”
He grunted and mocked a punch. “Pisses me off just thinkin’ about it… Wish I could give him a
piece of my mind…”
Saejima crossed his arms and leaned back in his seat, staring at the ceiling. “…He’s not even
wrong, though. The harm we’ve caused… Not sure we’re ever repentin’ for it.”
“Well, yeah, but… still.”
Daigo exhaled through his nostrils. “…The Tojo and the Omi share roots, you know. The Omi
Alliance is much older, yes. But one of our founders was an Omi man himself.” He glanced at
Mitsuo. “The other? A businessman. Their story is not one most in the Tojo or the Omi know. Nor
is it important for this predicament. Even I myself am unsure of some of the details. Some things
were intentionally obfuscated. Some things… I may have wrong. From what I understand, the man
that we now know as Makoto Tojo, the First Chairman of the Tojo Clan, may in fact have been both
of these men. Or perhaps neither. The story is that muddied. But there is one detail that I know to
be fact… and it does get me thinking.
“See… the Tojo Clan was, supposedly, formed during the war by these men, because despite their
successes—in the underworld and in business, respectively—they were outcasts. The Tojo Clan
was intended to be a place for people with nowhere else to go, where they can live life on their own
terms. No such place existed back then.”
He closed his eyes. “…We have strayed from that vision. We haven’t been that sort of place in a
very long time. At that point… is there any point in going on?”
He straightened out and looked at Watase. “So Watase-san and I agreed… that just as the Tojo and
the Omi were tied at birth… so too will they be tied in death. Arakawa-san is going to hand the
Tojo over to the police, Kamurocho over to the Omi Alliance… and then both organizations are
going to dissolve. Together. A Great Dissolution of Japan’s two largest yakuza syndicates.”
Mitsuo nodded slowly. “…So… What’s gonna happen to us?”
“There are ideas,” Arakawa said. “Nothing concrete. But it is my belief that this dissolution cannot
occur until each and every man that we are responsible for is able to succeed as a civilian. That is
the final step of the plan. We anticipate this process… taking a couple of years, at least. In the
meantime, it is my job to consolidate Tokyo’s yakuza under the Omi Alliance so that when we
dissolve, we all do it together.”
“I see…” Mitsuo said.
He wouldn’t meet Arakawa’s eyes.

“…Who else knows about this?” he asked finally.
Arakawa didn’t flinch. “…Just those in this room.”
“So… nobody else knows what’s about to happen,” Mitsuo muttered. “Nobody else knows… that
it’s all going to come crumbling down.”
Arakawa nodded slowly. “I understand if this upsets you. You have, after all, dedicated your entire
adult life to the Tojo Clan. But this is necessary. Things cannot continue the way they have been. I
only hope that you can find it in your heart to help us see this through, by helping the family
through this transition.”
Mitsuo didn’t say anything, at first. Then… he stood up.
Fists clenched.
Daigo tensed. Majima grinned. Saejima watched with curiosity.
“Boss…” he muttered. “You’re wrong.”
Arakawa raised an eyebrow. “Oh?”
“I didn’t dedicate my life to the Tojo Clan,” he said quietly. “I dedicated it… to you.”
He then bowed deeply.
“I… would be honored to follow you into the Omi Alliance,” he said genuinely. “To help you see
this through. I don’t know if I fully agree with what you all are saying, but… If this is what you
think is best… I’m with you all the way!”
***
And so with the Arakawa Family did Mitsuo remain through the Great Dissolution. After
Arakawa’s death, he joined the security company in Osaka that replaced the yakuza.
And when that came crumbling down as well, he returned to Kamurocho.
There he sat in the back office of Club Emerald Hills, a cabaret club on West Shichifuku Street that
he had inherited from the Arakawa Family after the Dissolution and Masumi Arakawa’s death. He
sat in silence as the man across from him, one Hiroshi Hayashi, explained an offer to him.
Toru Higashi, who Mitsuo recognized as a former associate of the Matsugane Family—the prior
owners of this club, before Arakawa acquired it after Matsugane’s death—stood next to Hayashi, as
did Tashiro, a blonde-haired former Matsugane member.
“…So you see… It’s all about protecting the community,” Hayashi said, smiling thinly. “To give
back… to those we had taken from.”
Mitsuo’s face didn’t shift, although his eyes did flick to Higashi. “…I hear you guys are goin’ after
Ichiban Kasuga,” he said finally. “That true?”
Hayashi frowned. “…Unfortunate business, that. You’ve heard of the Shin Tojo Alliance, yes? It
seems… that poor, stupid Kasuga has gotten himself wrapped up in it. Sweet-talked, I’m sure,

seduced even, by Haruka Sawamura.”
He stood up and paced the room. “I’m sure he thinks he’s doing something good. Giving a home to
the yakuza that, tragically, were hung out to dry by Daigo Dojima and Masumi Arakawa.”
Mitsuo’s eyes narrowed.
Slightly.
“…You really think so, huh?” Mitsuo asked.
Hayashi nodded. “Yes. All we want… is to bring Ichiban Kasuga and Masaharu Kaito back to the
light. She might be the brains, but they are her muscle. If we remove them from her side… She is
powerless. And then together, we can stand up against this new yakuza threat.”
Hayashi held his hand out. “So what do you say, Yasumura-san… Will you become part of the
solution?”
Mitsuo glanced at Higashi again.
Slowly… he nodded.
Mitsuo smirked. “Hmph. You know what?” He gripped Hayashi’s hand, causing Higashi to also
smirk. “You’ve got a deal, Hayashi-san. I’ll do whatever it takes… to protect the ones I care about.”

Chapter 127: Tranquillo A Shibuya
Yagami led Sugiura and Kaito through Kamurocho, on the search for Mitsuo Yasumura. The distant
sound of sirens was an almost nostalgic call for all three of the Tokyo natives, and would have
almost been reassuring, were it not for the lingering concern that the sirens may get closer.
“So, what’s the plan, Kaito-san?” Yagami asked.
“We find this Yasumura guy and figure out what he knows,” Kaito replied. “Only problem is, we
don’t got a clue where he might be. Or even what he looks like.”
“You never met?” Sugiura asked, to which Kaito shook his head.
“Nah. Because that raid went south back in 2000, Matsugane kept me out of Arakawa Family
affairs afterwards. Especially towards the end of the year when their beef with the Sakaki Family
started heating up. Arakawa apparently told pops straight up, he didn’t want any Matsugane boys
involved. Wasn’t our fight.”
“I can’t imagine Matsugane-san was too happy about that,” Yagami muttered.
“You’re damn right he wasn’t,” Kaito chuckled. “He swore to carry Arakawa’s burdens, and now
Arakawa was telling him to butt out? Left kind of a bad taste in his mouth. It’s weird, though…
after the Arakawa Family betrayed the Tojo Clan… Pops told us not to go after them. Said it wasn’t
worth it.” He put a finger to his chin. “Sometimes I wonder… if he knew more than the rest of us.
About the Dissolution, and Arakawa’s ploy to get all of Kamurocho’s yakuza under one banner for
it.”
Yagami retrieved a pack of cigarettes from his back pocket and lit one up—intentionally doing so
as quickly as possible to prevent Kaito from lighting it for him. He took a drag, then exhaled. “…
You think anyone else in the Omi would know where Yasumura is?”
Kaito hummed. “Hm… It’s possible. But considering Arakawa’s role in the Dissolution, I dunno if
Yasumura would be very popular with other ex-Omi. Tokyo held out for a couple of weeks after the
Dissolution. Even the Arakawa Family themselves continued under Sawashiro, ‘til he was
arrested.”
“So it would need to be somebody who was in the Omi Alliance…” Sugiura mused, “…but also
didn’t go rogue after the Dissolution. Do we know anyone like that?”
“Man, I don’t know anyone in the Omi, period,” Kaito said as he clicked his tongue. “Matsugane
kept us away from their territory, and I got expelled the same year the Omi took Kamurocho over
anyway, so I wasn’t exactly rubbing elbows with any yakuza by the time of the Dissolution.
Except… nah, that’s stupid.”
Yagami raised an eyebrow. “What is it?”
Kaito sighed. “Well… you know how back in the early days we used to take collections jobs from
Tojo-affiliated creditors?”
Sugiura looked amused. “You guys were… loan sharks? The detectives?”

Kaito shook his head. “Nah, nah, nah, we just collected the money from debtors on behalf of the
families. No coercion involved. Perfectly legal.”
“Uh huh.”
“Anyway… I just remembered one of those guys we worked for was Omi. I don’t remember his
name, but… He had an Arakawa Family pin. Pretty decent guy, all things considered. Ran a crew
outta Hachikocho.”
“Yakuza in Shibuya?” Sugiura asked. “Really?”
“Well, yeah, I mean it wasn’t like the OLD DAYS, you know? But yeah, the Tojo, the Omi, even
some smaller clans had their hands on Shibuya. Back in 2018, MOST of Hachikocho was run by
these guys called the Shibuya Syndicate. They were an Arakawa subsidiary. Mostly legit business.
Mostly… I bet if anyone would have survived the Dissolution unscathed, it would be these guys.”
Yagami saw where this was going. “And since they’re ex-Arakawa Family…”
Kaito nodded with a grin. “They might know where some other Arakawas ended up.”
Yagami crossed his arms. “I suppose it’s worth a shot.”
One subway trip later and they were back at Shibuya Station. Kaito immediately turned to the
crossing once they were topside. “If I remember right, their headquarters were in the 705,” he said
as they crossed over into Central Street.
Sugiura whistled. “Goddamn! How much money did this guy make to end up in there?!”
“If I had to guess, he probably was one of the Omi’s top earners,” Kaito replied. “I don’t know for
sure what this dude was making, but his businesses were all pretty lucrative. A nightclub, a music
label, a crypto operation, multiple cabaret clubs, hell, his illegal businesses might’ve been small
potatoes compared to the legal fronts.”
“And he was in the yakuza… why?”
Kaito shrugged. “We swear oaths. We all got our reasons for it. ‘Sides, it’s not like he joined the
yakuza when he was already filthy stinkin’ rich. People don’t do that.” He frowned. “Uh. Most
people don’t, anyway.” They approached the 705; Kaito read the sign posted in the entrance hall
and frowned. “Aaaaaand his office ain’t here anymore. Great.”
“Well, if it was an Omi-owned office, it would make sense that he vacated after the Dissolution…”
Yagami mused.
Kaito sighed. “Come on. Let’s try one of his clubs. I think… he’s got one right down here.”
The trio walked down the alley between Don Quijote Shibuya and a movie theater, coming up on a
nightclub called “The Thieves’ Den”—with a line going around the corner. “Agh… son of a bitch,”
Kaito groaned. “This is gonna take FOREVER!”
Yagami stared at the line. “…Let’s see if there’s a way in around back,” he said quietly as he led the
others further down the alley. His detective’s instincts kicked in, his eyes narrowing as a sort of
sixth sense of his came online.

“Hm…” His eyes darted to a set of conveniently stacked HVAC units which could function as a
ladder onto a nearby drainpipe. I could use that to get in through a window… he thought, …but I
don’t think it could hold Kaito-san’s weight. He looked down, at a ventilation shaft slightly lower.
…Don’t think I’d fit.
He heard a small “Meow!” from nearby. He turned around. In the corner of the alley was a trio of
well-fed looking cats lazing around. Heh.
He needed to focus. He glanced at a nearby truck, which had backed into the building’s loading
dock.
The gap between the truck and the opened roll-up door was just large enough that the three of them
could slip through.
Jackpot. “This way,” he said quietly as he motioned for Kaito and Sugiura to follow.
“Say, Tak… you get this look sometimes, you know?” Kaito said. “When you’re deep in thought.
Just starin’ at shit blankly, like you’re possessed. Creeps me out.” And yet, he followed.
Yagami slowed as he approached the truck, glancing at the cab. Nobody in the driver’s seat. A
glance at the trailer. He couldn’t see anyone.
Slowly, he inserted himself into the gap and peered into the trailer itself. Mostly alcohol in here.
Two guys—facing away, thankfully—were inspecting the merchandise.
“Goddamn, with how much cash the boss—agh, I mean… Inoue-san… spends on liquor, how the
hell are we still afloat?” one of them—an ex-yakuza, clearly—asked.
“You were in the business how long?” the other asked. “Come on. We upcharge everything. A
¥1000 drink has like ¥100 of actual liquor in it.”
“I just didn’t know he had it in him,” the yakuza admitted. “Back in the Omi, he was always
making dumbass business decisions. We lost a lotta money that way.”
“And yet, we were still the top-earning family in Tokyo. What’s that say about the rest of ‘em?
Besides, it’s not like the guy’s bad at business. Bein’ a criminal on the other hand… He was kinda
bad at that. Too good for it, y’know? It’s all ‘cause of who he looked up to.”
“Arakawa? No way. That guy could be ruthless when he wanted to be.”
“And so could Inoue-san.”
Interesting guy we’re about to go meet… Yagami thought as he slipped into the building. He
quickly looked at the receiver’s cage. Open, but unoccupied. The receiver might’ve been one of the
yakuza in the truck.
Lucky break.
The trio moved quickly and quietly through the back halls of the club as the thumping of dubstep
music through the walls became louder and louder, muffled bass causing the whole building to
vibrate subtly. He heard something else around the corner.
Voices.

He held a hand up, signalling Kaito and Sugiura to stop following for a second. Slowly
approaching the corner, the voices became louder. Two more club workers. One in a polo, tattoos
visible just beyond his sleeves. The other in a suit, low pompadour, sunglasses indoors. More
former Omi, Yagami guessed.
“You are not gonna fuckin’ guess who the boss just booked for next week,” the sunglasses yakuza
said.
“Who?”
“Snoop. Fucking. Dogg.”
“No shit? What strings did he have to pull for THAT?”
“Apparently he’s already in town. Was meeting with some video game company out in Shinagawa.
His agent reached out to a bunch of clubs in the area; Inoue dumped a bunch of cash to get him.
Club’s probably gonna operate at a loss next week…”
The polo yakuza scoffed. “Like we can’t afford it. We’ll make it back. When’d this happen,
anyway?”
“Just now,” the sunglasses yakuza replied. “He just got off the phone with somebody at Death Row.
He’s in his office now, gettin’ all hype about it, doin’ some weird-ass dance he saw online. Guy’s a
riot.”
Bingo, Yagami thought with a smirk.
“This guy sounds like a fuckin’ dork…” Kaito whispered with a smirk. “Lucky for us, huh?
Hopefully he’ll hear us out.”
“Don’t forget, he was still a yakuza, Kaito-san…” Yagami whispered back. “He didn’t get this high
up being harmless. We still need to watch ourselves.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know…”
The conversation between the two yakuza continued. “Anyway, we should head back out to the
floor. Boss wants security real tight for the next while. I think he’s worried that whatever’s goin’ on
in Kamurocho is gonna spill over into Shibuya.”
“Yeah, I heard that,” the polo yakuza sighed, before following his co-worker out onto the nightclub
floor.
“That’s our queue,” Yagami whispered. He rounded the corner and, as soon as it was safe, stepped
through the swinging double doors separating the back hall from the night club floor, an 808 riser
from the song playing inside conveniently leading up to his entrance.
The bass dropped.
The place was packed.
“Let me fucking hear you, Shibuya!” the performer on stage exclaimed; the crowd cheered and
jumped.

The trio could barely fit inside the massive room with how many people were dancing, grinding up
on each other, embracing.
“Holy shit!” Sugiura exclaimed over the music. “I see why the line was so long! This place is
fucking packed!”
“Where do ya suppose Inoue’s office is?” Kaito asked, also raising his voice.
Yagami looked around. He looked up. “Probably up there.”
He pointed; a massive window overlooked the dance floor, tinted black so one could barely even
tell it was a window.
“Right,” Kaito replied. “Let’s make our way over there, then.”
Carefully, Yagami started weaving around the crowd. He and Kaito were tall enough to stand out,
but he hoped that wouldn’t matter; it wasn’t like they were the most out of place people in the club.
That honor probably belonged to the tall-ish woman in her early twenties dancing and cheering
next to him who was clearly at least partly foreign; she had Japanese facial features but platinum
blonde hair and blue eyes. Her hair was styled into a pair of bushy pigtails, and at least a few of the
men in the club were staring at her.
She seems popular, Yagami thought with a smirk as he slid past her. Good. Keeps eyes off of us.
“Eyes forward, Tak,” Kaito leaned in to remark with a grin. “She’s too young for you anyway.”
In response to this, Yagami adjusted his hair with his middle finger without breaking his stride,
causing Kaito to cackle.
The music continued to blast as they moved through the crowd. “Work it fix it rock it move it crack
it smack it feel the beat, Work it fix it rock it move it crack it smack it feel the beat—.”
“You ever wonder if we’re gettin’ too old for this kinda scene, Tak?” Kaito asked. “Everyone
around here looks like kids to me.”
“You’re only as old as you feel, Kaito-san.”
“I got a 14 year-old stepson at home. I feel pretty damn old.”
“It’s just because we’re in Shibuya,” Sugiura reminded him. “Crowds are gonna skew younger.”
“I dunno, man… Holy shit,” Kaito said as his jaw dropped.
One of Inoue’s men clearly had a bit too much to drink, and was now dancing in the middle of the
crowd with his shirt off.
Oni irezumi in full view.
And people were cheering.
“Have times really changed that much?!” Kaito whistled. “Damn!”

Yagami stared at the dancing yakuza, then looked over at the bouncer guarding the doorway
leading upstairs, who was pinching his nose bridge. “God dammit…” he muttered as he stepped
away from the door. “TAKAHASHI! Get your dumb ass off the dance floor, you’re supposed to be
workin’!”
“Ah, fuck you, I’m on break!”
“Are you gonna be sober in fifteen?”
“Maybe…”
“Gah… let’s get you some water…”
The bouncer gripped Takahashi by the shoulders and redirected him to the bar.
The door was now unguarded.
“There’s our chance,” Yagami said. “Move. Now.”
The trio rushed through the crowd, trying not to make a scene. Upon reaching the door, they
quickly pushed it open, stepped inside, and shut it. Once again, the music became a subtle
thumping that vibrated the walls. Kaito grinned. “Good lookin’ out, Tak.”
They stared down the hall, up the stairs that would lead them to this mysterious Omi man.
“Whoever this guy is…” Yagami said, “...be ready for anything.”

Chapter 128: Risveglio Appassionato
Yagami, Kaito, and Sugiura walked quietly through the halls of The Thieves’ Den, ascending the
stairs up to the manager’s office. “So… how do you suppose this whole thing works?” Sugiura
asked.
Yagami raised an eyebrow. “Hm? What do you mean?”
“I mean… this Inoue guy ran this place when he was a yakuza, right? So how’d the place not get
shut down or sold off after the Great Dissolution?”
Kaito shrugged. “First of all—those were chaotic days. Lots of property changed hands all at once,
probably more than anyone could keep track of. Second of all… it’s not like the Omi Alliance
themselves owned the nightclub. Usually these places were owned by shell corporations run by
members or captains.
“My guess, with how many businesses Inoue was running for the Arakawa Family, is that he
probably legally owned most of them, either outright or through a company he had. So when the
Omi Alliance dissolved, not much about the actual business changed for him. He already has the
paperwork. He’s just not kickin’ profits up to a boss anymore.”
Sugiura frowned. “Hm. That’s… kind of boring.”
“You wanna hear a secret? A lot of the life was boring. You know what my job in the Tojo Clan
was?” Kaito grinned. “I was the guy that lost money.”
“You… what?”
“Okay, no, that’s not exactly true. I could run a profitable business, when I needed.” He chuckled.
“Cabaret clubs, arcades, whatever. But… by the time I got expelled, I was the guy that got sent in
when some dumbass in the family caused problems. Smooth things over with the community, that
sort of thing. Kept the Matsugane Family popular, which kept the cops from gettin’ called on us
whenever we walked into businesses to collect protection money.”
“And that… cost you money?”
“Sometimes. Sometimes I was makin’ an apology payment.” He smirked. “Sometimes I was buyin’
everyone a round at Bar Tender. Coincidentally… Tak was always at the bar when I was doing
that.”
“It wasn’t a coincidence,” Yagami replied flatly.
“Community outreach is an investment, at the end of the day,” Kaito concluded. “Spend a little
money earnin’ goodwill. Earn a lot of money because of that goodwill.”
The group rounded a corner, then quickly stepped back behind it when they realized two yakuza
were standing in the connecting hallway. “Glad the boss is able to distract himself,” one with a
punch perm and an earring said to his co-worker, a yakuza with a goatee and sunglasses. “He’s
been so stressed lately.”

“Eh? ‘Bout what?”
“Fuckin’ cops, man. We’ve been legit, what, three years? And they still keep comin’ around here,
like they’re tryin’ to catch us slippin’.”
“But we ain’t slippin’,” the other pointed out. “I mean… man I hate to say it… But we got lucky,
you know? Lotta guys ended up on the streets after the Dissolution. We all landed on our feet
thanks to the boss keepin’ us out of that bullshit in Kamurocho.”
So Inoue wasn’t on-board with the Tokyo Omi Alliance’s alliance with Ryo Aoki, Yagami thought.
Interesting.
“Man, but you know how it is,” the punch perm yakuza said. “Cops’ll twist anything to look bad.”
“Tch. Yeah, that’s true. ‘Specially that Yamamoto prick…”
“Yamamoto’s got the boss more stressed than anything. This whole city’s got the wool over their
eyes. Boss don’t like it.”
“Hey, remember those Phantom Whatevers from a few years back?” sunglasses yakuza asked with
a chuckle. “Guys like Yamamoto used to have to look over their shoulder ‘cause of them. Wonder
what happened to them…?”
“That was a fuckin’ fairytale, you dumbass!” the punch perm yakuza chastised. “What, you really
thought this group of invisible thieves was goin’ around and fuckin’ up rich assholes, and the cops
somehow never got any of them? Grow up. It was, ah, mass hysteria, or whatever. ‘Sides, if they
did exist, you know how screwed we would be? A yakuza patriarch in the heart of Shibuya would
be at the top of their shit list. Use your head.”
“…Oh, yeah, I guess so, huh?”
Kaito grumbled. “…Tak. These guys ain’t leavin’… What do we do?”
“I think we’ll have to get up to some phantom thieving of our own…” Yagami answered with a
smirk as he pulled a ¥500 coin from his pocket and, with a flick of his thumb, launched it down the
hall.
The coin landed with a light metallic sound that echoed toward the yakuza, who both turned to
stare at the source of the noise. “The fuck was that?” the sunglasses yakuza said. He narrowed his
eyes. “Huh? Hey, a coin! I wonder if it landed heads up…” he said as he walked toward it.
“Don’t be a chump, man,” the punch perm yakuza sighed. Suddenly, he felt a pair of arms surround
his neck; Yagami had pulled him down into a chokehold. He struggled only for a moment, before
the lack of oxygen caused him to fall unconscious, at which point Yagami gently laid him down.
Kaito, meanwhile, marched up to the sunglasses yakuza, who was admiring the coin he had picked
up. “Heh… my lucky day…” the yakuza said. Kaito tapped his shoulder, and he turned his head.
“Huh?”
Kaito sharply thrust an open palm into his face, knocking him out instantly. He fell to the ground.
Both men snored loudly in the hallway.

“That solves that,” Kaito chuckled.
The trio continued their way down the hall to another set of stairs, sneaking past other guards on
their way up.
Sometimes, even peacefully.
One thing Yagami noticed was that the hallways were all adorned with art. “This Inoue guy’s got
good taste,” he said. “Lot of it’s got the same signature. He must be a collector.”
“Whatever you say, Tak. I’ll just take your word for it.”
Finally, they approached a set of double doors leading into the owner’s office. Four yakuza stood in
front of it. They turned to the trio. “Whoa! Who let you chumps in?”
“Uh… your guy downstairs let us through,” Yagami lied. “We have… business with Inoue.”
The yakuza narrowed his eyes. “Oh yeah? What sort of business? The boss didn’t tell us shit.”
“Ah… We, uh… We just needed to talk to him about an investment opportunity.”
“The boss ain’t takin’ visitors. ‘Specially not for some MLM bullshit.”
Kaito glared. “First of all, nobody here is into MLM. Second of all, who cares if we are? You got a
problem with that? Like it’s any business of yours.”
“He means multi-level marketing, Kaito-san…” Yagami sighed. “You know. Pyramid schemes?”
“…Oh. I knew that.”
“Look, if we could please talk to your boss…” Yagami pleaded.
The yakuza put their fists up. “Only gonna say this once. Fuck off!”
Yagami sighed as he assumed his Crane stance as another 808 riser from downstairs vibrated the
floor. “Guess there’s no talking our way out of this one… Get ready, guys!”

“Work it, fix it, rock—!”

This was not a fun fight for anyone involved. Not for Yagami, because he really did not want to be
throwing down with some security guards when he could be questioning their boss, and not for the
guards because they were about to get absolutely folded.
One threw a punch at Yagami; he dodged, countered, hit him with a flurry of kicks, launched him
into the air with a rising kick, switched into his Tiger stance, juggled him with a series of palm
thrusts, switched back into his Crane stance, and kicked him across the hall, knocking him out.
Kaito hit one attacker with a counter hook, winding him, turned around, threw a push kick at
another attacker, grabbed him, and yelled out as he threw him across the hall. He hit his first
attacker with a flying dropkick he dubbed “Kaito Rocket 2.0”, knocking him down, then stomped
on his face, knocking him out.
Sugiura hit his opponent with a high left roundhouse kick, followed by a high right push kick,
which sent him into Yagami; he swept the man’s legs, sending him airborne and screaming. Kaito
thrust a fist into the air, catching him by the spine and causing his back to bend around his fist; the
man flew back up into the air from the force of this punch, and Yagami jumped into the air and,
with a twist, slammed a foot down into his stomach, sending the poor sap flying back into the floor,
unable to fight.
Yagami turned towards the door, narrowed his eyes, and ran at it, kicking it open.
Nothing could prepare them for the sight before them. “What the hell…?” Kaito muttered, his eyes
widening.
A massive soundbar against the wall blasted American music. “Rollin’ down the street, smokin’
indo, sippin’ on gin and juice, laid back, with my mind on my money and my money on my mind…”
At the center of the room, behind the desk, back to the trio… a man danced, shuffling his feet to the
beat.
“Yeeeaaaah, baby!” he exclaimed, pumping his fist. “I got him! I got fuckin’ Snoop, man! This
time next week, this club is gonna be bumping!”
Two yakuza stood with their backs to the wall. Their eyes widened. “Uh— Boss!”
“I know, it’s awesome, isn’t it?” the dancing idiot asked. “Oh man, this is so fuckin’ cool. I’m
gonna pass out. I’m actually gonna pass out, dude! I can not believe this! The Doggfather…
performing in my club! Dude, one of you’s gonna have to sock me. I mean, I gotta be dreaming!”
“Boss!”
The man stopped his embarrassing Crip Walk and chuckled. “Heh. What’s gotten into you, man?”
His bodyguard pointed at Yagami & co.
“…Huh?” The man slowly turned around to face them. He was a shockingly young man, late-20s
or early-30s at most. He had an undercut along both sides of his head, the longer top of his hair
slicked back and dyed blonde. A sideways grin crawled up his face, which quickly disappeared as
his eyes settled on Yagami, Kaito, and Sugiura. “…Ah.”

His eyes darted to the unconscious men behind Yagami. His grin, which had already softened into a
smirk, became a slight frown. His eyes narrowed slightly as he looked back up at Yagami. “I take
you’re not the average drunk clubbers,” he said, his tone still polite, even as a low growl entered his
voice.
“Sorry to barge in on you,” Yagami said as he stepped inside while the man grabbed a remote and
turned the music off. “And I’m sorry about the, ah, disagreement with your security. But we really
need to talk. The name’s Yagami. I’m a detective from Kamurocho, and I—”
The two bodyguards tensed. Each pulled a pistol from a holster hidden under their suit jackets and
pointed them at Yagami. “Not another fucking move, shithead!”
Their boss raised a hand. “Yo. Chill. That ain’t how we do things. You two know that.”
“B-but—!”
“Why don’t you give us some privacy?” he said. “It seems like this… Yagami and I… have
business to discuss.”
“Boss, I really advise against—!”
“That’s a fuckin’ order,” the man growled, casting a serious gaze at his bodyguards. “And I don’t
give orders twice.”
The bodyguards steadied their aim on Yagami a moment longer… then slowly, reluctantly,
holstered their weapons. They then turned to their boss and bowed deeply, their hands resting over
their knees. “We’re sorry, boss. We didn’t mean to—.”
“Hey,” the man interrupted. “Enough with this ‘boss’ shit, okay? We ain’t yakuza anymore. It’s
Inoue. Alright?”
“…As you wish… Inoue-san.”
The two men straightened out and slowly left the room, glaring at Yagami as they walked past.
Yagami didn’t look back at them out of awkwardness. “…Sir,” he said, “I promise we’re not here to
cause trouble. The thing is…”
“Gah, enough with this ‘sir’ shit!” the man groaned as he walked around the desk to approach
Yagami. “The name’s Inoue,” he said as he held his hand out. “Yu Inoue. So tell me, Yagami… just
what the fuck are you doing trespassing up here… and why shouldn’t I kill you for it?

Chapter 129: Awakening
Yagami paced Inoue’s office, admiring the decor. “You’ve got good taste, Inoue-san,” he
complimented. “Lotta yakuza just go for whatever looks the most expensive. Your office is curated,
though.”
“Yeah, well… I ain’t yakuza,” Inoue answered. “Haven’t been for three years.”
Yagami stopped in front of a painting on the wall; aesthetically, it evoked traditional Japanese
painting techniques, but thematically it seemed to be decidedly more modern. The painting
depicted some sort of a trickster-like red angel in a top hat, surrounded by other individuals. He
glanced down at the plaque.
“Arsene Lupin and His Phantom Thieves”
Kitagawa Yusuke 2020
Now that he was aware that the angel was intended to depict Arsene Lupin, the famous French
gentleman thief—a creation of author Maurice Leblanc—Yagami was able to recognize that most
of the other figures depicted also seemed to be interpretations of characters from classic mystery
literature, folklore, even some real historical figures. Lupin, the 18th century pirate William Kidd,
Zorro, Prosper Mérimée’s Carmen, Ishikawa Goeman, Pope Joan, Milady de Winter, among a
couple of others Yagami couldn’t quite place.
The commonality? All were famous thieves or tricksters. Rule breakers. People who existed in
society’s gray zones.
The signature was the same as the one on the paintings in the halls.
“You have a lot of paintings from this artist,” Yagami muttered. “Can’t say I’ve ever heard of him.”
“I’ve been buying from him for about four years now,” Inoue explained. “Often at a much lower
price than I would like.”
Yagami turned to him and raised an eyebrow. “Hm? What does that mean?”
“The artist refuses to place monetary value on his work,” Inoue explained as he stepped forward to
gaze upon the artwork with Yagami. “I refuse not to compensate him. It’s a frustrating back and
forth. Eventually, we settled on a deal. I would pay him, but he gets to set the number, and that’s the
final offer. He lowballs himself intentionally. No idea what the hell is wrong with him.
“His only ask,” he continued, “is that I do not hoard his art. So we rotate the works in and out of the
nightclub downstairs. So that others can appreciate the beauty of his creations.”
“That’s noble,” Yagami complimented. “Was the artist Omi-affiliated, too?”
“Nah. Civilian.” Inoue stared at Yagami. “Anyway… What is it you wanted? I know you didn’t just
beat the shit out of my security so that you could compliment my interior design skills.”
“How close are you to your former Arakawa Family associates, Inoue-san?” Yagami asked.

“Well, let’s see,” Inoue said as he stepped back around his desk. “Uh, number one, I ain’t yakuza
anymore. Number two, Arakawa-san is dead. Number three, Captain Sawashiro’s a dickhead and,
last I heard, in prison, and number four, half the family betrayed Arakawa-san’s vision when
Sawashiro tried to lead us past the Great Dissolution.” He sat back at his desk. “So no, we’re not
very close.”
“Good to know Sawashiro’s as popular with the rest of the family as he was with Kasuga,” Kaito
quipped.
“You keep saying you’re not yakuza anymore,” Yagami said, “but most of your staff here are pretty
plainly ex-Omi Alliance.”
Inoue lifted a hand and gestured noncommittally. “Yeah. What of it? No, no, let me guess. You’re
investigating in search of a crime, right? Well you’re not gonna find any here. So if that’s all you
want, get lost.”
“Your guys back there had guns. Now, correct me if I’m wrong, but unless you have some kind of
special exemption, that pretty clearly violates firearms laws.”
“What the fuck are you getting at?” Inoue asked, the low growl returning to his voice.
Kaito sighed. “Be honest, Tak… are you ragebaiting this guy?”
“I think you’ve still got connections,” Yagami said, ignoring Kaito. “I think you still talk to some of
your former associates in the Arakawa Family. We’re looking for one in particular. Mitsuo
Yasumura. You know him?”
Inoue drummed his fingers on the desk. “…Why’re you asking?”
“So you do know him.”
“Didn’t say that. But you’re acting sus as fuck. So if I did know him? I’m not particularly inclined
to tell you shit, asshole.”
Yagami scoffed. “I’m acting suspicious. Meanwhile you’ve got yakuza walking all up and down the
halls of your ‘legitimate business’.”
“Where the fuck else were they supposed to go?” Inoue growled as he stood up.
Yagami’s lip twitched.
Just slightly.
Kaito and Sugiura noticed.
“I’m so sick of this,” Inoue growled as he paced the room. “We went straight three years ago, right
after the Great Dissolution. And we’ve been straight since then. Why… the fuck… do assholes like
you think you can just waltz in here in search of a crime?”
Yagami put his hands in his pockets. “You know, Inoue-san… I don’t actually care about the
crimes.”
“Then why are you here?!”

“We need information. We think Yasumura might be in trouble. We want to help. And so… we
need you to be honest with us about your ties to any ex-Arakawa associates.”
Inoue paused his agitated pacing and stared at Yagami. “…How do I know you aren’t Bleach
Japan?”
“Because Bleach Japan is hunting us,” Yagami answered. “My friend here, Kaito… He’s ex-Tojo
Clan. Matsugane Family. He’s been framed for a murder he didn’t commit. So was my client,
Haruka Sawamura. The guy that wants them taken down is Yamamoto, the Tokyo police
commissioner.”
Inoue chuckled darkly and shook his head. “That asshole…”
“Yamamoto‘s after Ichiban Kasuga, too. Ex-Arakawa Family.”
Inoue raised an eyebrow. “Never met him.”
“You wouldn’t have. He was banished at the turn of the Millennium.” Yagami raised a finger. “But
some of your former associates, like Yasumura? The ones who were around for decades? Some of
them did know him. And we think Bleach Japan is attempting to recruit those people to try and get
close to Kaito and Kasuga.”
Inoue stared at him a moment longer… then turned away, and walked back over to the Kitagawa
painting. “Bleach Japan is… exactly what Arakawa-san didn’t want to happen when we dissolved. I
wasn’t in Osaka for the Dissolution. Officially, I wasn’t even aware the Dissolution was going to
happen. Unofficially… I had my hunches. In fact… I had known it was a possibility for at least a
year.
“In public, things were business as usual for me. In private… I was preparing. As soon as word got
out of what had happened out west… I made my move. While Sawashiro and Ishioda and Tendo
were consolidating power in Kamurocho, I took advantage of the confusion and declared the
Shibuya Syndicate as an independent yakuza organization, unaffiliated with the Tojo or the Omi,
which bought me enough time to consolidate my assets with a silent partner. Quietly transferred my
boys’ employment contracts to a shell corporation.
“Couple of months later, I marched down to the police station and dissolved the family. By that
point, there was only one member.” He glanced at Yagami. “Me. Everyone else? Legitimate
employees of my legitimate company, which now held all of the family’s assets. Silent partner sold
her shares to me, and I took my spot as Chairman of the company. I still can’t believe I pulled that
off. But I did. I had to. My boys… they weren’t just muscle. They were family. And I refused to
abandon them.”
He looked back at the painting. “…You, on the other hand… are a total stranger. And I don’t trust
you. So I’m not obligated to help you with anything.” He put his hands behind his back. “…Not
unless… you prove to me that you can be trusted.”
Yagami crossed his arms. “And how do you suggest I do that?”
Inoue grinned. “There’s only one way to earn my trust.” Slowly, he raised his hand to his left
sleeve…
…And pulled, tearing off his shirt and his jacket, baring his back to Yagami.

His irezumi was of a monkey, sitting cross-legged in a Chinese tang suit, a guandao in his hands.
Yagami stared at the tattoo, then glanced back up at the painting.
Arsene. Kidd. Zorro. Carmen. Goemon. Joan. Milady.
He stared at Inoue’s back one more time… and smirked. Sun Wukong. Journey to the West.
“You and me,” Inoue said as he turned around and put his fists up in a Jeet Kune Do stance. “One
on one. You win? I’ll tell you everything I know. Deal?”
Yagami’s smirk didn’t falter. “Yeah. We’ve got a deal.”
Inoue’s grin widened. “Good! I like it! Alright then, Yagami… you better not disappoint!”

Chapter 130: Wukong's Oath
Yagami’s opponent seemingly couldn’t stay still, owing to his energetic, boxing-focused footwork
which melded expertly with his Jeet Kune Do-inspired stance. Inoue smirked and threw a couple of
punches in the air as he kept his feet light, hyping himself up for the fight ahead. “You better not
hold back!”

Inoue moved first, overextending with a wild haymaker that Yagami easily dodged. The haymaker
wasn’t the point, however; Inoue spun, striking the detective in the face with both fists, then hit him
with a forceful push kick that staggered him. He leapt at Yagami with a running dropkick; Yagami
came to his senses with only a second to spare and quickly dashed away, causing Inoue to fall
painfully onto the floor.
He quickly righted himself however and stood back up, just in time to take a flurry of Tiger Style
palm thrusts from Yagami. He countered with a right mid-kick and a left horse kick, finishing with
a right axe kick which spiked Yagami off of the ground.
When the detective landed back on the floor, Inoue taunted. “Come on! I thought you’d be tougher
than that!” With a growl, Yagami spun onto his back and shot his legs up into the air, striking
Inoue, then leapt back onto his feet. He then switched to his Crane stance, signaling this with a 360
degree spin, and jumping into the air just as Inoue threw a punch, which he of course then whiffed.
Yagami took advantage of this with a spinning right roundhouse kick which sent Inoue crashing
into his desk, smashing it.
Inoue seemed unbothered by the property damage, but did feel the need to establish a new ground
rule as he rolled backwards into his stance. “Yo! Do me a favor; don’t touch the paintings.”
Yagami smirked as he landed back on his feet. “You got it.”
Inoue approached slowly, attacking with a roundhouse kick in each direction and a push kick that
knocked Yagami down. He followed with a cartwheel, then a fist to his face; he quickly rolled off
of the detective, who struggled to stand, stunned.
He then ran at him and football kicked his face. Yagami stood up, dodged another punch, then
struck him with his left fist; dodged yet another, struck him with his right. He hit Inoue with a
flurry of kicks ending in a sharp upwards launching kick; he quickly switched back into his Tiger
stance and kept him in the air for several seconds, finishing by kicking him into the wall.

Inoue spat blood, grinned, and stood up. “Heh… I’m gonna KICK YOUR ASS!” He sprinted at
Yagami, an attack at the ready.
Yagami countered with an open-palmed Tiger Drop to the solar plexus that again sent Inoue flying
backwards and into the wall.
That really made him mad. Inoue stood up again. Yagami could practically see the Heat aura
radiating from his body as he got ready to retaliate, a neon blue fire that evaporated all of the sweat
on his body. “No holding back, then!” Inoue growled as he held his hand to his face, almost as if he
was adjusting an invisible mask over his eyes. He then clenched that hand into a fist and got ready
to attack again.
From that moment forward, he moved twice as fast, catching Yagami off guard. His combos hit
harder and came faster. He raised a knee up into the detective’s gut and launched him, then
followed up with a leaping roundhouse that sent him cartwheeling across the room. Kaito and
Sugiura had to quickly step back to avoid being hit.
Yagami quickly rolled out of the way as Inoue jumped after him and slammed both fists onto the
ground where Yagami had been lying a second earlier. The detective quickly stood up and met him
blow for blow. Punch, kick, elbow, knee, both took and dished out some brutal attacks. Inoue
grabbed Yagami, who, with a growl, slammed his forehead into Inoue’s, staggering him.
A dangerous look entered the ex-yakuza’s eyes as he recovered. “You’re gonna regret that…” he
growled. “Come on… let’s see you dodge this!” he taunted. Yagami could feel the Heat aura
radiating from Inoue grow even stronger as he readied his deadly attack. He ran at Yagami and
threw his strongest punch yet; Yagami countered this with a mortal reversal, dodging with a
butterfly kick, swinging around his enemy’s waist, and then lifting him up into the air by his right
leg and slamming him into the ground with a right hammer fist.
Inoue’s back felt like it shattered as he hit the ground, defeated.
Yagami stepped backwards, breathing heavily. “Hah… hah… you’re pretty good…” he
complimented.
Inoue gritted his teeth as he painfully and slowly rolled onto his hands. “Heh… thanks…” He
coughed a glob of blood onto the floor and collapsed. “…Aight… just gimme a sec… I’ll tell you
what you wanna know…”
Looking around the destroyed office, he added “…Maybe we should move this somewhere else,
though…”
Yagami rubbed the back of his neck as he glanced around, at the destroyed desk, the caved in walls,
the chairs that had been exploded into a million pieces.
Paintings were okay though.
Yagami grimaced. “Yeah, uh… sorry.”
Inoue waved his concern off. “They’re just… things… I can buy new things…”
“That’s… one way of looking at it.”

Kaito glanced around the room. “…Wish I could buy things.”
***
Inoue took Yagami, Sugiura, and Kaito to a different, smaller office a bit down the hall. It had no
window and no art… but it did have furniture.
He sat on a sofa, still trying to catch his breath. “…You hit really hard, dude,” he muttered. “You
don’t look like a guy who hits hard. But you hit fucking hard.”
“You hit a little harder,” Yagami chuckled. “So, Mitsuo Yasumura… have you seen him?”
Inoue shook his head. “Ah… not exactly. See, even though we were an Arakawa Family subsidiary,
we were basically operating like we were independent even before the Dissolution. I was just doin’
my own thing, kickin’ my profits up the ladder to Captain Sawashiro at that point. So, Arakawa-san
aside, I wasn’t, like, super buddy-buddy with anyone else in the family.
“The last time I saw Yasumura-aniki probably would’ve been… last year, after the security
company went tits up. Actually… It was an accident that we met. I had gone into Kamurocho to
make an offer on Club Emerald Hills, a cabaret club that the family used to own.”
Kaito raised an eyebrow. “So it ended up in Arakawa’s hands after Matsugane passed, huh?”
Inoue nodded. “Yeah. And I didn’t know who owned it after the Dissolution. I figured… if the
security company wasn’t working out, I should try and pick up the pieces. Expand my portfolio
while keeping some ex-Arakawas employed. My silent partner agreed it was a good idea, and
loaned me some capital for it.”
“You keep mentioning a silent partner,” Yagami pointed out. “Who would that be?”
Inoue shook his head. “Sorry. I’d rather not say. Truth be told, our original arrangement was…
stupid, on her part. We’ve been doing business since about a year before the Dissolution, and it’s
illegal to knowingly do business with a yakuza.”
“Did she know you were yakuza?” Kaito asked.
Inoue nodded. “Oh yeah. Big time. Could’ve ended really badly for her. I’d rather it not get out that
she was doing business with me at all, even if I am legit now. I promise you, though, that she’s not
relevant to your case at all. Just a financier and a stakeholder in my legal businesses. That’s all. She
never had anything to do with… the other stuff.”
“Girlfriend,” Kaito said with a smirk.
Inoue’s face reddened. “Hey, like I said, it’s none of your goddamn business.”
“Ahhhh, not a girlfriend. …’Cause you haven’t said anything yet.”
“Dude, shut up!”
“Hah! Nailed it.” Kaito’s smirk widened into a grin. “So, if you’ve been doin’ business with her for
four years… that mean you’ve been tryin’ to find the words for that long?”

Inoue shook his head. “I’m ignoring you, now. Besides, do you know how dumb I’d have to be to
try anything like that? ‘Hey, I know you’re extremely wealthy and can have anything you want and
a reputation you need to protect in the business world, but have you considered it might also be fun
to go out with a violent ex-yakuza’? Get real.”
Kaito snorted. “Stranger things have happened.”
“Anyway, I went over to go make an offer, only to find out that Mitsuo already owned it.” He
shrugged. “Maybe he did the whole time. Arakawa didn’t directly own most of the family’s
businesses, since, you know. Bad idea. I owned basically all of Arakawa’s businesses in Shibuya,
since it was my idea to expand into Hachikocho in the first place. I guess Mitsuo had at least some
of Kamurocho.”
“So didja end up buying the place?” Kaito asked.
“No point. He had it sorted.”
“You trust that?” Yagami asked.
“I had to. He never gave me reason not to trust him.”
“Not for nothing, but if he’s been with them that long, he did go along with Arakawa’s plan to
betray the Tojo,” Sugiura pointed out. “I’m not saying you care about that, being an Omi man—.”
“I was a Tojo man first,” Inoue replied. “And even if I wasn’t… who cares?”
“Oh yeah… Guess you would’ve had to have been, huh?” Kaito said. “Honestly, I get where you’re
coming from though. When we swear that oath, we ain’t swearin’ to the clan. Not really. We’re
swearin’ to our patriarchs. Glad to see that didn’t change.”
Inoue scoffed. “Trust me, it did. Most of the other guys in the Tokyo Omi swore to money. Always
pissed me off.”
“My point is, if Mitsuo switched sides once, how do we know he wouldn’t again?” Sugiura asked.
“‘Cause he switched sides for the same reason I did,” Inoue said. “Arakawa-san asked. I didn’t give
a shit about the Tojo Clan before, and I didn’t really give a shit about the Omi Alliance after. All I
cared about was makin’ my patriarch proud. I might not know that much about Mitsuo… but I
know what kind of man Arakawa would have placed my trust in. We’re not rats. None of us.”
“Sawashiro excluded, I’m sure,” Kaito chuckled.
Inoue sighed. “…I hate Sawashiro, man. That guy’s a prick. But… he was the most loyal to
Arakawa of us all. So when he took over as patriarch after Arakawa’s death, and tried to salvage
the Omi Alliance through the Great Dissolution… I knew he had to be workin’ some kinda angle.
Wasn’t an angle I was interested in. But it wasn’t for no reason.”
Yagami leaned forward, steepling his fingers. “…You said Mitsuo owned Emerald Hills as recently
as last year?”
Inoue nodded. “Yeah. The only other Arakawa business I checked was a pachislot parlor in Theatre
Square. Mitsuo did not own that place, so I put an offer down.”

“Must’ve been expensive,” Kaito whistled.
“Only three things are guaranteed in this life,” Inoue said. “Death, taxes, and salarymen pissing
their bonuses away on pachinko. Believe me, money is not an object when you’re looking to invest
in gambling businesses in Kamurocho.”
“So I guess that’s the best lead we’re going to get,” Yagami said as he stood up. “Thank you, Inouesan.”
“You heading over there now? I could send some of my guys with you.”
Yagami smirked. “Appreciate the offer, but we prefer to handle these things ourselves.”
Inoue smirked as well. “Heh. Good shit. Me too.” He pulled a business card out of his jacket pocket
and handed it to Yagami. “That’s my number. Call me if you run into any problems. I’m always
down to rip some Bleach Japan motherfuckers a new asshole.”
“We might just take you up on that,” Yagami chuckled as he pocketed the card.
“Good luck, Yagami-san,” Inoue said. “And if any Arakawa boys are wrapped up in this
nonsense… send them my way. Alright?”
Yagami nodded. “Will do.” He turned to Kaito and Sugiura. “Alright. Back to Kamurocho. Let’s
head out.”
With that, the trio left the office, leaving Inoue alone. He tapped his fingers against his lap
impatiently for a moment, before glancing at his cellphone, which sat on the nearby coffee table.
Hesitantly, he grabbed it, dialed a number, and let it ring until someone picked up. “Hey. Uh- yo.
It’s me. …No, uh, I’m not calling to talk business.” Although considering how much cash I just
dropped on a rapper, maybe I should be…
“I just wanted to ask, um… When does your business trip end? It’s been a minute. We should get
coffee, once you’re back in town. If you want. If that’s okay.” He listened to the reply, then slowly
grinned. “…Really? I-I mean, yeah, cool. Cool. J-just give me a call, okay? I’ll take you
somewhere nice! S-so that we can talk shop, I mean. Okay? Alright. Cool. Okay, yeah. I’ll talk to
you when you get back.”
He hung up the phone, slowly placed it back on the coffee table… and placed his face in his hands.
“…Why did I do that? Dumbass, now you gotta commit! Agh…”

Chapter 131: Pride From Despair
Haruka had lost about six games of Reversi against Ren Amamiya.
It was as if he had a third eye, one that saw every move she was about to make.
She was sick of it.
“…That’s my last game,” she muttered, utterly defeated. This was the worst thing that had ever
happened to her.
“Maaaaaybe let’s try something that doesn’t involve a competition,” Kasuga chuckled.
Sae pinched her nose bridge. “…Please.”
Ren drummed his fingers against the table. “One second.” He stood up and walked into the
kitchenette, opened a storage closet, and dragged out a Joysound machine. “Anyone up for
karaoke?”
“When did you get that?” Sae asked, to which Ren shrugged.
“The bartender at Tartarus in Shibuya got a new one, gave me his old one. Sojiro doesn’t like to
bring it out. Says it ruins the vibes of the place.”
“It certainly does,” Sae muttered as she sipped her coffee. “…Why is a bartender across town
giving you his old equipment?”
“I got my ass kicked outside his bar once,” Ren mumbled as he fumbled with cables. “There was
a… misunderstanding, with Ann. And Makoto. And Haru. And Futaba. And a couple of others…”
Haruka’s eyes narrowed. “…What sort of ‘misunderstanding’?”
“Th-that’s not important…” Ren muttered. “What’s important… is we talked after the girls were
done, um, airing grievances. He’s actually a pretty cool guy.”
“This sounds familiar…” Kasuga mused as he put a finger to his chin. “I think a similar thing
happened to me once.”
Haruka turned to Kasuga. “…What kind of a similar thing?”
“Th-that’s not important!” Kasuga echoed. “The girls all forgave me for it!”
“…forgave you for what?” Haruka glanced between Kasuga and Ren as the puzzle pieces fit
together. “…You both deserved it.”
“You don’t even know what happened!” Ren protested.
“A woman can tell when a man is guilty,” Haruka replied coldly. “You both? You’re guilty as hell.”
“…It was a misunderstanding…” Kasuga grumbled.

Sae blinked. “Wait, I thought that incident happened here, not in Shibuya.”
Ren coughed. “It… might’ve happened twice.”
Akiyama snorted. “Maybe learn to stop thinking with the wrong head…”
Ren stood up. “Anyway. It’s ready. …Who wants to go first?”
Kasuga glanced at Sae Niijima, who sat at the bar, having produced an envelope from her pocket
which she now absentmindedly tilted in her hand. He grinned. “Sae-chan,” he said.
“The hell did you just call me?” she snapped, glaring at him.
“Why don’tcha get up on the stage?”
Sae simply stared at him. “…I don’t sing.”
“Ahhh, come on!” Kasuga encouraged. “You’re a member of the party! Ya gotta sing
SOMETHING!”
“I am not in your ‘party’,” Sae replied instantly. “This isn’t one of your video games. We’re not
Dragon Ranchers or whatever you think this is.”
“Dragon Quest,” Kasuga corrected, still grinning. “But if my game’s not your cup of tea, you could
go play Persona with Haruka-chan.”
Ren blinked. “Excuse me?”
“I am not a gamer, I am a prosecutor,” Sae growled.
“Nahhhh, you’re one of the Heroes of Yokohama, like us!” Kasuga replied. “Face it, Sae-chan…
You’re a member of the party, now.”
“If I sing will you stop calling me that?” Sae asked.
“Yeah.”
She immediately stood up. “Give me that microphone.” She marched over to the machine and
began tapping on the screen. “You want me to sing? Fine. I’ll sing.”

She held the microphone up to her lips as an electric guitar opened the song.
“Another shitty fucking day.
Another shitty FUCKING year.
More trash for the heap… ain’t that right boys and girls?!”
Kasuga blinked. “This song sounds kinda angry…”
“If this is all we’re living for…
It’s time to stand up!
We’ve got pride to spare!
So let’s pull Pride from Despair!”
MIDI drums kicked in as that intro ended, the guitar shredding leading into a rather angry metal
backing track. Sae held the microphone back up to her lips as the verse began.
“Choking on this toxic air
Driven down without a care
I’m constantly aware
I’m a lost and lonely child.
“God ran for god-knows-where
Deaf ears, unanswered prayers
Paid the fare to go nowhere
Another wasted mile.

“Can’t see beyond the glare
Even though the map’s laid bare
Grin and bear it,
It’s our share,
This road goes on forever!
“Slippping further every day
Another sin to wash away
Whether we’re wrong, who’s to say?
It’s now or never!”
She pulled the microphone away from her lips for the breakdown. “And what did you want out of
life? Did you think you’d die with pride? Smiling from the heavens like you won the war with
time?”
She pointed at Kasuga, at Akiyama, and at Ren. “Hey boys! Eyes open! If you’re still standing,
show ‘em, right now! Carve out your pride from despair!”
She disappeared into her own thoughts, the room fading around her, as she flashed back to a time,
years ago, when she faced off against a beaten and bruised Ren in an interrogation room, her arms
crossed over the table in front of her, a determined glare in his eyes, pulling pride from despair.
“Burn it down!
This landfill that we found!
Turn the past to ash
And cast it to the ground!”
Another image entered her mind.
A woman.
A slinky black dress.
Flapper hat.
Fishnet stockings.
Cigarette holder.
Golden, glowing pupils.
The deepest neckline.
A sinister smile on her face.

Was this… her?
“The furnace rusts!
I’ll leave the world in smoke and dust!
A poisoned heart they’ll never defeat!”
She smirked. Actually…
She liked this side of her.
The side that took risks.
Gambled with her future.
The shadow.
The true self.
Because that side of her… she needn’t cast it away.
Her two halves… could coexist.
“And I’ll remain
The sulfur in the rain
Through fire
Through hell
Through all the pain!

“From up on high
In bellowing and blackened skies
You bet
I’ll be looking down with pride!”
She imagined herself—both halves, walking together—crossing Shibuya Scramble, as the crowd
parted to make way. “Are you listening now, brothers? Do you hear me sisters?! All the anguish in
your lives… has been worth it! For your pain… is your pride!
“Now follow me! And run! Run! RUN!”
She braced herself against the machine, panting as the song came to an end.
Everyone stared. “…Holy shit Niijima-san…” Kasuga said quietly. “That… was badass.”
“Are you satisfied?” Sae grumbled as she sat back down.
“Totally! That was awesome!”
Sae turned in her seat and tossed the microphone to Ren; he caught it in midair. “Your turn. If I had
to, you do too.”
Ren smirked. “Gladly.”
As the boy walked towards the machine, Kasuga’s eyes drifted down to the letter Sae had been
playing with earlier.
It was sealed with the Tojo Clan’s crest.
He raised an eyebrow, but his attention was quickly pulled by a rising orchestra coming from the
machine.

Ren let the intro play out, then held the microphone to his mouth. “I’ll steal your heart… with my
voice.”
“I’ve been a fool
And you’ve been childish.
You fell down
You got hurt chasing sweeter dreams.
"Never could
Hide the truth in your eyes.
That’s how I knew
That smile was a lie.
“‘I love you’ is
Something you never say.
Couldn’t get it out
Always just pulled away.
“So then why…
Please, won’t you tell me why
You could find the words…
To say goodbye?!”
Ren recalled earlier in the day, before the cafe had opened. Sojiro offered to make breakfast for
him.

“I’m such a mess!
I’m lost
I’m no good at this…
I am in love
Still in love
Still in love with you!”
He had sipped his coffee then, glancing over as Sojiro placed the plate beside him.
“Hard as I try
I can’t even drink this pain away.”
His eyes widened as he saw the breakfast he had been given.
Before him, on the bar…
…sat a plate of delicious pancakes.
“Memories of you
Twisting my view
I’ve been a fool.”
He began to sob uncontrollably as he averted his eyes from the plate… and that was how he spent
his morning.
Ugly crying over breakfast for twenty minutes.
Back in the realm of reality, he somberly placed the microphone down… and walked back behind
the bar. “Who’s next?”
Haruka stood up and grabbed the microphone. While she queued up her song (“Otometal My Life”)
Kasuga sipped his coffee and glanced at Sae. “That’s not a thing a prosecutor usually carries
around,” he muttered, catching her off-guard.
“Hm?”
“An envelope with the Tojo Clan’s seal,” he clarified, his voice low, but not hostile. “You been
carryin’ something that dangerous around this whole time?”
Sae stared at the envelope in her hand. “…For about three years.”
“Huh? That’s a long time… Where’d you get it?”
“It was entrusted to me by Daigo Dojima,” she explained softly. “Almost exactly three years ago,
actually. 2019, close to Christmas.” She glanced at him. “Shortly before the Great Dissolution.”
“What’s in it?” Kasuga asked.
“I have no idea.”
“…What?”

“Dojima-san never told me.” She turned to watch as Haruka sang. “I hadn’t represented him legally
in over a year—I had gone back to the Ministry the previous summer and so could no longer be his
attorney—so I was surprised when he asked to meet with me. We met right here, in Leblanc…”
***
It was a chilly December morning. The streets were slick; it had rained the previous night. A thin
layer of fog hung over the streets of Yongen-Jaya. The bell over the door rang as Sae walked in.
Sojiro glanced at her, then jutted his head towards a booth, where Daigo already sat, sipping on
coffee. “I take it I should make myself scarce?” Sojiro asked, seeming a tad annoyed.
“That won’t be necessary, Sojiro-san,” Daigo said politely. “You needn’t bend your business around
the yakuza. If I’m not mistaken, it’s unlawful to do so now.”
Sojiro stared at Daigo, then glanced at the other empty booths. “…What business?”
Daigo allowed himself a small smirk. “It’s early yet.”
With a shrug, Sojiro returned to preparing his kitchen for the day. Daigo nodded to Sae as she sat in
the booth across from him. “Thank you for meeting with me on such short notice, Niijima-san,” he
said, bowing his head gratefully. “I know that, given your position within the Ministry of
Justice…”
“I’m a nobody there now,” Sae corrected as Sojiro set a cup of coffee down in front of her. “That’s
the way it should be.”
“Still, to be meeting with a yakuza…”
“I’m an ex-defense attorney, meeting with a former client,” she replied, sipping her coffee.
“Besides… These days, if word got out that I was meeting with the Sixth Chairman of the Tojo
Clan, most people would probably think… ‘Who?’ No offense. But with the Omi Alliance walking
up and down the streets of Tokyo, well… people have bigger things to worry about.”
Daigo nodded. “Yes. That’s… actually part of what I wanted to talk about.” He took in a deep
breath, and then took another sip of his coffee. “…The Omi Alliance’s acting chairman gets out of
prison in two days. I’m heading down to Osaka tomorrow to prepare.”
Sae tilted her head. “Prepare for what?”
Daigo stared into his coffee. “…Watase-san and I… We’re going to end it. Once and for all.”
“End… what? The rivalry?”
“The yakuza.”
Sae’s eyes widened slightly. “Excuse me? Wait… All of that talk about dissolving… The legal
questions… I thought you were asking on the Tojo Clan’s behalf.”
Daigo nodded. “I was. What I didn’t tell you back then, is that Watase-san and I decided almost
three years ago… that our two clans would dissolve together. The Tojo… and Omi. One of our
founders… He was a yakuza in Sotenbori, serving under the Omi Alliance’s banner during the war.
He broke out on his own to form his own family. Tojo-kai. A home for Japan’s outcasts. Because of

that, in a way… Our two organizations are like brothers. So we’ve decided to go out on our own
terms, together.”
Sae looked down into her own cup. “…The Reiwa Era has only just begun… and already
everything is changing. Yakuza in Tokyo was… a fact of life when I was a child. My father was a
police officer; he encountered them on a daily basis. I would walk to school and see men with Tojo
Clan pins patrolling the streets. That was… the world we had all resigned ourselves to living in. To
think that that’s all coming to an end…”
She looked back up at him. “It’s not going to be clean. You know that, right?”
Daigo nodded slowly. “Yeah. I… have no idea what’s going to happen. We’re preparing for
anything, but… you can only account for so much. Truth be told… I’m not certain that I’ll be
walking out of the audience chamber.”
“Meaning…?”
“Meaning I’m going to be in a room with a lot of pissed off, newly unemployed yakuza,” Daigo
said darkly. “Watase-san and I are expecting the worst. And so… I’d like to entrust something with
you. In case… the worst occurs.”
He reached into his coat pocket and produced an envelope bearing the Tojo Clan’s seal. He held it
out for Sae, who took it and examined it. “Don’t open it right now. Hopefully… You won’t need to
open it at all.”
“What’s in it?” Sae asked.
“If all goes well? Nothing important.” He sipped his coffee. “If it doesn’t, well… I just want you to
hold on to it, for now.”
Sae looked back down at the envelope, her thumb brushing over the seal. “…Why me?” she asked.
“Why you?” Daigo echoed. “For starters, you’re outside the system. My system, anyway. With the
way things might go down, I’m not sure I can entrust it with anyone within the Tojo Clan.
Second… that it’s in your possession establishes a chain of legal custody. So if in fact we do need
what’s inside… Nobody can question what I have written. It’s as good as the letter of the law, to all
of Japan’s yakuza.”
He glanced out the window behind her. “…Third… There’s only one other man I would have
trusted to carry this burden.” He sighed sadly. “…The Fourth Chairman’s death nearly three years
ago leaves me with no other option. No candidate more suitable… than you, Niijima-san.”
“So… is it some kind of will?”
“It can serve as one, yes,” Daigo replied, causing Sae to narrow her eyes.
“‘Can serve as one’? You make it sound as though you don’t even know when it should be
opened.”
“The truth is… I don’t. Should I fail in Osaka… that is one reason to open it.” He leaned back in
his seat, staring up at the ceiling. “But there may be other situations that call for it. What’s inside

that envelope… It is as much a trump card… as it is a burden. So much so, that if we ever need its
contents… I have failed greatly.”
His cup was empty. Slowly, reluctantly, he stood up, and bowed. “I trust your judgment completely,
Niijima-san. I’m sorry to have placed this burden in your hands… But it is one only you can carry.”
He turned to Sojiro. “Your coffee is unmatched, Sojiro-san. Thank you. Truly.” He bowed politely,
then started walking towards the door.
“So that’s it, then?” Sae asked, causing him to halt in his step.
“…Hm?”
“You’re speaking as though you know for certain you won’t be back. Don’t resign yourself to that
fate.” She looked into his eyes, a dangerous look in hers. “The Tojo Clan may be ending with
you… but the yakuza aren’t going to disappear. They’ll need guidance. Only one man can be that
guidance.”
Daigo stared at her for just a moment. “…Hmph. I believe I’ve lost that right. But thank you. I’ll
keep that in mind. Then…” he held out his hand, a smile adorning his lips even as his eyes
remained sad, “…I’ll hope for the best… and may we meet again, Niijima-san.”
***
Sae flipped the envelope idly in her hand as she recounted the story. “…That was the last time I
saw Daigo Dojima,” she muttered.
“Huh? But… he’s still around,” Kasuga replied, confused. “Granted, we can’t find him, but… Wait.
Do you… know where he might be, Niijima-san?”
“I do not factually know where he is, no… and I don’t believe his current whereabouts are
relevant,” she replied. “I doubt he ever intends to show his face in Tokyo again. That being said… I
do have some ideas, yes. Inferences, really, based on other places people like to disappear. Places
where anonymity can be achieved with ease, as long as you know the right people. Sendai,
Matsuyama, Yasoinaba… All viable candidates. I believe Sendai or somewhere else in Tohoku is
where he most likely went. Perhaps a fishing village on the north coast. But without any real
evidence…”
“…He could be anywhere,” Kasuga sighed. “Right. Which means… We’re on our own. For now, at
least.”
Sae eyed the seal on the envelope. “…I had forgotten all about this for years… Until the last couple
of weeks. Makes me wonder if this is what he had in mind.”
She held it a moment longer, then shook her head and pocketed it. “No. Whatever it was is Tojo
Clan business. And the Tojo Clan is gone.”
“So then… why keep it?” Kasuga asked.
“I don’t know. Discarding something he entrusted to me feels… wrong. So, I’ve kept it, all this
time. I really should throw it away. I’m not sure I even want to know what’s inside of it anymore.”

“So… you think we might still need it,” Kasuga replied. “Deep down. But you don’t want
whatever’s inside.”
Sae nodded. “Exactly. Maybe I should just open it. Maybe it’s something stupid. …But I can’t
betray a friend’s trust like that.”
“You consider the Sixth Chairman a… friend?”
“It’s ridiculous, isn’t it?” Sae asked with a chuckle. “A yakuza and a prosecutor. But… yes. He’s
never lied to me. Never misled me. He and Kiryu-san… They’re cut from the same cloth. The most
honest yakuza I’ve ever met.” She cast a slight glance at Kasuga. “Same as you.”
Kasuga’s face lit up. He grinned. “Awwww, thanks, Sae-chan! I consider you a friend, too! A…
party member, even?”
“You have a way of making people regret being nice to you, you know that?” Sae sighed.
“Well, for what it’s worth… I don’t think it’s ridiculous at all. Your friends are who they are.”
Kasuga glanced at his phone. “Speaking of… Let me check in on Kaito-san, see if he and
Yagami’ve found their friend, or Mitsu, yet.”
He dialed Kaito’s number, then waited.
And waited.
…And waited.
Kasuga frowned. “…They’re not picking up.”
Sae’s eyes hardened. “You think they might be in trouble?”
“N-no, they got this…” Kasuga said, unsure even as he dialed again.
Back in Kamurocho, Kaito’s phone vibrated against the pavement. A shoe stomped on the phone,
shattering it.
Hiroshi Hayashi stood before Yagami, Kaito, and Sugiura, a thin smile on his face. They were
surrounded, cornered in the empty lot south of the Champion District by Bleach Japan.
Kaito’s eyes narrowed.
Higashi stood with Bleach Japan, his eyes unreadable behind his sunglasses. “Aniki…” he
muttered. “…You shouldn’t have come back.”
Kaito’s eyes narrowed even further. “…Hm.”

Chapter 132: Emerald Hill Zone
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Earlier in the night, Yagami, Kaito, and Sugiura returned to Kamurocho, once again arriving at the
Tenkaichi Street gate. “And once again, our investigation takes us to Emerald Hills,” Yagami said
dryly. “I guess it’s lucky for us that the Arakawa Family took over a lot of Matsugane's old
businesses.”
“That’s another thing that makes me wonder if pops knew more about the Dissolution than he let
on,” Kaito mused. “I mean, that can’t be a coincidence, right? AND he told us not to go after
Arakawa… Was he in on it?”
“You might be overthinking things,” Yagami sighed. “You guys against the whole Omi Alliance?
He knew that was a fight none of you were winning.”
“Man, that ain’t the point! We know the score when we swear up. That’s what the yakuza is.”
“A suicide pact?” Sugiura scoffed.
“…Yeah! Kind of!” Kaito shook his head. “Whatever. I’m gonna keep spinning my conspiracy
theories. You remember where the place is at, Tak?”
Yagami nodded. “Yeah. Shichifuku, right? Come on, let’s go see if we’re about to meet a new
friend, or kick a new ass.”
“Or both,” Sugiura added. “That’s how Inoue was.”
“Not everyone is as… ‘special’ as he is,” Kaito said, shaking his head.
“Emerald Hill Zone: Act Two,” Yagami chuckled.
“Careful, Tak. You’re soundin’ a bit like Kasuga and Haruka-chan there.”
“I’m not quite that far gone,” Yagami quipped in response.

“How do you suppose Haruka-chan is holdin’ up, anyway?” Kaito asked as they walked north.
“We’ve been gone a while.”
“Knowing her? Probably belting out karaoke with the barista at Leblanc at this point,” Yagami
replied.

“That kid’s at the center of another one of my conspiracy theories,” Kaito chuckled.
Sugiura raised an eyebrow. “Dude… what?”
“He ain’t normal! I can tell just by lookin’ at him!”
“What on earth are you going on about, Kaito-san?” Yagami groaned.
“Man, listen to him when he talks sometime. Just like… watch him while he works! He’s got a
secret or two. I can tell.”
“And the train is pulling into Nutso City,” Sugiura said. “Population? Kaito-san.”
“Now hold on, Sugiura,” Yagami said with a smirk. “Let the man present his evidence.”
Kaito frowned. “Uh… well… I don’t got any.”
Yagami frowned as well. “…Uh huh.”
“B-but it’s the way he acts, you know? Man carries himself like he’s seen shit. Hey, let me ask you
this; why do you think the Daidoji give a shit about him?”
Sugiura furrowed his brow. “…They don’t.”
“You heard Hanawa, right?” Kaito asked, reminding them of their conversation back at Yokohama
99. “He said that Yoshimura guy and his attack dog might come after ‘those kids in Tokyo’, and
Niijima told him to back off. Well, the barista fits the bill… don’t he? So I wanna know… What did
that kid do to put himself on the Daidoji Faction’s radar?”
Sugiura groaned. “Give it a rest, man…”
“Hm…” Yagami hummed. “Now that you mention it… When we first met her, Niijima DID say
her deal with the Daidoji came about because some friends of hers pissed them off… Could Ren
Amamiya have been one of them?”
“Not you too, Yagami!” Sugiura exclaimed.
“Until you receive evidence to the contrary, you can’t rule anything out,” Yagami replied with a
slight smirk. “Every good detective knows that.”
“Come on…” Sugiura sighed, hanging his head in defeat. “Fine. Whatever. So what are your
theories, Kaito?”
Kaito grinned. “I think… that kid… and a bunch of his buddies… are cat burglars. Robbed a bank,
a museum, or an underground casino, or something like that. Maybe he even boarded a yacht and
took a bunch of government money.”
Yagami frowned. “…Aaaaaand now we’re getting back into fantastical territory…”
“What’s next,” Sugiura asked. “Sae Niijima was the baron running the casino?”
Kaito halted in his step, and his eyes widened as if he had just cracked a case. “…Hey. Now we’re
onto something, here. Yeah, that’s it! That’s why she’s so comfortable around underworld guys like

us! ‘Cause she was one of them!”
“Oh yeah, for sure! Maybe there was even a talking cat involved!” Sugiura mocked.
“That’s just ridiculous,” Kaito scoffed. “Don’t be stupid.”
“So that’s the line, huh?” Yagami remarked.
“Cats don’t talk, Tak,” Kaito said seriously as the conversation came to an end. The group walked
up to Club Emerald Hills. “This is it.”
“Do we go in?” Sugiura asked. As if on cue, the elevator dinged. Yagami gestured to the other two
to step aside as the doors opened, and so the trio retreated around the corner.
A tall man with slicked back black hair, styled into a messy pompadour with long hair in the back
bordering on a mullet, stepped out of the elevator, shadowed by two other men.
One appeared to be none other than Tashiro. Ex-Matsugane Family.
Kaito smirked. “Heh. I think our lead just walked out the door…” he said in a low voice. “Guessin’
that’s Yasumura, right there. Tch. And look at Tashiro-kun, all dolled up with his tie, acting like
he’s some big businessman now… that’s so cute.”
“I’m gonna tail them, see where they go,” Yagami whispered. “You guys hang back a bit, in case
they get suspicious.”
“Get their asses, Tak,” Kaito encouraged as Yagami moved forward, maintaining a safe distance
behind Mitsuo, Tashiro, and the third man.
“You’re making the right decision, Yasumura,” Tashiro said. “The bosses want Ichiban Kasuga
arrested… But you and I know the truth. That Haruka Sawamura probably kept her collar low,
swayed him over with a little peek at what she’s workin’ with. You know what I mean? I mean, she
knows how to put on a performance. How do you think she ended up on stage all those years ago?
Probably was giving it out like candy.”
“The fuck…?” Kaito muttered into Yagami’s earpiece. “Real classy, you piece of shit.”
Mitsuo glanced at Tashiro. “Uh. By ‘giving it out’, you mean…?”
“Haha. Come on. I don’t need to say it.” Tashiro leaned in with a smirk. “Those idols man… they’ll
do anything to get signed. Anything. That ‘purity’ act is bullshit. You know that right? Bitches and
whores all the way down.”
“This motherfucker needs to shut his mouth…” Kaito growled.
Mitsuo spoke up again. “Hey, listen… I work with a lot of women at the club, you know? Could
you do me a favor and… Not do that?”
Tashiro raised an eyebrow. “Do what?”
“Be so… vulgar. You know? That’s not respectful. I thought Bleach Japan was all about bringing
the community up. I don’t see what putting women down has to do with that.”

Tashiro smirked again. “Right. Okay. Whatever you say. I’m sure you really respect those girls.
Make ‘em dress up in skimpy dresses, show off their…”
“I said knock it off.”
Tashiro held his hands up defensively. “Okay! Alright! I’ll zip it. …She is hot, though, from the
pictures I saw. Wouldn’t mind a piece of that myself.”
“You’re a gross dude, Tashiro-kun…” Kaito grumbled. “Can’t wait to whoop your ass… again.”
Yagami stepped in a puddle.
Tashiro paused. “What the fuck was that?” he said as he and Mitsuo turned around.
Nobody was behind them.
Tashiro and Mitsuo stared at the spot where Yagami was for a few moments.
“…Probably just a stray,” Mitsuo said as he and Tashiro turned back around and continued
walking.
Yagami sighed from behind the car he had quickly darted behind. He looked up to see Kaito and
Sugiura each hiding nearby as well, still keeping their distance.
With a nod, Yagami stood back up and resumed his pursuit. The three Bleach Japan men turned
south, towards Theater Square. As they passed the massive two-story GiGO arcade, Tashiro briefly
paused to look at the posters adorning the doors and windows. “Mario & Sonic at the Olympic
Games, Tokyo 2020 Edition,” he read aloud. “Wonder how much money they lost on this.”
“Tashiro-kun has an attention disorder,” Yagami remarked.
“I think he just assumes everyone’s losin’ money on stupid shit because he was always losin’
money on stupid shit,” Kaito chuckled. “We put him in charge of a laundromat once. Nearly
bankrupted the place.”
Sugiura’s voice crackled over the earpiece. “How the hell do you lose money running a
laundromat?”
“Switched the machines to card only. Said ‘tap to pay is the future’. Not for old ladies washing their
delicates it ain’t!”
Yagami chuckled at this. “Poor guy… Almost gotta feel sorry for somebody that dumb.”
“I don’t have a single solitary ‘sorry’ to give to somebody who would say that shit about Harukachan,” Kaito said, his tone darkening. “I always knew he was a shithead, but that was just a new
low. Was it always like this? Or is Yamamoto pumping impressionable idiots full of bullshit?”
“That’s what we’re here to find out, Kaito-san,” Yagami replied. “…Oh, SpikeOut is coming back
next month,” he muttered as his eyes settled on another poster. “That takes me back.”
“Tak… weren’t you just saying Tashiro’s too easily distracted?”

“I can focus on two things,” Yagami noted as he blended into the Kamurocho crowd, buying a
canned coffee from a vending machine while he waited for Tashiro to resume moving.
“You know, this whole city’s gonna be ours pretty soon,” Tashiro said. “I mean… So we can return
it to the people. Of course.”
“Just saying the quiet part out loud, now…” Yagami muttered.
“I got a few questions, though,” Mitsuo said. The trio resumed walking south. “Like… The Tojo
Clan started because of the same things. You know? We wanted to be protectors of the weak… of
outcasts from society, you know? But you know what it turned into. I mean, you were there.”
Tashiro turned to stare at him. “…And?”
“And… How exactly are we gonna keep from making the same mistakes?”
The other Bleach Japan goon chuckled. “We know better now.”
“Sure. We do. But later down the line…”
Tashiro groaned and shook his head. “You ask too many questions, you know that? Our boss is
gonna explain all of it to you in just a sec.”
“Our boss meaning… Hayashi?”
Tashiro chuckled. “Nah. The big boss.”
“Got a name,” Yagami muttered into his earpiece. “Hayashi. Ring any bells?”
“Might be Hiroshi Hayashi,” Kaito responded. “Omi Alliance Lieutenant. I never met him, but he
tried to work out deals with some Tojo Families back in the 2000s, hoping to get them on the Omi’s
good side so they could get a foothold in Kamurocho without pissing the whole neighborhood off.
Most notably… I remember him working with the Nishikiyama Family.”
“Is that important?”
“Well, not to us,” Kaito admitted. “It might be how Yamamoto knows him though. And…”
“…Kiryu-san,” Yagami realized.
“Yeah. Guy probably had nightmares about this shit for years… and now all his old skeletons are
coming back out.” Kaito paused. “I had heard Hayashi died though. Back in like 2011 or
something. Weird.”
“Well you obviously heard wrong,” Sugiura muttered.
“I dunno man, there were all kinds of rumors going around the Tojo Clan back then. A couple of
the youngsters even said they saw zombies walkin’ around Kamurocho Hills around the same time,
and they saw Goro Majima take out a bunch of them with a shotgun. Had to knock their heads
together to make sure they weren’t hollow. You’d think something like that would’ve made the
damn news. Dumb kids…”

“You know, I actually remember bumping into a guy from a, uh… ‘zombie rights group’, or
something like that around that time,” Yagami said. “Gave him like a hundred yen just so he’d stop
bothering me. Never saw him again. Wonder what happened to him?”
“He skipped town with the cash?” Kaito offered.
“…Yeah. Probably.”
Yagami followed them into the Kamuro Theater. He quickly ducked into a designated smoking area
to blend in as Tashiro turned his head slightly to look where he had been standing. Deciding he
was, again, being paranoid, Tashiro shrugged and continued through the building, exiting through
the south exit. Yagami hummed as the trio disappeared through the hall. “…Hm. I wonder…”
He exited the smoking booth and walked up to M Side Cafe, quickly stepping up the stairs and into
the open air dining area, which overlooked the front terrace of the Millennium Tower. Sure enough,
a moment later he saw the Bleach Japan trio walk up the steps towards the tower’s entrance. Once
they were inside, he hopped over the railing—much to a nearby diner’s annoyance—and landed on
the terrace, immediately walking towards the doors.
“…This isn’t a playground…” the diner muttered.
Yagami entered the lobby and immediately ducked down, dashing to a nearby railing. He looked
over it. Tashiro and the others had descended the escalator into the center of the lobby. They then
immediately turned to the quartet of elevators in the back.
Yagami pressed his finger to his earpiece. “Kaito-san, Sugiura, where’re you at?”
“Big Bang Burger, across the street from the tower. We watched you follow them in.”
“Stay there. I’m gonna get a closer look.”
“Be careful, Tak.”
Yagami hopped over the railing landing between two women who had been chatting. “Oof! ‘Scuse
me, ladies,” he muttered as he dusted himself off and walked towards the elevators.
The women watched him go. “…Would,” one of them said abruptly.
“Hinako-chan, you’re married…” her friend sighed, an exasperated look on her face.
“Separated,” Hinako corrected.
Yagami strolled swiftly but casually to the elevators. He called one and pretended to wait for it
while he looked to see which one Tashiro had gotten into.
Only one elevator was heading up; currently it was on the second floor.
His eyes narrowed on the screen over the elevator. Let’s see… 2… 3… 5… 6… He watched it move
up. Ten. Fifteen. Twenty. He raised an eyebrow. Thirty… forty… How high up are they going?
The screen stopped counting once it reached sixty.
“Bleach Japan’s office is on the top floor of the Millennium Tower,” he muttered into his earpiece.

Kaito snorted. “‘Course it is. You know, some crazy shit happened up there a couple decades ago.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah. ‘05. Bomb went off in a swanky executive lounge or something up there, sent cash from the
safe raining down over Kamurocho.”
Yagami nodded. “I think I remember that…”
“You gonna head up there?”
Yagami shook his head. “I’m not suicidal, no. Still, it’s useful information nonetheless.”
Kaito chuckled. “You know, my anikis used to tell stories about the shit that would go down in the
Millennium Tower. Legends fighting their way up to settle unfinished business. Wonder if it’s our
turn?”
“So what’s the move, Yagami?” Sugiura asked.
“Gonna wait around, see who comes out,” Yagami said as he retreated back up to street level.
A cup of coffee later, Yagami sat by the window in M Side Cafe, watching the entrance to the
Millennium Tower intently. The diner from before scowled at him. Yagami glanced at him. “…Can
I help you?”
“You’re not cool,” the diner scoffed. “You’re disruptive.”
Yagami blinked. “…What did I do to you, exactly?”
“I see you all the time,” the diner lamented, shaking his head. “You’re always jumping over shit,
knocking shit over, knocking people over, rushing through town like you’re the main character,
getting into fights that block the ENTIRE intersection. In other words: You’re a douche.”
Yagami tilted his head. “Just… ignore me?”
“Would if I could, man. Would if I could.”
Who shit in this guy’s coffee? Yagami thought to himself as he turned his attention back to the
door, just in time to watch Mitsuo exit the Millennium Tower, alone this time. He now wore a “BJ”
pin on his lapel. He looked uncomfortable. He glanced over his shoulder, as if he was expecting
pursuers, and stepped out onto the street.
Well, back to it. Yagami stood up and walked towards the exit.
“Learn from this experience!” the diner called out to him as he left.
“Kaito-san, you still at Big Bang Burger?”
“Mm, yeah, m’here Tak,” Kaito replied, lisping slightly. His lips smacked. “Mm.”
“…Are you eating?” Yagami asked.
“Got hungry.”

“I’m tailing Yasumura again. He’s alone.”
“Sugiura and I’ll be right behind you… Hey, can I get a to-go box over here?”
***
Yagami tailed Mitsuo back north, to Children’s Park, where, to his surprise, Higashi sat on a bench.
Looks like we’re getting answers here, one way or another. He hid behind a large sign advertising
the upcoming return of the Pocket Circuit Stadium, set to open in the building behind him
sometime in 2023.
“So… You met with Yamamoto,” Higashi said, his voice low.
“Yeah,” Mitsuo replied.
“That mean you said yes? You’re one of us now?”
Mitsuo nodded. “Yup.”
Yagami narrowed his eyes.
“…How’d you know they’d come find me?” Mitsuo asked.
Yagami’s eyes widened slightly. “Higashi and Yasumura… met before this?” he whispered under
his breath.
“Same reason they came to me,” Higashi said with a sigh. “I know Masaharu Kaito. You know
Ichiban Kasuga. Yamamoto wants both of their heads on a pike.”
Mitsuo leaned forward, staring at the ground. “…They said I could protect Ichi if I joined up.”
“They told me the same thing,” Higashi said, shaking his head. “Curious to know… if you think
they’re telling the truth. Thing is… They told me all I had to do to keep Kaito-aniki safe… was to
turn over Haruka Sawamura to them.”
Mitsuo glanced at him. Only slightly. “…Do you plan to?”
Yagami peeked out from behind the sign.
Higashi didn’t answer. Instead, he asked “Would you? To protect Kasuga?”
Mitsuo frowned, and looked back down at the floor. “Hm… You know…” His eyes drifted upward.
And locked with Yagami’s.
“…Shit,” Mitsuo muttered, his eyes widening.
“What?” Higashi asked.
“I was followed. That guy.”
Yagami quickly ducked back behind the sign. “Damn it…” he muttered.
Higashi didn’t see him.

But only one person would be following them.
“…Yagami,” Higashi exhaled as he stood up. “We need to go. Now.”
Clenching his fists, Yagami stepped out from behind the sign. “Not so fast.”
“Fuck!” Higashi growled as he sprinted out of the park, heading east down Shichifuku.
“U-uh! Wait for me!” Mitsuo called out as he followed. Yagami followed close behind.
“Nice goin’ Tak!” Kaito growled, stepping out from behind a nearby car and giving chase, along
with Sugiura. “Usually it’s me blowin’ cover!”
“You can gloat later!” Yagami called back. “Higashi! Get back here!”
The chase was on.

Chapter End Notes

You would think that the sixth most-popular character in the franchise, according to SEGA's
own poll would have a higher quality transparent render out there on the internet somewhere,
but lo and behold, Sugiura does not.
Oh well. It's still marginally less annoying than Sae is going to be when she shows up in a
Party Chat...
Would you believe that I actually physically routed both the tailing section and next chapter's
chase in-game so I could reference it while writing? ...Twice! I did it initially in Yakuza
Kiwami 3 because that's what I last had installed, then I remembered that Kamurocho's road
layout differs slightly in that one compared to most of the other ones because it lacks Little
Asia, so I had to do it again in Yakuza 7 just to make sure the route still made sense, which
itself was kind of annoying because Ichiban runs SO SLOW in that game compared to Kiryu
and Yagami in the later games, or at least it feels like it. Luckily the cabaret club I used as a
reference point two chapters ago, Emerald Hills, is in the same spot in both versions of the
city... A lot of businesses aren't.
I'm trying to get better about making sure this stuff makes sense in physical space. I went back
and read some of the Okinawa section and the geography of those chapters is TERRIBLE. No
more!

Chapter 133: Good L_ck (Yo_'re F_cked)
The chase was on.
Higashi and Mitsuo sprinted away from Yagami as fast as they could, which, to their credit, was
just barely fast enough; he was about matching their pace but not gaining on them.
They ran around a civilian. Yagami jumped over her head as she ducked. “We need to talk,
Higashi!”
“Go back to Yokohama, Yagami!” Higashi called back at him. He grabbed a nearby piece of litter
—a crushed soda can—and chucked it at the detective’s head as hard as he could.
Yagami ducked quickly, dodging it, then sidestepped a group of civilians. “Hold it! I just want to
talk!”
“Nothing to talk about! You shouldn’t be here!”
“I live here, you ass!” Yagami hopped a railing as the pursuit moved south, into Theater Square,
and then east, into the Kamuro Theater. “Come on, you know I hate chasing perps! I don’t even get
paid for this part!”
“Then stop!”
“Well, I walked into that one…” Yagami grumbled.
“C-come on, can’t we talk about this?!” Mitsuo asked.
“I’m trying!” Yagami yelled back. “Stop running and we can have a little chat!”
They whizzed past the coin lockers as they exited the theater. Higashi and Mitsuo moved west, then
north onto East Millennium Tower Street. Yagami tripped over a piece of trash as he passed
Bantam, causing him to stumble and fall behind a bit. “Shit…”
He looked up.
They were gone, having turned a corner once they got back onto Shichifuku. “Dammit… Right!”
He quickly guessed that they had gone east, turned that corner, and sure enough they were running
east.
A car honked at Yagami as he ran down the center of the road. He quickly hopped up, stepped
lightly on the car’s hood, then darted across its roof, sliding down onto the boot and landing on the
road again. Should probably teach Haruka-chan how to do that, he thought to himself. I hear she
has a bad history with cars.
“Hey, isn’t that Yagami?” a suited man with a Bleach Japan pin said as he watched the detective
run down the street.
“Get back here, asshole!” another yelled, giving chase.

Both men were quickly stopped by Kaito and Sugiura; Kaito ran over, yelled, and dropkicked one,
while Sugiura body slammed the other into the wall. Once they were out cold, they continued
following Yagami, who continued to follow Higashi and Mitsuo.
The chase moved south into Little Asia, which was set to reopen officially the next day; Higashi
and Mitsuo hopped over a set of construction barriers preventing entry, annoying a group of
construction workers and prefectural inspectors. “Hey, you can’t be here!” the foreman called out.
His eyes widened as he turned and watched Yagami do the exact same thing, followed by Kaito and
Sugiura. “What the FUCK?!” he exclaimed angrily as the group ran through the central plaza.
“Looks good!” Yagami called behind him even as he refused to slow down. “You guys deserve a
round of applause!”
“Hope the grand openin’ goes well!” Kaito added.
The chase proceeded south onto East Taihei Boulevard. Higashi and Mitsuo turned east, then north
at Shangri-La, where Yagami noticed more construction workers sizing up the building, pointing at
structural damage, taking notes; he’d guessed it was part of the governor’s broader Kamurocho
revival project, considering it was the oldest building in the city by a wide margin and it had been
in a state of disrepair since some maniac drove a garbage truck into it nearly two decades prior.
Higashi and Mitsuo turned into the Champion District, allowing Mitsuo to catch his breath slightly
as the chase slowed down while they attempted to lose Yagami in the narrow alleyways. “Hah…
hah… Fuck, this guy won’t give up!”
“Split up,” Higashi ordered. He turned left. Mitsuo turned right.
Yagami decided to follow the weakest link, while Kaito and Sugiura remained at the western
entrance to block anyone from looping back around.
Mitsuo looked over his shoulder and realized Yagami was following him, not Higashi. “Oh, come
on…”
Mitsuo ducked left into an alley, then ducked left again onto the pathway, ran to the end of the road,
turned left again to try and leave out the west.
Kaito leaned against the wall near the western alley, grinning. “‘Sup,” he greeted.
“Fuck!” Mitsuo exclaimed as he turned left again, having now made a full circle; Yagami waited
for him. “Shit! Agh!”
“Has Higashi come this way?” Yagami asked.
Kaito shook his head. “Nah.”
“Then he’s heading south.” Yagami pointed at Mitsuo. “We’re not done with you, Yasumura.”
“Gah, what do you want with me? I’m a small fry, I promise. I’m not important to anybody!”
Yagami shook his head. “You’re important to Ichiban Kasuga, so you’re important to our case.”
“H-huh?! You know where aniki is?”

Yagami held a hand up. “Later. Stay put. Don’t make me chase you again; we know where to find
you if you run again.” He turned and ran south, towards where Higashi had to have gone. Rather
than fully run through the alleyway back onto East Taihei, though, he poked his head into the
empty lot south of the Champion District; and sure enough, Higashi was leaning against a wall,
catching his breath.
Yagami slowed his step, put his hands in his pockets, and turned into the lot. “You done running?”
he asked. “Because I’d rather not keep chasing.”
Higashi exhaled slowly, but didn’t look up. “…Yagami.”
“Only question is… why did you run?” Yagami asked.
Higashi laughed bitterly. “You know why I ran. You know how this looks.”
Yagami nodded and looked around the empty lot. “The situation, you mean? Yeah. Looks pretty
bad.”
“Really fuckin’ bad,” Kaito chuckled as he and Sugiura walked into the lot behind Yagami. “See…
it looks like you flipped on us.”
Higashi’s eyes were unreadable behind his shades. Kaito narrowed his.
“…But… if you had… You wouldn’t have run,” he continued. “You’d have called for backup. So
what’s really goin’ on here?”
“Who says I didn’t call for backup?”
Kaito grinned and gestured broadly around the empty lot. “…Where are they? Heh. Look, if
there’s…” he trailed off as he felt a vibration in his pocket. He closed his eyes in frustration. “Bad
fuckin’ timing…” he muttered as he pulled his phone out.
More footsteps behind them. Kaito froze, then slowly looked up at Higashi as several Bleach Japan
men entered the lot. “Heh. Spoke too soon…” he muttered as a tall, lanky man confiscated the stillvibrating phone and threw it onto the ground.
The trio found themselves surrounded by Bleach Japan, including a nervous-looking Mitsuo, who
walked over to stand near Higashi. Kaito’s phone vibrated against the pavement. A shoe stomped
on the phone, shattering it.
Hiroshi Hayashi stood before them, a thin smile on his face.
Kaito’s eyes narrowed.
Higashi slowly looked up at him. “Aniki…” he muttered. “…You shouldn’t have come back.”
Kaito’s eyes narrowed even further. “…Hm.”
Hayashi turned to Higashi, his smile neither growing nor faltering. “Good work, Higashi-han. You
made my job a whole lot easier.”
“Hayashi-san, I presume?” Yagami asked. “Omi Alliance.”

“Bleach Japan,” Hayashi corrected. “The Omi Alliance is dead.”
“So you say, and yet… has anything really changed?”
“And you’re… Yagami, correct?” Hayashi gathered. He glanced at Sugiura. “Fumiya Sugiura. Ooh
—sorry. Fumiya Terasawa. Real shame about what happened to your sister… I see it’s driven you
to make poor life choices. Many such cases.”
“Say that again, you motherfuck—!” Sugiura challenged as he stepped forward; Yagami raised a
hand to keep him at bay.
“You guys can talk tough all you want,” Yagami said calmly. “But I’m a lawyer, and you aren’t
cops. You don’t have the authority to detain us.”
“Oh, no authority?” Hayashi mocked. “We had forgotten all about that. Darn.”
“You know…” Kaito began, “…I don’t believe that you called these assholes, Higashi.” He looked
past Hayashi, at Higashi. “I think this is just a bit of bad luck.”
Higashi did not answer. He just… looked away. “…Does it matter?”
This caused Kaito to grin. “Heh. Guess not. ‘Cause it doesn’t really change what I’m gonna do
next.”
Hayashi tilted his head. “And what might that be, Masaharu Kaito, murderer of Hachiro Sano and
co-chairman of the Shin Tojo Alliance?”
“Kick your ass, first.”
“Uh huh.”
“Then I’m gonna kick all their asses,” Kaito added, gesturing to the numerous Bleach Japan goons
surrounding him.
“Yeah?”
“And then… I’m gonna drag my bro back to the good side,” he said, leaning in with a grin.
“Kicking and screaming, if I have to.”
“…Flawless plan,” Hayashi remarked dryly. “Tell you what. Why don’t you cooperate and hand
over Haruka Sawamura and Ichiban Kasuga? You might get a lighter sentence.”
Mitsuo’s eyes widened slightly. “Huh? But, you said…”
“You expect us to do that?” Yagami asked.
Hayashi chuckled and shook his head. “No, I suppose I don’t. But I don’t want to have to get my
hands dirty if I don’t have to. It’s a bad look, you see.”
Kaito stepped forward. “You talk a lot of shit… but can ya back it up, asshole?”
Hayashi glared at him. “…What?”

“I think you’ll find we don’t die so easily,” Yagami said with a smirk. “Believe me, assholes
tougher than you have been trying for years.”
“I dunno Tak… you really think this guy’s beneath a deluded Alzheimer’s researcher and an
egotistical school teacher?” Kaito taunted.
“Oh, I know so,” Yagami replied.
Hayashi laughed and pinched his nose bridge. “Hahahaha… this is the Takayuki Yagami I
expected. I guess there’s no other choice.” He took a step back, allowing the Bleach Japan goons to
close in… then shoved Higashi and Mitsuo into the ring with them.
“Huh?!” Mitsuo exclaimed.
“What?” Higashi asked.
Hayashi simply smiled at them. “…Prove your loyalty.”
Higashi stared at him for a moment, then clenched his fists and stared straight at Kaito. “…Aniki…
last chance. Just… give up, or run home.”
Kaito smirked and lowered into his Bruiser stance. “I get it. You still gotta play your role. Well
sorry, Higashi… But you know how I fight. So even if you’re workin’ some kinda angle, and just
can’t say it in front of this prick… I gotta play my part, too. So I’m whoopin’ your ass all the same.
You understand.”
Higashi simply nodded once. “Yeah.”
“Quit talking already,” Hayashi groaned. He pointed dramatically at Yagami, Kaito, and Sugiura.
“GO! Kill these arrogant motherfuckers!”

Chapter 134: Chivalry in Treachery
Chapter Notes

Apologies for the long wait. Been a very hectic month for me you see. The next couple of
updates will be quicker but I'm anticipating another break in August.

The group was surrounded by Bleach Japan, Higashi and Mitsuo among them.
Yagami narrowed his eyes.
Kaito looked up.
Higashi looked away. “Aniki…” he muttered, before pulling a tanto out of his jacket and
unsheathing it. “Why won’t you stay out of this?!” He slashed at Kaito, who stepped back, smirked,
threw a punch, whiffed, then drove a knee up to block a kick.
“Sorry, man… You know I’m a nosy bitch,” Kaito retorted with a grin. “But hey… that slash was
kinda weak, for you. Wonder why that is?” He and Yagami both threw a kick at Higashi from either
side; Mitsuo quickly dove in and grabbed Yagami’s leg, while Higashi blocked Kaito’s kick with
his knee.

Both sides took a step back from each other and recalculated the situation. “Hope you don’t mind
me taking point here, Tak,” Kaito growled. “I dunno if any of this is real or not… So we either
gotta beat a traitor’s ass, or teach somebody a lesson in communication’ a little better.”
He glared at Hayashi, who leaned against the wall in the back of the lot. “And don’t look so smug
back there! You’re next!”
Hayashi scoffed. “I’m sure.”
Kaito took the lead on the fight. With a feral yell, he switched into his Tank stance, annoyed by the
lack of space he was given by the Bleach Japan goons. With a wide right hook, a wide left hook,
and a left back fist into a right overhead spike, he quickly cleared space, sending several goons
flying backwards and bouncing one unlucky soul off the pavement; he quickly switched into his
Bruiser stance and threw a combo at him, juggling him in the air with a right hook, a left hook, and
a right uppercut, finishing with a left kick which sent the bastard flying backwards; he slammed
into the brick wall and hit the ground, unconscious.

“Somebody’s not playing around,” Sugiura said with a smirk.
“Heh. This is me goin’ easy,” Kaito said darkly. “Now let’s kick some ass!”
And kick some ass they did. Kaito leapt into a dropkick and knocked a goon over; Yagami
launched another in the air with an upwards kick, setting up Sugiura for a roundhouse kick which
sent him flying; Kaito caught him by the back with a clenched fist, bending the man’s spine at an
angle that made him wonder if he had a spine at all.
He supposed none of them did, really.
That man was done. Kaito made sure of it by stomping on his face after he hit the ground,
loosening some teeth and knocking him out.
Yagami turned to a couple of other goons, who, apparently, had been out drinking before getting
called here, and in fact still were; both were drunk, and each held a bottle of champagne in their
right hand, still dancing drunkenly to a tune that existed only in their heads, dabbing while
balancing on one foot, then hopping onto the other foot and winding up a clenched fist.
They then both grinned stupidly and surrounded Yagami, swaying drunkenly as they did so. One
swung a bottle at him; Yagami jumped up in the air, dodging, and grabbed one man by the collar
and threw him into the other’s punch, knocking him out as he landed stylishly on the floor.
He then turned sharply, axe kicked the other party fouler, and spiked him off the floor; he jumped
into the air again, twisted, and drove a foot down into his gut, sending him slamming back into the
pavement and cracking it.
Sugiura taunted a nearby goon wielding a knife. “Come and get me, asshole.” Enraged, the man
charged him and slashed; Sugiura sidestepped, grabbed his arm, and twisted, sending him to the
floor. He quickly backed off as Yagami ran at him, slid down onto his knees, and let the momentum
drive his knee into the poor bastard’s face, knocking him out.
Yagami stood up, and he and Sugiura turned to the only two combatants remaining; Higashi and
Mitsuo.
“Man, fuck my life…” Mitsuo muttered as he clenched his fists and stanced up.
Higashi narrowed his eyes, quickly glanced back at Hayashi, then sighed. “Damn it…” he growled.
He turned to Kaito, thrusted his tanto forward. It was sloppy. Slow. Telegraphed.
Not like him at all.
Kaito sidestepped it with ease. “Come on man, really? You’re insulting me here.”
Higashi clenched his teeth. “You want a real fight, aniki? Fine.” He tossed his tanto aside and
adopted a Muay Thai stance. “Come at me, then.”
Mitsuo yelled out and ran at Kaito with a wild haymaker that he knew full well would not work.
Kaito merely hit him with a counter hook to his gut, causing him to double over. “Stay outta this,
buddy. I’ll get to you in a second.”
Mitsuo stepped back, still bent over, holding his gut in pain, and nodded. “Uh huh...”

Hayashi rolled his eyes. “Pathetic.”
Kaito turned his attention back to Higashi. To his brother. A brother that, the longer and longer this
fight went on, he was certain couldn’t have betrayed him. But whatever this was, they were both in
it too deep to quit. He took a deep breath… and then smirked, as he drew his right fist up to his
chin, leaving his left at his waist. “Alright… no interruptions. Let’s do this… HIGASHI!”

Higashi moved first, attacking with a flying knee strike, which Kaito quickly evaded and shut down
with a weaving jab, which caused Higashi to stumble. He followed this up with a combination of
punches and kicks, ending in a heavy wheel kick which spiked his brother off the ground. He dived
backwards as Higashi briefly found himself airborne, before landing painfully on the pavement.
“Aniki…” Higashi growled as he quickly righted himself and stood back up. He attacked Kaito
with a right roundhouse kick, inverted for a follow up, and then straightened out and hit him again
with the same leg. Kaito blocked the first two of these; the final hit broke his guard, and Higashi
took advantage with a right cross and a left roundhouse kick, which knocked Kaito down—not an
easy feat.
Kaito gritted his teeth and pivoted on his hand to stand back up. “You’ve never knocked me down
before,” he said with a cocky grin as he threw a punch, which Higashi dodged. Higashi retaliated
with another kick as Kaito continued, “You really aren’t holding back. Heh. Good shit.”
Not that it mattered; Kaito was still the stronger of the two, by a wide, wide margin. He drove a
forceful push kick into Higashi’s gut, sending him skidding backwards, then jumped into the air
and struck with a downwards haymaker, again spiking the man off the floor. This time he refused to
let gravity do all of the work; he grabbed Higashi’s ankle and, with a grin, slammed him, hard, onto
the pavement.
Higashi wiped blood from his lip and rolled onto his back, then launched himself feet-first, hitting
Kaito on the way up. “Ow! You got some new tricks, huh?!” Kaito growled.
“You just haven’t seen all of my old ones, Aniki,” Higashi said with a smirk as he landed on his
feet. He quickly grabbed Kaito’s wrists and body slammed him, then delivered a right hook into his
chest. “…Yagami’s seen that one, though.”
Yagami smirked as he stomped on the face of a Bleach Japan goon who was ready to get back up.
“A couple of times, yeah. Hey, how come I’m always the one fighting you, anyway?”
“You’re nosier,” Higashi quipped as he smacked Kaito across the face with a right roundhouse.

“Are we fighting, or having a conversation?” Hayashi growled. “Finish it! This isn’t a reunion!”
“I understand manners are hard to come by out in Osaka,” Higashi said as he dodged a hook from
Kaito. “But we got ‘em here in civilization.”
“Excuse me…?”
Kaito grinned. “Hah! You can extract all the loyalty out of these guys that you want. It ain’t gonna
stop a Tokyo yakuza from mouthing off to a Kansai bumpkin.” He said this even as he threw
another kick Higashi’s way.
Hayashi growled. “Why are you two talking like you’re best friends?”
Kaito raised an eyebrow. “…’Cause we are.”
Higashi glanced away. “Aniki…”
“Nah, it’s true. Ain’t like this is the first time we ended up on opposite sides of some corrupt
bullshit. Still ended up sharin’ a beer after.”
Hayashi chuckled. “Sorry to tell you, Kaito… but there is no ‘after’ for you. You have two choices.
Surrender, or… Well. We might have a very unfortunate accident in here.”
Mitsuo clenched his fists. “That ain’t what you told us, though.”
Hayashi frowned. “I beg your pardon?”
“You told both of us… that Ichiban Kasuga and Masaharu Kaito were just bait. That the real target
was Haruka Sawamura, and the others would be free to go once we had her.” He glared up at
Hayashi. “Was that a lie?”
Hayashi looked confused for a moment, but recovered quickly and smiled thinly. “Ah… no. But in
this business, you have to apply a little pressure to get what you want. We wouldn’t want our bait
thinking they can jerk us around… would we?”
Kaito scoffed. “You’re a real asshat, you know that? And a terrible liar. I bet nobody here believes
your bullshit. I bet they never did.”
Hayashi turned his head sharply to Kaito. “Shut up. We’d rather this not turn ugly, but you are
testing our last nerve.” He glanced at Higashi. “So what are you waiting for? Finish it.”
Higashi sighed. “Aniki… why did you have to get involved.”
“‘Cause you’re in trouble,” Kaito said softly. “That’s the only reason I need.”
Higashi clenched his fists. “I don’t need your help. In fact… you’re only causing more problems.”
Kaito smirked. “Throw a punch, then. It’s what your boss wants.”
Higashi shook his head and looked at the ground. “You… really need to learn when to quit!” He
suddenly ran at Kaito, readying a deadly attack; Kaito could almost feel his aura as he threw a right
cartwheel kick. Kaito countered with his mortal reversal, a rugby tackle, and punched Higashi in
the face while he was down, ending the fight.

He breathed heavily as he looked down at his friend, his junior, his brother, who grimaced in pain,
his nose bleeding. “…It’s funny…” Higashi growled. “You’ve knocked me flat on my ass a dozen
times… somehow I’m never ready for it.”
Kaito grinned. “Heh. That you are not.” He clenched his teeth and stood up, with some effort.
“Agh… you’ve gotten stronger, though. Maybe in a couple of years, you’ll be able to knock me out
of the ring.” He chuckled, then glanced up at Hayashi. He frowned.
A gun was now leveled at his chest. Hayashi’s thin smile didn’t waver. “Losing that fight would
have been better for you,” he sneered. “You’re coming with us.” He glanced at Yagami and
Sugiura, who glared at him. “All three of you.”

Chapter 135: Kunisadachūji no Mezame
A gun was now leveled at Kaito’s chest. Hayashi’s thin smile didn’t waver. “Losing that fight
would have been better for you,” he sneered. “You’re coming with us.” He glanced at Yagami and
Sugiura, who glared at him. “All three of you.”
“Blow me,” Kaito spat.
Higashi’s eyes widened. “Kaito…!”
Hayashi simply rolled his eyes. “You know something? Yamamoto wants you alive. But I don’t
think he’ll weep for your death, either. It sure is a shame, that rather than come peacefully… this
violent yakuza decided to try and kill me.”
Kaito’s brow furrowed in confusion. “What the fuck are you talking about?”
Hayashi nodded to somebody behind Kaito, who leveled his own gun. He pulled the trigger, aiming
just slightly to Hayashi’s right; the bullet flattened uselessly against the brick wall, just as Hayashi
squeezed his own trigger.
Higashi’s eyes widened further. “Aniki!” He quickly stood up and ran in front of Kaito just as a
bullet exploded from the muzzle of Hayashi’s gun.
The bullet embedded itself in Higashi’s back, right behind his shoulder blade.
Kaito’s eyes widened. “Higashi!”
Mitsuo glared at Hayashi. “You son of a—!”
Hayashi simply turned his gun and shot Mitsuo in the right knee. Blood sprayed from it and he
stumbled as his leg crumpled. “Agh!” Mitsuo growled. “Fucking… prick…!”
Higashi gritted his teeth and collapsed against Kaito. “Agh… Sorry… Aniki… I was trying to keep
you out of this… I guess it’s a bit late for that now, huh?”
Kaito shook his head as Yagami and Sugiura moved to cover them. “Hey, don’t talk man. We’re
gonna get you out of here and to a doctor.”
Both Hayashi and the man behind Kaito leveled their guns at the quartet. “I knew you weren’t
loyal,” Hayashi growled. “You four want to die together? Fine. You wouldn’t be the first associates
of the yakuza to go missing. You wanna know the tragic part? After everything you went through…
the media won’t give a single solitary shit. Bleach Japan… it’s the only thing giving guys like us
purpose anymore! You’re all relics of a forgotten age… And the world will forget you
appropriately.”
His smile returned. “Goodbye.” He moved to squeeze the trigger once more, but hesitated when he
heard the man behind the quartet drop his gun. “Huh? What’s the problem?”
Suddenly, Haruka Sawamura and Ichiban Kasuga jumped over Kaito’s towering frame, each with
one leg extended outwards, and kicked Hayashi’s chest, sending him backwards into the brick and

causing him to drop the gun, which clattered uselessly against the floor. “Fuck!” Hayashi spat.
They both landed on their feet and glared at Hayashi. “Looks like we showed up just in time,”
Kasuga said in a low voice. “Everyone okay?”
“Higashi’s shot,” Yagami said.
Shun Akiyama and Sae Niijima entered the alley, stepping over the unconscious body of the Bleach
Japan goon that Haruka and Kasuga knocked out on their way in. Sae confiscated his gun. “Sloppy
frame job,” she chuckled as she glanced at the bullet embedded in the wall near Hayashi.
“Ballistics would’ve had a field day with this.”
Turning serious, she turned to the others. “Move. Let me see.” Yagami and Sugiura nodded and
stepped aside, allowing her to examine the wound. “Not bleeding too bad… Looks like it missed
anything vital. But we need to get him to a doctor, ASAP.” She eyed Mitsuo. “This gentleman over
here needs medical attention too. He’s bleeding a lot.”
Mitsuo gritted his teeth through the pain. “Tch… I’ll be fine…” He looked up at Kasuga. “Aniki…
you need to get out of here! Th-this whole thing’s a trap!”
Kasuga stared at him and just… smiled. “Yagami-san, Kaito, Sugiura… get Higashi and Mitsu to
the clinic. Haruka-chan and I’ll deal with the rest.”
Sugiura nodded and pulled Mitsuo up by his arm, slinging it over his shoulder so as to alleviate
pressure from his bad leg. “Come on, let’s go.”
Yagami, Kaito, and Sugiura quickly moved Higashi and Mitsuo out of the empty lot—Kaito head
butting a Bleach Japan goon who tried to stop them on the way out—and disappeared around the
corner. Now, it was just Haruka, Kasuga, Sae, and Akiyama standing together, surrounded by
Bleach Japan.
Hayashi gritted his teeth and stood up, clutching his chest. “Tch… no matter. The boss will accept
two heads over one. You made a big mistake coming here, Ichiban Kasuga, and…” His eyes darted
to Haruka. “Heh. Haruka Sawamura, in the flesh. You remember me, right? Probably not. You were
so little back then.”
“I remember a delusional jackass, who thought he was stronger than he was,” she scoffed in
response, her glare hardening. “Your name escapes me, though. People like you were a dime a
dozen back then.”
“Hiroshi Hayashi, you smug bitch!” he spat. “And don’t you go forgetting it…” His eyes met hers.
They were cold.
Hard.
Almost… annoyed.
As if this were beneath her.
He smirked. “Heh… He used to look at me exactly the same way… The apple doesn’t fall far.”
“Deja vu, I suppose,” Haruka said with a shrug. “It’ll end the same way, too.”

“With you in the ground?” Hayashi taunted.
Haruka didn’t react. She had no reason to. “With you humiliated,” she replied a moment later.
Kasuga scratched the back of his head. “Damn… You’re kinda scary sometimes, you know that,
Haruka-chan?”
Sae looked around at the empty lot. Goons surrounded them. The frame job. Two guns had been
fired. She clenched her jaw. “…You attempted to murder a civilian.”
“I was defending myself from a dangerous yakuza, who tried to assassinate me!” Hayashi retorted.
“You tried to make it seem as though he was armed… So the public wouldn’t think twice about
praising you as a hero after you murdered him.” She clenched her fists. “As much as I know that
wouldn’t have held up in court… It wouldn’t have mattered. The public would have been on your
side. Judges would have been pressured. You’d have gotten off scot-free. If we hadn’t shown up…”
She gritted her teeth. “Your ploy to manipulate the narrative… would have worked. That pisses me
off most of all.”
She looked around again. “You’re all under arrest, for unlawful detention, and attempted murder.”
Hayashi chuckled. “Hehehe… Are we now? And how exactly do you plan to carry out that arrest?”
Sae looked away. “I…”
Kasuga sighed. “Sorry to say, Niijima-san… the law ain’t on our side.”
“If the law means nothing here… what am I supposed to do?!” She glared at Hayashi. “I can’t just
do nothing! I have to… agh!”
Her heart pounded in her ears, and she clutched her head. Kasuga’s eyes widened. “N-Niijimasan?!”
Sae shook her head. “Just a headache… nothing more… Ngh…”
Suddenly…
A voice rang out in her head.
It sounded like her own.
Almost.
The system that you’ve devoted your life to… has forsaken you.
The chessboard you laid out… has been tossed from the table.
The pieces are a mess on the floor.
How many times have you watched the guilty walk free?
How many times have you watched your world… destroy the innocent?
The law is not justice, and justice is not law. So, left with no other options… will you do nothing?

Or…
Will you gamble with your fate?
Sae gritted her teeth. Suddenly… the headache subsided. Her pained expression faded. Her hand
fell from her face, slowly.
Take up your sword… and rebel!
“The law… is useless here,” she muttered. “But… We can’t give up. If the laws are unjust… We’ll
just have to take matters into our own hands.”
She clenched her fists and took up an aikido stance. “Sawamura, Kasuga… Will you allow me to
fight by your side? Properly? I think it’s clear that these individuals only respond to one kind of
power.”
Kasuga’s confused look gave way to a grin. “Heh. Sorry to say, Sae-chan… But you’ve been a
member of this party from day one.” He slung his bat over his shoulder. “As long as you’ve got no
regrets, and a desire to fight for what’s right… You’re a hero in my book.”
Sae smirked. “Heh. Me? A hero? No. With everything I've done, when it comes time to write about
this era of Japanese politics… history will write me off as one of the villains. But that’s okay.
Because… Even a villain has to believe in something. And I’ll fight for what I believe in… no
matter what!”
Haruka smiled as she assumed a battle stance as well, as did Akiyama. She knew they’d win.
Sae Niijima had joined the party.
Akiyama glanced around at the goons surrounding them, and then at Hayashi. “Alright, everyone…
If none of you have any objections… Pick an ass to kick!”

Chapter 136: Will Power Itself
Chapter Notes

https://youtu.be/_BNXe3QSLfM

The air shifted. The party’s vision twisted. The enemies before them transformed in bright flashes
of light.

After the transformation, Hayashi dual wielded metal pipes and stood at the head of his party. To
his left were two men, and to his right were two more. One held a gun, tilted sideways and pointed
directly at the party. The two drunkards got back up from their beatings by Kaito and Yagami, their
limber bodies recovering quickly as they once again danced their hearts out. The final enemy held a
pair of scissors in each hand, ready to cut out somebody’s heart.
“You gonna be okay, Niijima-san?” Kasuga asked. “These guys don’t look like pushovers.
“Have I ever told you about the time I had to deal with a purse snatcher?” Sae asked with a tilt of
her head. “I kicked him so hard I broke the heel on my shoe. He was nothing more than a common
thug. That’s all these men are, too. I believe you would call them… ‘Slimes’?”
Kasuga grinned and let out a hearty laugh. “Hahaaa~! You get it!”
“I have Futaba Sakura to blame for that, I think…”
“Focus, everyone,” Akiyama interrupted. “These are still dangerous guys we’re dealing with.
Haruka-chan, you should get out of here.”
Haruka shook her head. “They tried to hurt my friend. They did hurt my friend. I’m not letting
them get away with that. What kind of a hero runs from danger?”
“A smart one…”

Sae Niijima was up first. Up until now, she had acted defensively. Her job as a Prosecutor,
however, demanded she go on the offense, although she wasn’t certain this specific scenario was in
the job description. Her basic fighting style consisted of moves adapted from aikido and judo, and
was not totally unlike Takayuki Yagami’s Snake style; their stances were even similar.
Where the two approaches differed was in Sae’s ability to negotiate with her opponent, often
ruthlessly. She demonstrated by pointing at one of the drunkards and using one of her signature
skills, Plea Bargain. “We’re prepared to offer leniency. Care to make a deal?”
The enemy thought about this, and then nodded; he agreed to skip his turn. This buffed his defense
temporarily, but it was one less attacker the party had to deal with.
Akiyama followed this up by reaching into his jacket pocket. “Is this what you’re looking for?” he
asked as he made it rain, showering the battlefield with cash. This cost the party ¥10,000, but
charmed the other drunkard, who blushed, leaned forward, and stared at Akiyama with a dreamy
look in his eyes. “Huh…? Kill my friends…? Hehe… alright, anything for you.”
That was that guy out of the way.
Haruka’s turn was up next. She boldly attacked Hayashi with a right mid kick and a launching left
split kick into a leaping dropkick, which sent him flying into the brick wall behind him, while
Kasuga approached him and slammed his bat down on his face while he was down, scoring a
critical hit.
Hayashi groaned and quickly stood up. “I’ve always wanted to kill a dragon,” he said as he pointed
a pipe at Haruka. “I’ve also wanted to kill you since you and Kazuma Kiryu humiliated me in Ares
all those years ago. Two birds; one stone.”
“Daaaamn, even our enemies agree you’re like a dragon, Haruka-chan!” Kasuga said with a smirk.
“Don’t read into it,” Hayashi growled. “You’re all nuisances to me. Nothing more.” He attacked,
wielding his pipes like kali sticks and striking Haruka several times, before bringing one pipe down
over her head, spiking her off the ground.
“That hurt…” Haruka muttered as she rolled back into her stance.
“So I suppose every fight involves somebody becoming airborne at some point?” Sae quipped.
“Not… every fight,” Kasuga replied.
The drunkard that Sae made a deal with skipped his turn, as per the terms of the plea agreement.
The gun-toting enemy dived backwards into a crouch and shot Akiyama; fortunately, he wore a
piece of armor that negated piercing damage from things such as bullets.
It was a wad of cash in his front pocket, so thick it could stop projectiles.
Sae mentally took note of this; the laws of physics themselves seemed to bend around people
associated with Ichiban Kasuga and Haruka Sawamura.
At that moment, the charmed enemy turned to his comrade and glared. “DON’T TOUCH HIM!” he
yelled as he shook his bottle and popped it open, spraying champagne all over the gun-toting
enemy, soaking him.

Finally, the scissors enemy approached Haruka, attacked—snip, snip—and caused her to bleed.
“That’s bad…” she groaned as she held the wound.
Sae’s next turn came around. “Discovery is going to be a pain,” she quipped. She turned to the guntoting enemy—clearly one of the bigger threats in the empty lot—and gestured to him. “Come on,
then.”
The enemy took the bait, ran at her, and tried to punch; she sidestepped the punch, grabbed his arm,
and judo flipped him over her shoulder. “This is… technically still self defense.”
Akiyama delivered several painful kicks to the scissors enemy, who probably was a slightly bigger
—at least creepier—threat than the gun-toting enemy. He finished with a sharp kick to the man’s
face, sending him sprawling across the floor.
The charmed drunkard followed this up with a painful stomp to his ally’s face.
Haruka stumbled, still bleeding. “I don’t feel so good…” She reached into her pockets, pulled out a
cleansing herbal tea that Kashiwagi had brewed for her, and drank it in a very well-mannered
posture, smiling as all of her status effects healed... somehow. “Refreshing!”
That was her turn. Kasuga used his to twirl his bat in his hand once before swinging, hard, at the
scissors enemy’s ribs, cracking them and sending him across the lot, defeated.
Hayashi pointed at Sae and taunted her. “Arrogant mo-ther fu-cker!”
Sae, unfortunately, was resistant to enrage due to her experience in the courtroom. “…Is that it?”
she asked with a tilt of her head.
The enemy that Sae had offered a deal was finally able to take a turn, approaching Haruka and
shaking his bottle, before popping it open and drenching her with alcohol.
She suddenly found herself intoxicated. “I’m… not a lightweight…” she denied with a hiccup as
she started to sway.
“Man, they’re really not going easy on Haruka-chan,” Kasuga muttered.
“I’m jus’… the bigger threat izall…” Haruka slurred.
The gun-toting enemy’s turn came around; he pulled a bottle of alcohol seemingly out of nowhere.
A cloth was tucked into the opening.
He pulled out a lighter, lit the cloth on fire, and then tossed it at the party, damaging all four.
Haruka succumbed to the damage and collapsed. “Sorry… everyone…” she mumbled as she lost
consciousness.
The party winced. Sae’s brow furrowed. “That’s… not ideal.”
The charmed enemy, again, refused to act; he was too enamored by Akiyama.
Once her turn rolled around, Sae immediately approached Haruka and knelt over her awkwardly
collapsed form. She pulled a small jewel out of her pocket; Ren had given her one before they came

here, said she might need it. He called it a “Revival Bead”. This better do something, she thought to
herself. “I’m giving you 50 CCs of ‘wake the hell up!’”
She crushed the jewel in her hand and let the powder fall into Haruka’s open mouth. Suddenly, her
eyes shot open, and she stood back up, having regained half health. “Thanks,” she said.
Akiyama needed to take some of the heat off of Haruka, otherwise the enemies were just going to
keep whooping her ass at Hayashi’s command.
Fortunately, he had just the thing.
He looked at the gun-toting enemy and pulled out a wad of cash… which he then fanned himself
with. “It’s so hard being so rich. I never know what to spend my money on.”
The gun-toting enemy glared at him, and pointed his gun at the moneylender, becoming enraged.
“I’ll blow your shit smooth!” he yelled.
Haruka’s turn came around, and she decided to make sure she didn’t go down again. She pulled a
Staminan Royale energy drink and chugged it, restoring her health and her stamina back to full.
“Reminds me of when I was a kid!” she exclaimed cheerily.
Kasuga blinked. “Dude… you’ve been drinking energy drinks since you were nine?!”
“Uncle Kaz used to buy me some from Don Quijote!”
Akiyama shook his head and sighed. “Kiryu-san…” he muttered wearily.
Kasuga’s turn was up next. He decided to remove one more enemy from the battlefield.
He needed help for this one.
He pulled out his phone, opened the Poundmates app, and got to work. He began furiously swiping
amongst the options, static electricity sparking from his fingertip, until he found the exact
Poundmate he wanted. “Time to call… a FRIEND!” he exclaimed as he dramatically slammed his
finger onto the icon. He held his phone up to the heavens, and a beam of light shot out into the sky,
splitting the clouds. “I SUMMON YOU!”
Somewhere, down a foggy rural highway, a man in a black suit with bad posture, a bad attitude, and
a sideways, casual grin walked, hands in his pockets. “This world is shit, as always,” he said in a
low voice as he loaded a revolver, spinning the chamber stylishly before slamming it into the frame
and raising his gun at one of the drunkards.
His smile never wavered.
“Might as well flush it out!”

He shot twice, once in each shoulder, then tossed the gun, caught it by the barrel, and brought it
down painfully over the enemy’s head. He delivered a forceful push kick to the enemy’s gut,
causing him to double forward, and then roundhouse kicked his chin, sending him flying down the
street.
He landed face first on the pavement, then quickly pushed himself up, glaring angrily. His glare
softened, and his eyes widened, when he saw what was in front of him.
He was surrounded by old CRT televisions, stacked up on top of each other. Static played on all of
them. Then, on one…
He saw himself.
Grinning at himself.
Saying things he would never say.
At least… not out loud.
Adachi slowly approached him, cracking his knuckles. “I gotta be honest… you won’t like what
comes next.”
That man was never heard from again, which for our heroes, meant there was one less enemy to
deal with. Only Hayashi, the enraged gun enemy, and the charmed drunkard remained.
Hayashi pointed a pipe at Haruka and grinned. “Kazuma Kiryu isn’t around to protect you now,
Sawamura!” He ran at her and attacked her with several swings of his pipes. She was able to guard
against every hit, including a perfect guard against the final hit, which gave her the opportunity to
counter.
She had accepted by this point, however, that she wasn’t her father. Tiger dropping the enemy was
not something she could do reliably. So she did the next best thing.
She delivered a sharp knee to his groin, which caused him to double over, and caused Kasuga and
Akiyama to wince.
Sae merely shrugged. “It works.”
“Bitch…!” Hayashi spat as he straightened himself out shakily.

The gun-toting enemy fired a shot at Akiyama; again, the damage was lessened by Akiyama’s
money-armor. The charmed drunkard finally snapped out of his stupor and growled. He ran up to
Sae, broke his bottle over her head, and pulled out another one he had just been carrying around.
He chugged it while she clutched her head in pain, and resumed his stupid dance.
“You are a nuisance…” Sae growled. She slammed a fist in his gut, causing him to double over,
then delivered a sharp roundhouse kick to his face, knocking him unconscious.
And then there were two.
Akiyama launched into a flying knee against Hayashi, sending him sprawling again, while Haruka
followed up with a running kick to his face.
Kasuga held his bat skyward. “I call upon you… LIGHTNING!” he exclaimed dramatically. A bolt
of lightning struck his bat, causing a shockwave to go out which electrocuted both Hayashi and the
gun enemy, the latter of whom collapsed.
Sae tilted her head. “…It isn’t even raining.”
Hayashi gritted his teeth. He was almost down, but he was going to go down swinging. “Haruka
Sawamura… YOU RUINED MY LIFE!” He sprinted at her with everything he had, his pipes
raised.
Suddenly, he found himself stopped.
Painfully.
Akiyama had jumped at him from one side, a knee raised.
Sae had mirrored him from the other.
Both knees collided with Hayashi, one with his head, and the other with his neck.
It was quite painful.
Haruka stood her ground as Sae and Akiyama landed on either side of her, while Hayashi’s body
twitched.
He breathed heavily.
Took a step back.
And collapsed.
Haruka stared at him pitifully. “…No, Hayashi-san. I didn’t ruin your life. And neither did Kazuma
Kiryu.” She took a step towards his barely conscious form and leaned over him. “You ruined your
life… by refusing to let go of your failures. The Omi Alliance is gone. The Tojo Clan, too. And I
had nothing to do with either. There’s no point in continuing to fight their wars.”
Hayashi let out a gasping, raspy cough that almost sounded… like a laugh. “Is that what you think?
That the yakuza can just… disappear? All because Daigo Dojima and Masaru Watase abandoned
their duties, their men? You don’t understand a goddamn thing.”

“They didn’t abandon them!” Kasuga denied. “They didn’t. They didn’t want this. They wanted all
the yakuza to be able… to live. More than that, they wanted them to thrive! To be able to exist… as
more than just guys who swore an oath. Why can’t you see that?”
“And how the fuck did that work out?” Hayashi spat as he sat up.
Kasuga’s glare softened. “…Badly. It went really badly. The security company didn’t work out.”
He glanced at Haruka. “…People died. Maybe… that was Dojima’s fault. Watase’s, too. Majimasan… Saejima… Whatever they were trying to do… they failed.” He clenched his fists and shook
his head. “…But it wasn’t abandonment. They were never going to abandon you all.”
“Then where the fuck are they?” Hayashi questioned. “Do you see them anywhere? Maybe they’re
loyal to you. To that… brat. But when shit went sideways… they didn’t stick around to pick up the
pieces. They ran. Daigo Dojima. Goro Majima. Taiga Saejima. The three of them… they fuckin’
left us all here to die.”
Kasuga stared at him for a moment… then nodded slightly. “It looks like that, doesn’t it?
Honestly… I can’t pretend I know what’s going on with them. ‘Cause I have no goddamn clue.
Whatever their intent was… it doesn’t seem to matter much anymore.”
Then… he held his hand out. “But Yamamoto’ll cast you aside the second you’re not useful to him.
It doesn’t have to be that way, Hayashi-san.”
Hayashi glared up at them. “Blow me.”
Kasuga’s brow didn’t furrow. He didn’t glare. He simply frowned, and after a moment, closed his
fingers and slowly withdrew his hand. “Can’t say I didn’t try.” He heard footsteps from behind him,
and slowly turned to look over his shoulder. “Your backup?”
Hayashi smiled thinly. “I suppose we’ll find out.”
Haruka, Sae, and Akiyama turned around as well, as several Tokyo MPD officers filed into the
empty lot, led by none other than Makoto Date. He surveyed the scene. His eyes froze on Haruka.
He slowly closed his eyes.
“...God… damn it.”
One of the officers following him - a woman with red eyes, short brown hair, styled into a bob cut,
with blunt bangs, wearing a dark blue peaked cap over her hair - gasped softly, her eyes widening
slightly as they settled on Sae. “Sis…?”
Sae nodded slightly. “Makoto.” She looked around at the police officers that were surrounding the
area. “...So… I take it we’re all under arrest, then?”

Chapter 137: Rubber Handcuffs
Sae looked around at the police officers that were surrounding the area. “...So… I take it we’re all
under arrest, then?”
Date crossed his arms. “...Those are my orders,” he said, though he didn’t sound too pleased.
“These four yakuza-affiliated thugs interfered with a Bleach Japan operation and attempted to
murder me, officers!” Hayashi called out. “You can see they’ve assaulted my men.”
Date pinched his nose bridge. “Shut up, man…”
“Eh?”
“We were called because there were reports of gunfire in the Champion District,” Date explained.
“What’s more, Haruka Sawamura, currently on the run for murder, was caught on a station camera
at Yongenjaya, and took the line to Kamurocho. Taken together… Well, it’s not a good look.”
He paced the area. “But… Haruka Sawamura ‘murdered’ Hachiro Sano with a blade. No gun was
found on the scene of the crime, and she didn’t have one when she was arrested, either.”
“She’s a dangerous fugitive!” Hayashi argued, standing up. “Obviously she went and got one!” He
pointed at his own discarded gun on the ground. “That one! Right there. I was able to wrestle it
from her before she could do any damage.”
“The guns were fired before we got here,” Sae protested. “Officer Date, Haruka Sawamura is-”
“A wanted fugitive,” Date said, cutting her off. “This… gentleman is absolutely right about that.”
“But-!”
“However… There were reports that three shots were fired, from two directions,” Date continued.
He glanced at one of the downed Bleach Japan members, whose own gun had fallen out of his
hands. "And would you look at that... two guns. As Bleach Japan are not among those exempted
from the Firearm and Sword Possession Control Law, it would appear that somebody else here was
carrying an illegal gun. Because of that, we can’t verify who fired, and when. We’ll have to take
these in for evidence, and get them fingerprinted.”
Hayashi’s smirk faltered. “W-wait…”
“There a problem?” Date asked. “I’m afraid I’m gonna have to detain all of you until we know who
the guns belong to. Sorry to inconvenience you. But you’ll be free to go once we get the prints.” He
nodded to Makoto. “Niijima, can you cuff Sawamura for me? It won’t be necessary for the others,
supposing they cooperate.”
Makoto’s brow furrowed. “...Date-san… I don’t know if-”
“I’ve been dealing with her family since '95,” Date sighed. “Trust me, I know what I’m doing,
here.”

"Right. The murder of Sohei Dojima," Makoto said. "You were the officer who interrogated
Kazuma Kiryu, the... supposed perpetrator."
Date raised an eyebrow. "And who told you that?"
"I've done my homework."
“Wait, Date-san!” Haruka pleaded. “...I’ll come with you, but… One of my friends was injured. He
was shot. I really want to check on him.”
Date raised an eyebrow. “I imagine you aren’t about to confess that they were shot by you, right?”
“By this jackass,” Kasuga said, jabbing a thumb towards Hayashi. “He shot Higashi-san, and he
shot Mitsu, my buddy. Both of them worked for Bleach Japan. He shot his own guys, because they
weren’t fully on board with his bullshit.”
“That sounds… like two guys I should get witness statements from,” Date replied.
“They’re unreliable witnesses!” Hayashi argued. “They were aiding the fugitive! One of them was
shot protecting Masaharu Kaito, another fugitive.”
Makoto narrowed her eyes. “...Why would Haruka have shot at Kaito? They’re co-conspirators.
There would almost have to have been… another shooter.”
Hayashi blinked. “...I- I mean…” He looked around at all of the cops that were now staring at him.
He grimaced. “...Screw it.” He reached for his discarded gun and picked it back up, pointing it at
Haruka. “Takin’ this brat down with me!”
Gunfire rang out, and Hayashi’s gun was suddenly blasted out of his hand, which began to bleed as
he clutched it. “Agh! Who…?!” He looked up.
Makoto stood there, her left fist clenched, her service revolver in her right hand. The barrel
smoked. “Yeah. I don’t think so.”
Date closed his eyes again and inhaled deeply. “...Aaaaand now this just became a whole lot more
paperwork." He opened them and glared at Makoto. "Procedure is a warning shot."
"There wasn't any time... sir."
"That there wasn't. ...Good aim."
Makoto smirked. "I've had practice."
Date raised an eyebrow. "...Where?"
Makoto didn't answer, though her smirk remained as she handed over her revolver. "I believe I've
just taken an action that requires me to submit to an immediate internal administrative
investigation, pursuant to Article 7 of the Police Duties Execution Act. Therefore, I believe I
should not be the one arresting Haruka Sawamura."
Date sighed. “So that’s how it’s gonna be, huh? …Alright. Somebody cuff Mr. Tall, Dark, and
Douchey, and the rest of you get the rest of his buddies out of here. Niijima, stay with me. Article 7
or not, I’m gonna need your help with Sawamura and her associates.”

One officer put handcuffs on Hayashi, who growled and struggled against his restraints.
“Yamamoto’ll have me out in no time,” he said.
“Uhh, you’re a liability,” Kasuga said bluntly. “So no. I don’t think that’s happening.”
Two officers dragged him away; most of the others pulled up the Bleach Japan recruits and walked
them over to a line of police cars that were parked near Shangri-La.
This left only Date and Makoto Niijima with Haruka, Kasuga, Sae, and Akiyama.
Date sighed and pulled a cigarette out of his pocket, placing it in his mouth. Before he could reach
for his own lighter, Makoto had pulled one out and held it out in front of the end of his cigarette. He
glanced at her as the flame burned the end, took a drag, and blew out a puff of smoke. “Your sister
warned me you’d be a handful,” he said. “Yet here you are carrying a lighter around for your
superiors, even though you don’t smoke yourself.”
“I’m a handful, but I still respect my superiors.” She smirked and tilted her head. “...As long as
they aren’t total assholes.”
“That might be the nicest thing anyone’s ever said to me,” Date chuckled. He then turned his head
to the others. “...You just had to come back to Kamurocho,” he sighed. "Couldn't lay low until this
all blew over."
"It wasn't going to blow over, Date-san," Haruka said softly. "You know that."
"...Yeah. I guess I do." He took another drag of his cigarette. “...I wasn’t lying before. My orders
came straight from Yamamoto. I’m supposed to arrest you right now, Haruka.”
“Yet you aren’t,” Sae noted.
“Says who?” he asked. “You’re all under arrest right now. You’re just not resisting. I don’t see any
reason to put you in cuffs. I'm still just as compromised as anyone else in this rotten department
right now. And it's all thanks to Ryo Aoki...”
Kasuga's eyes widened slightly. "T-the young master?"
"Aoki groomed Yamamoto for the position, from what I hear," Date revealed. "My guess? He was a
plan B, in case Horinouchi flipped on him. With Aoki dead, though, I suppose whether or not
Yamamoto was connected to him is a bit of a moot point. After all, Governor Yoshida was a
protege of Aoki’s as well. All it takes to get rid of a scandalous association these days is to write a
book letting everyone know you were the only sane one in the room. It’s easy.” He leaned in,
smirking slightly. “Just ask the Americans.”
“You do know he’s yakuza, right?” Akiyama asked. “You can’t do anything about that?”
“Oh, sure. Let me just walk into my boss’s office right now and tell him he’s under arrest for crimes
he committed a decade ago that I can’t even prove.” Date shook his head. “Doesn’t work like that.
Now. I have witnesses to interview at the University Hospital… but I obviously can’t trust you all
to walk yourselves to the police station. So you’re coming with me.”
“As long as we get to check on Higashi,” Haruka replied softly.
***

Date and Makoto’s cars formed a miniature convoy as they drove down Showa Street towards
Touto University Hospital. Kasuga and Akiyama rode with Date, while Haruka and Sae rode with
Makoto, who held her steering wheel with both hands, positioned at eight and four. “So. Haruka
Sawamura. I’ve heard a lot about you,” she said calmly. “Mostly about how you’re a vicious,
bloodthirsty yakuza who kills for sport.”
“That seems dramatic,” Haruka replied from the back seat.
“Of course, when you’re mentoring under Date-san, he teaches you to filter out the noise,” Makoto
continued. “Sure is a lot of noise surrounding you, though.”
“Date-san’s a good cop,” Haruka said. “There’s nobody better to teach you.”
Makoto chuckled. “He doesn’t seem to think so.” Mimicking the detective’s manner of speaking,
she added “‘First thing you’re gonna learn from me; how not to make friends in this department.’
Literally the first thing he said to me. Apparently, he’s not very popular at the precinct.”
“And why do you suppose that is?” Sae asked. She already knew the answer, of course.
“He only cares about the truth,” Makoto replied. “It’s… inconvenient, for a lot of people.”
Glancing up at Haruka in her mirror, she added “My friends and I don’t have the best experience
with cops. We got into some… trouble when we were in high school. If there had been more cops
like Date-san around back then… Ah, who am I kidding. We still would’ve gotten into trouble.”
Sae narrowed her eyes. “But those days are behind you… right?”
“Oh, sure.” Makoto smiled again. “…For now.”
“I suppose that’s the best I’m going to get, isn’t it?”
“Yup.”
Sae looked back ahead, watching the back of Date’s car as they pulled closer to the hospital. “…
Dad would’ve been proud of you.”
Makoto frowned. “You think so?”
“Not just now,” Sae added. “He’d have been proud of who you’ve become, yes. But also… back
then. I think… you were doing what he would have wanted you to do.”
Makoto chuckled softly. “You can’t know that,” she said, her voice breaking slightly.
“No, I suppose not. We can only guess.”
Haruka stared out the window as she listened to this. “…You didn’t think it was worth mentioning
to us that your sister was a police officer?” she asked with a slight smirk.
“You know, once upon a time, it was my job getting her into trouble,” Sae pointed out. “And now
I’m under arrest. My, how the tables have turned. We always seem to be on opposite battle lines.”
Haruka thought of Chihiro. How their conflict, in some ways, was unavoidable. She thought of
what Saeko said, all the way back during her journey.

“I was a really bad sister. I had a really controlling personality, and it pushed my whole family
away. Eventually, I realized they all fuckin’ hated me, so I left home. Never looked back.”
In the present, Haruka hummed thoughtfully. “Maybe that’s just how sisters are…”
“Only if one of them is shitty,” Sae conceded. “Which I was. So wrapped up in my work… so
obsessed with chasing promotions, that it pushed the only family I had left away.”
Makoto furrowed her brow. “That’s not how I remember it.”
Sae raised an eyebrow. “Oh?”
“You were struggling, sis,” Makoto said. “You were battling something dark within you. And…
yeah. You handled it badly. But you never pushed me away.”
Sae studied her, then leaned back in her seat. “…I never apologized. Not really. So… I’m—.”
“Wait until you’re not in my custody,” Makoto said with a smirk. “Then you can apologize. Until
then, we’re kind of even, don’t you think?”
“Hmph. I suppose.”
The cars pulled up into the hospital’s driveway. “We’re here,” Makoto announced. She put the car
into park and got out of it, walking around to the back to open Haruka’s door.
“Thank god,” Haruka grumbled as she stepped out. “Do you know how uncomfortable the back of
a squad car is?”
“I wouldn’t know. I’ve never been a passenger,” Makoto teased.
“Lucky you.” Haruka looked up over the car, at the towering heights of Touto University Hospital,
a 60-story hospital in the center of Shinjuku, just minutes away from Kamurocho. “The last time I
was here, I had just woken up from a coma,” she said. “I guess nobody goes to a hospital for a
happy reason though, huh? The time before that, Uncle Kaz almost died… and the time before
that...”
Glancing at a nearby bush, she added “Do you think somebody could survive a fall from the top, if
they landed in a tree or a bush?”
Makoto stared at the bush, her brow furrowing. “…That’s… insane,” she said flatly. “Don’t be
ridiculous.”
Haruka stared at the bush a moment longer. “…Yeah. You’re probably right. It’d take a lot more
than a bush to break that fall.” And yet, if Kashiwagi-san could survive being riddled with machine
gun bullets, and Lau Ka Long could survive a shot to the head…
She shrugged, and started walking towards the hospital doors. I’ll keep an eye out for any familiarlooking bartenders, I suppose.
Makoto furrowed her brow as she watched Haruka go. “...What do you mean I’m ‘probably’
right?”

Chapter 138: Miscalculation
Now out of surgery and on bed rest, Tohru Higashi was… ignoring the doctor’s orders, and instead
stood by the window in his room at Touto Hospital, staring out at the city. His arm was in a sling,
and a large bandage stretched across his left shoulder.
“This could’ve gone better…” he growled to himself.
“Coulda gone a lot worse, too,” he heard Kaito’s voice behind him. He turned around, to see that
Kaito, along with Yagami and Sugiura, had entered his room.
“Aniki…”
“Funny, though,” Kaito continued. “Usually it’s me that gets put in the hospital. There was that
time I got shot in Little Asia… that time I got stabbed by Soma last year… It happened twice this
year, both in the same weekend. Fell from a six story building, then got poisoned. I got real shitty
luck, I guess.” He smirked. “Maybe it’s finally turnin’ around.”
Higashi stared at him… then looked back out the window. “…Why did you come looking for me?”
“‘Cause I thought you were in trouble.”
“You should have thought I betrayed you. That was the plan, anyway.” Higashi sighed. “…I was
hoping it would keep you away long enough for me to do… whatever I was planning to do.”
“So it was a trick,” Kaito said. “Why didn’t you say anything?”
“And why did you run?” Yagami asked.
“…Panicked.”
“Huh?”
“The truth is… even though I wanted you to think I had turned heel…” He turned back to face
Kaito. “I wasn’t ready for that. Suddenly started thinking about… that whole deal with Hamura,
four years back. At first, I thought that meant it’d be easy to blend in. I already betrayed you guys
once; why wouldn’t I do it again? Yamamoto accepted me without any questions. It was easy.
“…Then I started thinking about what the people I cared about were thinking.” He looked away,
avoiding eye contact. “I realized that I probably can’t ever be trusted again because of that. It was
hard to face. So when I saw you… I ran. Didn’t wanna see the look on your face.”
Kaito frowned. “Higashi… man…”
“Good to know I’m not the only one with a habit of gettin’ double crossed,” they heard another
male voice chime in. They turned.
Kasuga stood in the doorway, smirking, arms crossed. “Between Nanba, Chihiro… I was starting to
think I was a magnet for this shit.” He grinned. “But, nah. I guess it’s just normal.”
“It’s definitely not…” Yagami muttered.

“But, hey, I still got Nanba in my corner,” Kasuga continued. “He’s one of my best friends. And
Chihiro-chan… Heh. Haruka-chan and I are workin’ on her. We’ll melt that icy heart yet.”
“If the Daidoji don’t kill her first…” Sugiura pointed out.
“So, I dunno, I don’t think you should stress about the past,” Kasuga said, looking straight at
Higashi. “And I think Yagami-san and Kaito-san agree with me. Right?”
Kaito grinned again as Kasuga walked fully into the room. “Do ya even gotta ask?” He was
followed by Haruka, Sae, Akiyama… and a police officer.
And then another.
Kaito frowned. “…Ah.”
Kasuga turned to Date and Makoto. “Hm? Oh, uh… yeah. Forgot to mention. We’re kind of…
totally screwed.”
Kaito snorted. “Figures.”
Date approached Kaito. “Masaharu Kaito. Makoto Date, Tokyo MPD. Organized crime. You’re
wanted in connection with the murder of Hachiro Sano, of the Tojo Clan. …Got anything you
wanna say about that?”
“…Nah.”
Date raised an eyebrow. “No?”
“I mean… does it really matter what I say? You gotta cuff me anyway. It’s your job, and I’m not
gonna try and make your job harder. Me and Haruka-chan’ll have our days in court, and then we
can get this all sorted. ‘Til then, short of somebody kickin’ you in the dick, I’m not getting myself
out of this one.”
The room was silent.
“…I said, short of somebody kickin’ this guy in the dick—.”
“We’re not doing that, Kaito-san,” Haruka said flatly.
“…R-right. I know. That’s why I said we weren’t going to do that.”
Date closed his eyes, slowly, and exhaled. “Now then… I understand you witnessed a shooting
earlier in the night. That’s what I’m actually here for.”
Kaito blinked. “…Ah. Right. I guess we should start from the beginning…”
***
Date heard out Kaito’s story, then looked down at his notes. “So… You say Bleach Japan jumped
you all, a man behind you shot at Hiroshi Hayashi, then Hayashi shot at you, injuring Higashi-san
over here, before shooting another Bleach Japan member for perceived disloyalty.” He looked at
Yagami and Sugiura. “And you two can corroborate this account?”

Yagami nodded. “Yes. And I’m willing to testify in court if necessary.”
Then, Date turned to Higashi. “And you agree that it was Hayashi that shot you, not Kaito?”
Higashi nodded. “Yeah. Mitsuo Yasumura will say the same. He’s in this wing too.”
“I’ll check in with him in a second,” Date said, nodding. The door opened, and Kasuga walked
back in. Date looked at him. “How’s your friend?”
Kasuga nodded. “Poor guy’s gonna be on crutches for a while, but he’ll live.”
“Sounds like one hell of a premeditated frame job,” Date said. “He had one of his own guys shoot
at him and miss deliberately, so he could justify a self defense killing in court. Only problem is,
both guns were illegal. Bleach Japan might be acting as a civilian police force, and the NPA might
be providing their budget, but they aren’t legally police. At least, not yet. So they aren’t exempted
from handgun bans.
“So even if he could argue self-defense, once prosecutors started asking why he had a gun in the
first place, things would start getting a lot stickier for him,” Date concluded. He noticed that
Makoto was speaking into a radio on her shoulder.
“…Okay. Thank you.” She let go of the button and looked up at Date. “That was forensics.
Hayashi’s fingerprints are the only set on one of the guns, there are two sets on the other. One
belongs to a member of Bleach Japan who is currently detained, the other has yet to be identified.”
“The unidentified fingerprints are mine,” Sae confessed. “I know as a prosecutor I should have
known better. But I had to confiscate it before he could do any more damage. I imagine the second
weapon charge will face problems because of that.”
Date nodded. “Possible. I wouldn’t worry too much about it though. You probably saved a life.
That’s what matters. And it won’t impact any charges against Hayashi himself.” He looked back at
Makoto. “We know anything about that gun’s history?”
Makoto shook her head. “Afraid not. They’re both Makarovs. Russian-made, probably been
moving through the black market for years. I don’t think we’ll be able to trace it.”
“Figures.”
Kaito crossed his arms and grumbled. “I feel like a fuckin’ idiot now… Probably ruined your whole
plan before you could get anything useful, huh?”
Higashi stared at him… then smirked slightly and looked back out the window. “I wouldn’t say
that. Thing is… I didn’t even technically report to Hayashi, even though he recruited me and liked
to order me around.”
Yagami nodded. “Masayoshi did say that. He said you reported straight to HQ, with Hayashi.”
Sae’s eyes widened slightly. “Wait… that would mean you reported directly to Yamamoto.”
Higashi nodded. “Exactly. Because I was close to Kaito, Yamamoto wanted me directly under him.
He thought he was getting an inside man. He was, but not the way he thought.”

“That idiot…!” Sugiura exclaimed. “He didn’t think for a second that you might have been playing
him?!”
“If he did, he didn’t act like it,” Higashi explained. “He thinks everyone has a price. He even told
me as much.”
“That’s ’cause he has a price,” Kaito snorted. “Hate to sound like a broken record, but the idea of
loyalty is totally foreign to him. Whether he was a Sakaki man, a Nishikiyama man, or a cop, this
guy didn’t make any move that didn’t benefit him personally. And he thinks everyone else is the
same, because he literally can not fathom being any other way.
“So, did you learn anything useful from this dumbass?”
Higashi nodded. “I was only there a few days, but I was able to learn a lot. For starters: this asshole
is paranoid. He thinks half of Tokyo is conspiring against him. The Governor, other cops, business
leaders, ward mayors… he thinks they’re all after him. On top of that, he's planning his own run for
Governor soon, which we probably already knew. The media already identified him as a possible
contender weeks ago.”
“The media speculation is understandable, but… why would he already be preparing? We’re more
than a year out from the next election,” Sae said with a furrowed brow. “Governor Yoshida was
elected to a four-year term in February 2020, after Ryo Aoki’s death at the end of 2019. So unless
he expects her not to finish her term…”
She trailed off. Her eyes widened. “Does… he expect her to resign soon?”
Higashi nodded slowly. “Yeah. That’s the impression I got. Apparently… he’s got dirt on her.
Really bad dirt. Don’t know what it is, though. Talks like he already has the job, too.”
Sae crossed her arms. “…He very well might. If Yoshida resigns before the end of her term, the
Tokyo Assembly appoints an acting governor from a list of four designated vice governors Yoshida
selected. In addition to his regular duties as police commissioner, Yamamoto is one of Yoshida’s
vice governors.”
“Wait… so he could become governor without ever winning an election?!” Kasuga asked.
“Temporarily,” Sae affirmed. “Of course, given his popularity, and his public image as a stabilizing
force, if he was put in that position… I wouldn’t expect the election to be competitive.
“And he’s plannin’ to screw over the lady that put him there?!” Kaito exclaimed. “What an
asshole!”
“Somebody like Yoshida, who weathered the collapse of the Citizens’ Liberal Party, investigations
into the Aoki’s incarnation of Bleach Japan—of which she was an early supporter—and who
remains popular despite both of those previous associations wouldn’t resign over a regular scandal,
though,” Sae continued, putting a finger to her chin. “She might elect to not stand for re-election in
2024, and depending on how severe it is, she could be subject to a recall effort, which almost
certainly would have failed. The only way she’d resign is if maintaining her office became
immediately untenable. Whatever it is Yamamoto has, he clearly thinks it’s bad enough that it
would result in a no-confidence motion. Even talk of that likely would be enough to force Yoshida
out.”

Haruka, who had been silent up to this point, spoke up. “…What if it’s criminal?” Everyone stared
at her. “I mean… Yoshida used to be CLP… and we already know Viper’s Daidoji faction is allied
with Yamamoto. The Daidoji made CLP scandals disappear for years.” She scratched her head.
“What would have been so damaging for a governor who’s already weathered scandal… if not
something criminal?”
Sae thought for a moment. “…If she’s accused of an actual crime… I’d expect near-immediate
resignation. Criminal accusations are one of the only scandals left in this country that are actually
fatal.”
“The only question is… what could it be?” Yagami asked. “And is it the full story? Have the statute
of limitations expired? And so on.”
Sae exhaled slowly. “…Only way to find out is to ask her.”
“Oh yeah, let’s just call a meeting with the governor,” Kaito said sarcastically. “Any of you got her
number?”
“…Well… She’ll be at the grand re-opening of Little Asia tomorrow,” Sae said. “…And I was
originally scheduled to appear as well. I’m supposed to share a stage with her and Yamamoto.
Unfortunately, I will be in a cell by then.”
Date watched her for a moment. Then, he turned to Makoto. “Niijima… I think it’s time you head
back to the station,” he said. “They’re expecting a report on your weapon discharge earlier.”
Makoto’s eyes widened slightly. “Now? But…”
“I’ve got it from here. Go, before you end up in more trouble.”
Makoto bowed slightly. “I… as you wish, Date-san.” She turned towards the door and began to
leave, only pausing briefly to cast a worried look at her sister. She then left without another word.
Date waited until she was gone. “Alright… I think it’s about time to take you down to the station.
Haruka… Kaito… Niijima… let’s go.”
Haruka sighed, but nodded. “Okay, Date-san.”
Date stretched, then groaned and held his stomach. “Agh… but first… I need to use the restroom,”
he said. “Excuse me.”
He started walking towards the door… then paused. “…I don’t feel very good. Think I ate
something bad.” He turned his head to glance at Sae, with a slight smile on his face. “I might be a
while.”
“Date-san…?” Sae said, her eyes widening slightly.
Date continued to watch her. “Do me a favor… don’t go anywhere. Okay?” Still smiling slightly,
he walked, slowly and calmly, out the door, shutting it behind him with a click.
The party watched the door in silence, as Date’s footsteps echoed down the hall, getting farther
away, until eventually they were gone.
“…Heh. He’s a good dude,” Kasuga chuckled.

“There’s a reason Uncle Kaz considered him his best friend,” Haruka said with a soft smile.
Akiyama shook his head. “No shot Kiryu-san said that. I mean, have you met him?”
“…Well, not in so many words, no…” Haruka admitted.

The party walked back out into the University Hospital’s parking lot. Higashi, unfortunately, had to
stay a bit longer, but they were assured he’d be out soon. Makoto Niijima’s car was gone; Date’s
was still parked in the driveway, but the man himself was nowhere to be found. “I hope Date-san
and Makoto-chan don’t get in too much trouble for all this…” Kasuga said guiltily, rubbing the
back of his neck.
“Date-san’s been in worse trouble before,” Haruka replied. “Usually on my or Uncle Kaz’s behalf,
come to think of it…”
“Makoto has, too,” Sae affirmed. “Of course, whereas Date-san’s trouble was professional,
Makoto… tended to get into a different kind of trouble.” Staring at Date’s car, she added “I don’t
think Tokyo will be quite as dangerous for us going forward. We can likely come and go through
Hachikocho and Kamurocho as much as we please, now.”
“Uhhh, you, Haruka-chan, and Kaito are still fugitives, are you not?” Kasuga asked.
“Bleach Japan patrols will likely be lighter after what happened tonight,” Sae explained. “They’ll
want to avoid drawing attention to themselves for a while. I also haven’t technically been charged
with anything, and while Haruka and Kaito have been, after tonight, I suspect some officers won’t
be eager to prioritize our arrest. We should still be careful, but… I think the most dangerous phase
of this fight is behind us.”
“Can’t be,” Haruka said. “We haven’t fought our way up a skyscraper yet.”
Sae stared at her. “…What.”
Haruka simply shrugged. “Just a pattern I noticed growing up, is all.”
“So! What’s next?” Kasuga asked.
“I think we should head back to Survive for now,” Sae said. “I have a surprise appearance to make
in Kamurocho tomorrow. I need to get ready. Yamamoto will be happy to see me, I’m sure.”
“Heh. Up for some cooldown time with the party, Sae-chan?”

Sae simply stared at Kasuga.
Her face didn’t shift, but she had murderous intent behind her eyes.
Kasuga frowned. “…O-or not. It’s up to you.”
“You should really stop trying to make that a thing before we all end up in trouble…” Yagami said,
scratching his head.
The party started heading towards the subway station, when Haruka heard a cough nearby. She
paused, and turned around. “Hm?”
Standing just near the hospital driveway was a man in a trench coat, wearing a fedora over his chinlength, slicked back black hair and darkly tinted sunglasses, smoking a cigarette.
He looked… sad.
Lost.
Dangerous.
Curiously, Haruka tilted her head. Where did he come from? she wondered. He wasn’t here a
moment ago.

Haruka approached the man. “Excuse me, sir.”
The man’s eyes flicked to her. He clearly heard her. He then looked away and took another drag of
his cigarette.
It was filterless. Hand-rolled, by the looks of it.
“…Sir.”
Again, the man tilted his head, as if he heard her, but he continued to ignore her.
“…Mister.”
Finally, hesitantly, the man looked around, an eyebrow raised. There was nobody else around. He
slowly turned to look at Haruka. She could see, even through the dark tint of his sunglasses, that his
eyes were bright blue, yet his facial features were unmistakably Japanese. “…Are you… talking to
me?” he asked.
Haruka tilted her head. “There’s nobody else around, is there?”

His eyes widened. “Huh…? You are talking to me. But that’s…”
“You seem surprised.”
The man stared at her, then shook his head. “It’s nothing.” He took another drag of his cigarette.
Then, in English, he said “There’s no way…”
“No way what?” Haruka asked, also in English.
His head snapped to her, looking even more shocked. “…English?”
“A small amount,” she replied. “In Tokyo, many English speakers. Nihongo better.”
The man nodded, and replied in Japanese, “Japanese it is then.” He took another drag of his
cigarette, which burned down to a nub. “Sorry. I just… have a lot on my mind.” He glanced around.
“I’m not exactly from around here.”
“Not from… Tokyo?” Haruka asked.
“…Not from Japan.” He gestured to his eyes. “As you can see.”
“I can’t tell that just by looking at you,” Haruka said with a slight chuckle. “You look pretty
Japanese to me.”
“News to me.”
“So… American, then?”
The man paused. “…I don’t remember.”
Haruka blinked. “Huh?”
“…I don’t know much about myself,” he admitted. “When I try to think about it I just… draw a
blank. And what I can remember… I don’t even know if I can trust it.”
He has… amnesia? Haruka thought. “…Do you remember your name?”
The man looked around, thinking about it. “…Daito,” he replied. “I think… I think that’s right.”
Haruka smiled and held her hand out. “Well, Daito-san. It’s nice to meet you. My name’s Haruka.”
Daito stared at her hand for a moment. “…Can I ask you something? A favor. Big one.”
“Huh? Uh, what is it?”
“See… There’s… something I need to see,” he said. “I don’t remember what, and I don’t remember
why… but I think it’s tied to my memories. Maybe if I can see it… I’ll remember.” He looked into
her eyes. “I think it’s in Tokyo. That must be why I’m here. I- I’d go see it myself, but… I’m kind
of stuck here.”
Haruka raised an eyebrow. “Stuck here?”
“I need… somebody to take me.” He bowed his head slightly. “I know it’s a lot to ask. But…
Would you let me come with you, so I can see with your eyes?”

“Oh, well, sure, I can show you around.”
Daito stared at her. “…Are you absolutely sure? Because once you agree… you might be stuck
with me for a bit. So… are you sure?”
Haruka chuckled and nodded. “I’m sure, Daito-san. I’ll help you however I can.”
Daito stared a moment longer, then bowed his head gratefully. “Thank you, Haruka. You don’t
know how much this means to me.”
With that, he held out his hand, and Haruka shook it. Suddenly, she felt a cold breeze come over
her. She shuddered. “…Sheesh. Let’s get moving… It feels really cold all of a sudden.”
Daito nodded and let go of her hand. “Yes. Let’s go.”
They started to walk in the opposite direction of the subway. Strangely, her feet seemed to move on
their own. “Although… I’m not exactly from Tokyo either, so I don’t know how much help I’ll be.”
Daito chuckled. “Then we’re both strangers in heaven,” he said.
“Heh. Yeah.”
From down the sidewalk, Kasuga watched Haruka go, an eyebrow raised. “Haruka-chan…?”

Chapter 139: Stranger Than Heaven
Chapter Notes

This chapter has substory music. ...Yeah.
Sprinkled throughout are various hyperlinks to YouTube uploads. Middle click them, and
music will begin playing in a new tab. Isn't that something?
If you hate it, just ignore them and let me know and I will not do it in the future.

Haruka and Daito walked through the city, almost directionless. “So… You said you aren’t from
Tokyo,” Daito said. “Where are you from?”
“Well, I was born in Tokyo, I guess…” she admitted. “But it’s not really home to me. I’ve spent
most of my life in Okinawa, with my foster brothers and sisters, and my son.”
“Ah, you’re an orphan too, then?” he asked.
“Huh? Yeah. You too?”
Daito paused. “…I guess. I said it, didn’t I?”
“Yeah. Is… a memory coming back to you?”
Daito shook his head. “More like… it feels true. Like my name. …Memory is funny like that, I
guess.”
“Does anything else feel true?”
Daito hummed and crossed his arms. “…Hm. No. Not yet.”
“Well, once we get to Hachikocho, maybe we can jog some more memories loose?”
“…Hachikocho? Where’s that, exactly?”
“It’s a district in Shibuya.”
Daito put a finger to his chin. “…Can’t say I ever spent much time in Shibuya… I remember things
being… bad there.”
Haruka raised an eyebrow. Are we talking about the same Shibuya…?
As they got closer to Shibuya, Daito seemed to… stare at the tall buildings surrounding them. Like
he was taking them in. “…Where were we just now?”
“Huh?”

“I mean… the hospital. Where was that?”
“Oh! Shinjuku.” She smiled. “When you look at pictures of Tokyo online and you see all the tall
buildings, usually that’s Shinjuku you’re looking at.”
Daito blinked. “On a line? Like… a telephone line?”
Haruka shook her head. “N-not anymore, no.” Sheesh, is dial-up really the last time this guy’s used
the internet?
Meanwhile, Daito’s thoughts were considerably more bizarre. Does this girl really expect me to
believe we can look at photographs on the telephone? He wondered what somebody would even
look at.
As if on cue, he saw a building nearby with a lot of photographs inside, and a man ushering
salarymen in. “Hey, come on, come on in, let me show you what Hachikocho’s got to offer!”
Maybe this will awaken some memories, Daito thought.
Haruka’s brow furrowed. “Um… Daito-san…” she said as he walked directly into the Men’s
Entertainment Box with no shame. The barker seemed to ignore him as he walked in, which
Haruka thought was peculiar. Haruka walked up to the door, and the barker’s eyes widened. “Um,
miss, you’re—.”
“Assisting a friend,” Haruka replied flatly. Her eyes drifted to a rather attractive looking woman on
a photograph inside the MEB. “…And that’s it,” she added, somewhat less convincingly.
“O…kay then,” the barker replied. “Yeah, I mean… It’s 2022. I’m sure we’ve got some girls that
swing that way.”
“Way more than you think,” Haruka replied.
“…’Scuse me?”
“…Nothing.” She walked into the box, following Daito, who was staring wide-eyed at all of the
photos.
“…Wow,” he muttered.
Every single picture in the establishment, of which there were hundreds, was a polished,
professionally shot photo of a different beautiful woman, who came in all sorts of shapes and sizes.
Daito was blown away. “What is this magical place?” he asked.
“It’s a Men’s Entertainment Box,” Haruka explained. “These photos are all of, um, hostesses at the
nearby cabaret clubs. It’s kind of like… a showroom.” She stared at one photo of a woman with
long, dark brown hair in a stunning white Victorian-inspired dress. According to the card in front of
the photo, her name was Sumire and she worked at Sunshine Tokyo, the Shibuya branch of a
famous Sotenbori cabaret club.
For some reason, the name and address of the club embedded itself in Haruka’s memory. She
slowly closed her eyes. I’m not going there. I’m not going there. I’m not going there. Cabaret clubs
are for perverted men. Also I don’t have the money. I’m not going there.

“…Say Daito-san, do you think your memories might be in one of these cabaret clubs?”
Daito stared at one photo - of a hostess with a polite smile named “Moeka” - and frowned slightly.
“...I don’t think so.”
“Right…”
Daito glanced at her. “...You sound disappointed.”
“I’m not.”
“Heh. Okay.” Staring back down at the photo of Moeka, he tilted his head. “Although…”
Suddenly, three images flashed in his mind. Memories? The first was of a young woman with tired
eyes and black hair, pulled up in a bun. She wore a kimono and sat with him at a bar of some sort,
holding a whiskey highball in her hand and staring longingly at him. “Come over here…”
The second was of an American woman with tan skin and curly, shoulder-length brown hair,
standing behind a microphone in a dimly lit club. “Remember my promise… yeah?”
The third was of a Japanese woman with wavy, chin-length black hair in a stylish blue dress and
black gloves, with pearls around her neck and a blue flower in her hair, singing for an adoring
crowd of people in a cabaret. She winked up at Daito, who watched from a balcony. “Something
wrong there, boss?”
Daito snapped back to reality and blinked, clutching his head. Haruka noticed.
“Are you okay, Daito-san?”
Daito took a deep breath… and nodded. “…Yeah.” Looking back down at Moeka’s photo, he added
“I just remembered somebody, is all.”
“Oh? Somebody important?”
“I think… maybe.” He shook his head. “Three women. Couldn’t tell you their names, though.”
“Lovers?”
Daito thought about it. “Maybe. Or… maybe not. I find it hard to believe somebody could love
me.”
“Why is that?”
Daito tilted his head. “…Just another thing I know, I guess. I remember… screaming. People
looking at me like I was some kind of… monster.” He looked sad. “…What did I do…?”
A voice echoed in his mind. A Japanese woman’s voice. “I don’t even know you anymore… I don’t
know what you’ve become.”
Daito slowly closed his eyes. “…We should go.”
Without another word, he turned and walked out of the establishment. Haruka watched him go, a
worried look on her face.

Once again, the barker ignored Daito.
***
Haruka and Daito soon reached Hachikocho proper, finding themselves in Station Square. He
looked around the area. “…Where is this?” he asked incredulously, staring across the bigass
intersection at the bigass buildings with the bigass LED screens and brightass lights.
Haruka tilted her head. “What do you mean? It’s Shibuya.”
“This is not Shibuya.”
Haruka crossed her arms. “How can you say that? You don’t remember anything.”
“Yeah, certainly not this. Shibuya doesn’t look like this in my memories.”
“Well what does it look like?”
“Rubble.”
Haruka blinked. “…Rubble???”
Daito nodded. “Yeah. Rubble over there, and over there, and where that big building with the
numbers on it is…”
“Daito-san, are you sure you aren’t remembering an old war movie?”
Daito thought about it. “Now that I think about it… I remember war. And I remember movies.
Although, I don’t remember any movies about the war. I mostly watched samurai films. But I will
concede that maybe I saw one or two.” He looked at her. “You ever watch anything by Kurosawa?”
Haruka tilted her head. “Who?”
Daito looked scandalized. “Sanshiro Sugata?”
Haruka blinked. “…The… The SEGA Saturn mascot?”
“Sega?” Daito asked. Ah. Service Games. This girl is an addict. Poor thing. His eyes flicked to a
bronze statue of an Akita nearby. “…Ah. Now this… this I remember.”
He and Haruka approached the statue. “Hachiko-san… Sorry I’m not around to visit more often.”
He shrugged. “You know how it is. I’m a busy man.”
“Are you?” Haruka asked.
“…I mean, probably. I think… Maybe I was a businessman.”
“Well, that’s something!” she replied. “What kind of business?”
“…Hm. That I’m not sure of.”
“Well. We’ll figure it out, Daito-san.”

Shichi-kun, Shibuya’s resident mascot, slowly turned to stare at Haruka, tilting its head in
confusion.
***
Next, they crossed the Scramble into Central Street. “Well, Daito-san, do you feel anything coming
on?” Haruka asked.
Daito looked around at all of the lights and noises around them. “…A migraine.”
“A memory migraine?”
“Just a regular one. Right behind the eyes.” He watched a group of teenagers walk past. “…You
said you have kids, right?”
“A son.”
“How old is he?”
“Six. He turns seven in a couple of months.”
A kid giggled as he walked past. “Six-seven!” he shouted as he made a weird juggling gesture with
his hands.
Daito stared at him, his brow furrowing. “…What.”
Haruka shook her head. “D-don’t worry about it. It’s just something the kids are doing right now. I
don’t get it either.”
“Well, finally, we agree on something,” Daito chuckled. “…Hm… Six… and seven… what could it
mean?” He held his hands up in a cupping motion. “…Heh. The absurdity is a bit humorous. Sixseven…”
He made a juggling motion. “…I get it.”
Haruka tilted her head. “You do?”
“No.”
Haruka crossed her arms. “…Do you think you might have kids, Daito-san?”
“I suppose it’s possible,” Daito said with a nod. “Actually… I think I might have a son. What was
his name… Was it… Kazuma?”
Haruka’s eyes widened slightly. “H-huh?” Kazuma… Kiryu?
Daito put a finger to his chin. “…Or maybe… Akira?”
Haruka’s eyes widened even more. Akira… Nishikiyama??
Daito put his hands in his pockets. “Or maybe I had a girl. Perhaps… Yumi?”
Haruka’s eyes cracked wide open. YUMI SAWAMURA???

Haruka realized she was being a bit ridiculous. Obviously not. Daito appeared to be in his fifties or
sixties. But why those three names? “…Are you just dropping random common names?” she asked.
“…Oh. Yeah, I think I might be.”
Haruka sighed. “…Those names though…”
“Hm?”
“Well… I know you said you were an orphan… could you have grown up at Sunflower
Orphanage?”
Daito thought about it. “…The name is familiar. I don’t… think I grew up there, though.
Actually… I don’t remember growing up in Japan at all. I think I grew up in America, and came
here as a teenager. I remember arriving on a boat. And I remember… smokestacks? Lots of them.
Factories everywhere. Steel mills, maybe? And… a castle.”
Where the hell could that be? Haruka thought to herself. “…Are you even from Tokyo?”
“Definitely not,” Daito said. “I think I came here later. Much later.”
“Okay, so that’s getting us somewhere, I think,” Haruka said.
They continued walking. “I remember… flooding. A dam bursting, maybe? …And then I
remember being somewhere else. I guess I left the city not long after. Don’t remember where I
went though. Lotta boats, but that’s it. I guess that doesn’t really narrow it down a whole lot in this
country, huh?”
Suddenly, he paused in his step. “…Do you hear that?”
“Huh? Hear what?”
He pointed into an alleyway leading to RIZAP gym. “Over there.” His finger pointed to a drainage
pipe running down the side of the building in a crooked manner. Rainwater hit the walls of the pipe
at a consistent, rhythmic pace, all the way down the pipe, before eventually landing in drops on the
ground.
He smiled and started snapping his fingers to the rhythm. “There’s something musical about it,
don’t you think? Yeah… That’s a sound you can play an instrument to.”
Haruka stared at it. She could hear it. “Hey… yeah. …Say, Daito-san… maybe you’re a music
producer.”
Daito got a little excited. His smile widened. He seemed almost… younger like this. “You think
so?” he asked, the tone of his voice rising. “Yeah… yeah, you might be on to something! But how
can I know for sure?”
Haruka crossed her arms. “…In Shibuya at this hour, there’s only one place you can go to figure
out how good your rhythm is.”
Daito looked at her seriously. “Where? Take me!”
***

Daito blinked. “Haruka… what am I looking at?”
He was staring at what appeared to be a glowing washing machine. He then turned to and stared at
Haruka, confused, as she tapped a small rectangular piece of plastic to the machine, which beeped a
moment later.
“This… is maimai,” she explained. “And it’s how we can tell if you really have musical talent.”
“…How, exactly?”
Haruka gestured to a neighboring cabinet, where a forty-five year old salaryman repeatedly tapped
the circular buttons surrounding the circular window of his washing machine to the beat of the
music, although it certainly wasn’t any kind of music Daito had heard before. “Ah… I see. It’s
some sort of a… rhythm tester. You attack the sides of the window to the beat. Well… I can’t
promise I’ll be very good… but I’ll give it a shot.”
Haruka nodded, and queued up a song; “Bakkyun*BADGIRL”, produced by SEGA Sound Team
composer Chihiro Aoki and performed by Manami.
The music started, and he missed the first several notes. “Oh!” he exclaimed as he watched circles
start in the center of the window and move outwards. He realized immediately afterwards what he
had to do. “I see.” He began tapping the buttons, figuring out the timing as he went along; despite
the unfamiliar sound of the music, chock full of sounds he had literally never heard before, rhythm
would never be foreign to him.
The lyrics kicked in right as he got his bearings.
“BAD GIRL, Steal your heart
BAD GIRL, Steal your mind
BAD GIRL, Fall in love with
the spy who loved you
“Love you
Know you
Take you
I almost lose my mind,
“Love you
Know you
Take you
Isshoni Odoroo maimai.”
He figured out which graphics corresponded to taps, and which ones corresponded to having to
hold the buttons. This wasn’t so hard.
“Kanjo-ono nai sono kotoba
Kawaribaeshinai mad screen
“Saiteeno naiyoono messe-eji
Kesitainoni you can’t delete.”
Actually… this was kind of… fun!

“Anatano cocoro azamuku
Coco and ibitsuna my world
“Watashino hitomio mitsumete
Mokono mama nigasanai—!”
He narrowed his eyes. A pause. The chorus was coming. He somehow felt it.
He was ready.
“You say ‘break it, break it down!’
Izo oni ueta kokoromo show me your way.
“Don’t say ‘take it, take it hard’
Kuchkara deta ‘sorry’ and aino shirushi.”
Haruka got ready to fist pump to the beat; this was her favorite part of the song.
“Oh~ BakKYUN bakKYUN
torawarete.
“BakKYUN bakKYUN
ochiteku.
“BakKYUN bakKYUN
eenni
“Feeling good
Follow you
Fall in love with you.
“BakKYUN bakKYUN
rasen no yooni.
“BakKYUN bakKYUN
ochiteku.
“BakKYUN bakKYUN
jotto jotto
“What it is
Let me see
Ashiteru—.”
Daito desperately slammed every necessary button as a series of truly alien sounds erupted from the
machine, almost like the speakers were broken, chopping up the previous lyric and repeating it.
Suddenly, the instrumental cut out.
“BAD GIRL, steal your heart.”
The song was over.
He braced himself against the machine with both hands, panting, sweating.

“That was… incredible…” he breathed.
Haruka smiled and clapped politely. “Yayy, Daito-san~!” she exclaimed cutely.
“How the hell did you pull that off?” the guy at the machine behind her asked.
She turned and smiled at him. “He’s really good.”
“…Uh huh.”

Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!

