Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Burn the World Down (Gamer SI, Avatar: The Last Airbender)
 Thread starterInfonticus  Start dateJan 31, 2023  Tagsavatar avatar: the last airbender dub-con gamer harem smut
Created
Jan 31, 2023
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
9,581
Recent readers
0
Threadmarks
38
Burn the World Down (Avatar: The Last Airbender)

Summary: ...to build something greater on the...
Threadmarks Index Extras
Statistics (32 threadmarks, 352k words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
Chapter 1: Ignite into Being
Words 7.4k
Jan 31, 2023
Chapter 2: Khan versus the Kyoshi Warriors
Words 8.6k
Feb 2, 2023
Chapter 30 - The Defeated
Words 17k
Jan 27, 2025
Chapter 31 - Doom, War and Peanuts
Words 9.8k
Jan 29, 2025
Chapter 32 - A Most Magnificent Sunrise
Words 18k
Mar 13, 2025
 Not open for further replies.
1
2
  Next
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 1: Ignite into Being
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Jan 31, 2023
Add bookmark
#2
Chapter 1: Ignite into Being
Dying in your sleep like a candle dimming out... in stories, there was no kinder death than that. But reality was rarely so kind.

I lived my life on the straight and narrow, kept to my lane, gave a bit more than I took, forgave and forgot, embraced everyone with open arms, and I had even made it my life's motto to 'Treat others as you wish to be treated yourself'... I did everything they told me to do and say to be a good person. But in the end, what did it avail me? The prize of an early death due to someone else's greed and incompetence, and a lifetime's worth of regrets for being too meek, too passive, and too much of a damned coward my entire life... An obedient little doormat right to the end.

You have died!​

"Yes, I did. What more do you want from me?" I bitterly snapped at the glowing words in a text box floating in a black void. The anger at such an ignoble death still hot in my blood, "Just let me go on my way, wherever that may be. Grant me the dignity to be able to face death braver than I had faced anything in life."

After this life cycle, you have accumulated enough Karma for Reincarnation to other worlds. Would you like to avail?​

"Isekai." I said aloud as realisation filled me. "Do I... get choices in the details of my reincarnation?"

Correct. Would you like to avail?
​
Wait... this wasn't just any isekai! This is the Gamer System! A promethean framework of power that morphed life into a video game complete with stats, exp, level ups, skills and perks. I had thought this would just be a regular isekai, but now things just became much, much more favourable for me. I knew how hard the Gamer System could go: World Domination to say the least, outright Godhood in some. All I needed was to be able to not die again before I reached that point.

A burst of vengeful excitement came to me as I thought about the possibilities. But I saved them for later, because the textbox was still waiting for my answer.

"Yes." I all but growled as anger and anticipation boiled together in me. A second chance at life, a second chance for change. And as the text box winked out for a few second, I silently swore to myself that this time around- I won't be so meek, so passive, or so... pathetic. No, I was going to be better than that weak nerd who died for nothing and for no one. I was going to be the opposite- I was going to take what I wanted.

Please select a destination World!

Worm
Magic: The Gathering
Warhammer 40,000
RWBY
Game of Thrones
Avatar: The Last Airbender
The Elder Scrolls
Nasuverse
Mass Effect
DC

+ R +​

...I must have eaten babies in my past lives if these are the choices. The majority of these are grimdark Deathworlds where I had a 90% chance of being killed, possessed by demons, or tormented for all eternity the first day I stepped in there, and a 10% chance to survive long enough to die to the mass extinction events in the following years.

I was going to be brave, not stupid.

"Avatar: The Last Airbender." I told the floating text box, and I couldn't fully repress the anxiousness that it might be a trick question when it looked like the sanest choice out of the rest of them. I need to move forward despite it.

World Selected!

AVATAR: THE LAST AIRBENDER

Please select which of the Four Nations you wish to be born into!
This also includes the Bending Art which you begin with.​

Northern Water Tribe : Finding strength in their traditions. The Northern Water Tribe holds the north pole territories with surprising tenacity.
Southern Water Tribe: Scattered, but not broken. The Southern Water Tribe consists of dozens of small villages across the South Pole.
Earth Kingdom: Calm and uncompromising. The Earth Kingdom is the vast collection of cities, villages and hamlets of varied cultures that span across the entire continent and its many islands.
Fire Nation: Fierce and militaristic. The Fire Nation has waged a war of aggression against the rest of the world for the last hundred years, and slowly but surely winning it.

+ R +​

"[Fire Nation]." I answered almost immediately. It was the natural choice. Good tech level, good economy, good military strength. All that on top of the advantage of being a nation at war which will undoubtedly provide plenty of opportunities to earn exp. Especially since I'll be taking a more... aggressive stance towards gaining exp. And with a bit of luck, war crimes will be an extra large source of exp. It'll certainly be a new experience for me as I had never committed a crime before, but I'll try my best.

[Fire Nation] selected!

Before reincarnation may begin, you may put points into customising your reincarnation experience. These customisations range from your socio-economic conditions to personal characteristics of your body and mind. Please choose wisely for there is no second chance on your second chance!

Your current Karma translates to 1,000 Reincarnation Points! ​

"Reincarnation Points?" I parroted with a raised brow.

That was something to keep in mind later, I suppose. But I won't let it drag me down and allow other people to have free reign dictating how I lived my life. I already tried that the previous lifetime, and I wasn't about to go through that. Never again. If the world will spit on me for practising the compassion, obedience and tolerance that they imparted to everyone since birth, then I'll just grow the backbone to spit back. This time, I wasn't going to let anyone or anything stop me. I'll reforge myself into something stronger, someone better, someone greater.

= PERK SELECTION = ​

Stat Gain Perks
Careful, you can only choose Stat Gain Perks perks now! ​
Powerful Build (400 rp): You are gifted with a naturally powerful body. Start with 15 Strength, and gain Strength twice as fast.
Agile Frame (400 rp): Quick reflexes with quicker eyes, a markedly swift combination. Start with 15 Dexterity, and gain Dexterity twice as fast.
Robust Body (400 rp): Pain and poison are no great obstacles to your tireless vigour. Start with 15 Constitution, and gain Constitution twice as fast.
Genius Mind (400 rp): You were always born for greatness, now you can list the reasons why. Start with 15 Intelligence, and gain Intelligence twice as fast.
Bending Prodigy (400 rp): Your grasp on the spiritual is stronger than most. Start with 15 Spirit, and gain Spirit twice as fast.

Stat Malus Perks
Stat Malus Perks are exclusive from their corresponding Stat Gain Perks, but Special Quests may remove them.​
Limp Noodle (+200 rp): Your body simply doesn't build muscles that fast. Gain Strength half as fast.
Oafish Frame (+200 rp): It is not that you're slow per se- you're just slow to develop coordination. Gain Dexterity half as fast.
Sickly Body (+200 rp): Your health is fragile, and illnesses haunt you. Gain Constitution half as fast.
Dull Mind (+200 rp): You were dropped on your head as a child. Gain Intelligence half as fast.
Spiritual Imbalance (+200 rp): Your connection to your bending is stunted. Gain Spirit half as fast.

Miscellaneous Perks​
Rare Special Quests may reward these perks, or... you can buy them now.
Lucky! (50 rp): Lady Luck has your back. Whenever you gamble, have the odds slightly skewed to your favour.
Siren's Voice (50 rp): Your voice is like molten chocolate in people's ears. +50% to Reputation and Affection gains from conversations.
Compass (50 rp): The power to un-lost yourself. You possess an innate, but imprecise compass towards your Quest's next objective.
Friendly Scent (50 rp): Mother Nature's Seal of Approval. Animals and Spirits will be much friendlier towards you... to an extent.
Pretty Privilege (100 rp): Oh no, he's hot! Sometimes a great body and a roguish smile are all one needs in life.
Weapon Familiarity (50 rp): Instant HEMA and Wushu. Whenever you wield a new weapon, automatically gain basic foundational proficiency on it equal to one week of continuous study and training.
Magic Fingers (50 rp): Your GF will thank you for taking this perk. All your massages are supernaturally good.
Expanded Inventory (100 rp): More space to hold your useless junk. Increase your inventory capacity from just a closet space to a pair of shipping containers

+ R +​

"A lot of these Perks are really good, but I'm short on points." I pointed out to the Gamer System, "Can I take anything to give me more points?"

Make your reincarnation experience interesting with Challenge Perks!
Pick as many as you like, or none at all.​
Conscripted! (+300 rp): Goo~ood morning, Earth Kingdom! Start your new life as a fresh recruit on the hellish frontlines.
Ripe (+200 rp): Showering won't help. Start with the [Smelly] perk.
Bad First Impressions (+200 rp): Something about you just strikes people off the first time around. Everyone starts at -10 Reputation.
Malfunction (+200 rp): A major malfunction to a critical tool. Start with the [Impotent] perk.
Marked for Death (+300 rp): A noble somewhere will keep hiring professional assassins to kill you until you find and confront the noble.
Blind (+600 rp): Like a bat, or a Toph! Start with the [Blind] perk.
Bendless (+600 rp): Powers over the Elements are for chumps. Start with the [Non-Bender] perk.
Schneider (+600 rp): Well, this *is* a Nickelodeon world... Gain more feet-related Quests.

+ R +​

"... No. Just no." I firmly refused, "It doesn't matter how high that rp bonus is. I'm not taking that Challenge perk. But I will happily take some of these..."

My Gamer System has a foot fetish... Shaking my head, I turned my attention back to making a build that see me dominating this world. It took a few minutes of mulling it over, but...

I knew my build now- what I wanted to be in this life.

An unstoppable fire-breathing warrior stomping onto the battlefield with [Powerful Build], [Agile Frame], [Robust Body], [Bending Prodigy]. That's what I was going to become: Stronger, faster, and tougher than anyone else there.... Right before I murdered everyone for exp with my bare hands. Confident in my current intelligence, I felt like I can afford to take [Dull Mind] and allow my Intelligence stat to lag behind the others. After all, I can just do the Special Quest to remove it. My only need for the Intelligence stat right was knowing the best way to leverage all of my other stats towards gaining more exp.

What I could not ignore in my build, however, was the distinct lack of Charisma stat and the dangers that could bring. That's why [Pretty Privilege] and the [Siren's Voice] were hopefully going to supply me with enough persuasive power to prevent some silver-tongued snakes from playing the social game and turn people against me.

But the biggest question remained: Was there really any rush? There was no need to take any Stat Perks, wasn't there?

I could ignore the stat gain perks, just take all the miscellaneous perks, and train until I reach godhood- ignoring any of the 2x stat gain. Except... there was the possibility that stat growth would end being geometric. As exp payouts increase, my stat growth would possibly accelerate; and eventually, the difference between taking and not taking a stat gain perk will become as stark of a contrast as night and day. It could possibly save me decades of training... I did not know how powerful this Gamer System can go- if there is even an upper ceiling of power that it could grant. But power beyond Avatar-level was a fair bet.

All I needed to do now was balancing the early game risk so that I can reach the eventual late game payoff in raw power.

"Risk and reward..." I muttered to myself just for a moment before making my choices.

Selection made. Please confirm...

Origin Story​
Fire Nation: You were born unto the Fire Nation and its colonial territories. Fierce and militaristic. The Fire Nation has waged a war of aggression against the rest of the world for the last hundred years, and slowly but surely winning it.

Stat Gain Perks​
Careful, you can only choose Stat Gain Perks perks now!
Powerful Build (400 rp): You are gifted with a naturally powerful body. Start with 15 Strength, and gain Strength twice as fast.
Agile Frame (400 rp): Quick reflexes with quicker eyes, a markedly swift combination. Start with 15 Dexterity, and gain Dexterity twice as fast.
Robust Body (400 rp): Pain and poison are no great obstacles to your tireless vigour. Start with 15 Constitution, and gain Constitution twice as fast.
Bending Prodigy (400 rp): Your grasp on the spiritual is stronger than most. Start with 15 Spirit, and gain Spirit twice as fast.

Stat Malus Perks​
Dull Mind (+200 rp): You were dropped on your head as a child. Gain Intelligence half as fast.


Miscellaneous Perks​
Compass (50 rp): The power to un-lost yourself. You possess an innate, but imprecise compass towards your Quest's next objective.
Expanded Inventory (100 rp): More space to hold your useless junk. Increase your inventory capacity from just a closet space to a pair of shipping containers
Weapon Familiarity (50 rp): Instant HEMA and Wushu. Whenever you wield a new weapon, automatically gain basic foundational proficiency on it equal to one week of continuous study and training.
Pretty Privilege (100 rp): Oh no, he's hot! Sometimes a great body and a roguish smile are all one needs in life.
Magic Fingers (50 rp): Your GF will thank you for taking this perk. All your massages are supernaturally good.
Siren's Voice (50 rp): Your voice is like molten chocolate in people's ears. +50% to Reputation and Affection gains from conversations.

Challenge Perks​
Conscripted! (+300 rp): Goo~ood morning, Earth Kingdom! Start your new life as a fresh recruit on the hellish frontlines.
Bad First Impressions (+200 rp): Something about you just strikes people off the first time around. Everyone starts at -10 Reputation.
Marked for Death (+300 rp): A noble somewhere will keep hiring professional assassins to kill you until you find and confront the noble.​

+ R +
​
"Confirmed..." I replied to the text box as I steadied myself. "Is that all? Do I drop in now?"

Customise your appearance and give yourself a name.​

I grinned with relish. Time to sculpt an appearance to match my capabilities.

(A few hours later) [Earth Kingdom wilderness, South of Omashu]

"Onwards, you deer-dogs! For the Glory of the Fire Nation!"

In these dusty badlands of arid valleys, a battle was being fought over this nameless little hamlet. The noon sun was blistering high in the sky as the black and red uniforms of the charging Fire Nation soldiers contrasted with the green and yellow uniforms of the Earth Kingdom militia. The metallic clash of blades, the constant rumble of rocks being shifted and the roar of flames being launched. A Fire Nation offensive crashing against defending Earth Kingdom forces- a tale that has been repeated over and over again for the last 98 years. Killing each other over a stockpile of grain and water that had more value than the entire hamlet's collection of orange clay houses... or the civilians cowering inside.

The Fire Nation was- without a doubt- waging war of aggression, and I had joined on the side of aggression...

"Khan!" A Fire Nation soldier called out to me- a messenger hawk on his forearm, "The Captain says we wheel towards the northern side of the village!"

... And I loved it.

"I'm on it!" I barked out an acknowledgement before waded through the battlefield like a grown man would a kiddie pool. Standing at 7 feet tall (2.13 m), I towered over everyone else in my faceless red and black armour- even the tallest among the crowd barely reached my chest, and it only made that analogy seem more accurate. I was an armoured giant that struck an intimidating figure on the battlefield, everyone else may as well been children playing at war. Every move I made turned heads, both ally and enemy; and the fear in Earth Kingdom milita's eyes was palpable as I approached.

But to be frank, this had been a mild miscalculation on my part.

Name: Khan "The Giant"
Level: 1
Level exp: 128/250
Rank: Private First Class. 41st Division, Fire Nation Army.
HP: 296/400
Strength: 15 (+3)
Dexterity: 15 (+1)
Constitution: 15 (+2)
Intelligence: 0
Spirit: 15 (+1)
* Finish Combat to acquire Stat Points *
+ R +
​
I wasn't as strong as I looked, not yet at least. Right now, my size was mostly cosmetic thanks to my unique Gamer physiology: In reality, I was only a few short steps stronger than a nameless Fire Nation soldier mook, more of a trained athlete than anything superhuman. That fact only highlighted that some caution was in order, because I'm certain that my meagre strength wasn't anywhere near sufficient to best a named character in the Avatar series and their metres-thick plot armour. But eventually...

One day soon, I'll grow into my new body, fill it up with enough strength to tear down the heavens and impose my own order on the world.

Until then however, all my great height did was put me at a disadvantage- rocks got launched at me and struck at the very large target that my body posed. My height also seemed to give Fire Nation officers a vast overestimation of my current prowess, going so far as to give me the moniker 'Khan the Giant' despite being fresh off the boat just two hours ago. Worse still, this battle had us outnumbered 3-to-1, and despite Fire Nation soldiers having more rigorous training, that was still some odds when the Captain's only orders were 'charge' while he just stayed back in his command tent on the hill.

Real life military officers can't be that much of a crayon-eating moron, can they?

I've never been even fit enough for the army, but even I knew that level of incompetence must be impossible. This must be the work of the [Conscripted!] perk no doubt- dropping me into the action at the very start. And I had a feeling that if I hadn't built for combat, I would very much be in trouble right about now. But I had built for combat, and now, such an exciting start in life only proved to be an advantage.

My red-armoured fist gripped my chosen weapon tight, and readied to deal violence.

(Common) [Iron Meteor Hammer]
A melee weapon consisting of a solid metal ball suspended at the end of a 6-metres-long chain. The ball is swung around at great speeds to build deadly momentum before sending hurtling towards the enemy. Its reach is unmatched by any other melee weapon, and its chained nature means that it cannot be blocked or parried like a normal blade- essentially forming a massive threat zone that demands respect from its foes. However, the meteor hammer is hampered by its slow attack speed due to the wind up required to gather force for each strike; and requires both high Strength and Dexterity to wield properly.

Weapon Proficiency: Lvl 4 - Novice
At high proficiency levels, the meteor hammer becomes an extremely versatile and unpredictable weapon. The long chain becomes a fearsome weapon in its own right as it is used to bind limbs, trip feet, trap weapons or constrict around necks with ease. Meanwhile, the metal ball can crush straight through rock and armour alike while also permitting powerful strikes at oblique angles of attack that would be nigh impossible with conventional weapons.

+ R +​

Those spear-wielding Earth Kingdom clowns didn't see it coming. Literally.

When faced with a large opponent, one's eyes usually lock straight at him, so it was easy to get blindsided by something else. A melon-sized, 12 kg metal ball was surprisingly hard to spot when it approached so fast from angles you don't normally look at. Factor in my meagre Dexterity, and I was just accurate enough to guide my weapon to the more vulnerable points of the human body. Knees were shattered, jaws were broken, and ribs were cracked at my passing through.

[Rock Throw], -13 hp!
[Rock Throw], -8 hp!
HP: 296 -> 275​

Some fought back with their weapons and earthbending, of course. Attempting to counterattack in between the relatively slow revolutions that my [Iron Meteor Hammer] took, but that was where my [Firebending] came in as a... deterrent. Nothing quite gives people pause than a blast of flame- stopping them in their tracks at just the right distance for them to take a meteor hammer to the cheek. It was a fighting style that served me well today.

Defeated {Earth Nation Militia Recruit}, +4 exp!
Defeated {Earth Nation Militia Earthbender}, +8 exp!
Defeated {Earth Nation Militia Recruit}, +5 exp!
...
+5 exp... +7 exp... +6 exp... +5 exp... +8 exp... +6 exp... +5 exp... +4 exp...​

The nice steady stream of exp arrived as the enemy's untrained peasants were distracted by their broken bones long enough for the Fire Nation soldiers following in the wake of my violence to deal a killing blow. Did I feel bad about killing enemies who were essentially hungry peasants press-ganged into military service? Well, if they didn't want to be killed, then perhaps they shouldn't be such a convenient and easy source of exp.

Meteor Hammer Weapon Proficiency is now Level 5 - Apprentice! New skill unlocked!

[Meteor Hammer: Wind Up] - Take time to focus on building up momentum and empower your meteor hammer's next strike to hit with greater force. As your weapon proficiency increases, Wind Up can be upgraded to either build up momentum quicker or attain a higher maximum power bonus.​

A fairly useful skill. It was a nice time all around until I found myself standing in the shadow... that was apparently cast by the half dozen boulders arcing high above the air towards me- each one the size of a washing machine. It would seem that some Earthbender was given time to set up, how unfortunate. I exploded into movement- weaving from underneath each boulder as they smashed into the ground with the force to kill even me. Possibly.

Dodge save successful! (15/7 Dexterity Required)​

"Giant! I will be your opponent!" A voice angrily shouted at me as the dust settled and I was revealed to still be alive.

Name: ???
Level: 5~
Rank: Earth Kingdom Lieutenant
HP: ????/????
Strength: ???
Dexterity: ???
Constitution: ???
Intelligence: ???
Spirit: ???

It would seem that an actual enemy of note found me. He certainly had better armour than all the rabble I've encountered. A green lamellar plate, a plumed-helmet and sneer of superiority on his goateed face as he calmly walked towards me. The remaining troops, both Fire Nation and Earth Kingdom, stopped fighting as they saw their 'leaders' agreeing to settle this with a duel. Both sides of soldiers just looking at the two of us while warily glancing at each other every so often in a sort of soldier's truce.

They were leaving it up to me then? Very well.

"What is your name, o' worthy opponent?" I shouted to the Earth Kingdom Lieutenant as I quietly did my [Wind Up] skill, which consisted of swinging my meteor hammer in a wide circle over my head. With each revolution the metal ball made, I could feel its power grow- straining against my grip and almost creaking the metal chain like a rabid dog rebelling against its owner.

Meanwhile... My opponent just stood and talked.

"Worthy?" the well-armoured Earthbender lieutenant spat, "You- the invader who has come to our lands to prey upon the innocent like locusts- think yourself a noble warrior in search of a worthy opponent? You are nothing more than an arrogant insect who has learned the tongue of man! Well, carve the name of your exterminator to your heart, pest; I am Lieutenant-"

* Critical Hit! *​

His head burst like a ripe melon as my meteor hammer impacted against the side of his head- so fast that even I could barely keep track of it too. His shattered and bloody helmet clattered in the distance as the surrounding troops were showered by the explosion of blood and gore.

"You speak too much for someone on a battlefield." I muttered out loud as his headless body limply crumpled to the ground.

Defeated {Earth Kingdom Lieutenant}, +22 exp!
Overkill! (+60%) , Cool One-Liner! (+5%) , Monologue Interruption (-60%): +1 exp!​

I get exp for style points too? Very nice. But apparently, interrupting monologues was not stylish. I can respect that. Besides, I can make up the difference easily enough anyway... I turned my attention to the horrified Earth nation troops who were looking like pretty easy exp. "Now it's your turn."

"Wait, I surrender!" The closest man cried out, his eyes wide in fear as he threw down his spear as if it burned him. The sound of his weapon clattering to the ground seemed to trigger the avalanche too as more shouts of surrender rang out in a wave.

"I surrender!" "I surrender!" "I surrender!" "I surrender!"​

Seeing their opponents surrendering and on their knees, the Fire Nation soldiers turned to look at me with victorious smiles and added their own shouts of adulation to the battlefield as they raised their weapons high.

"Giant!" "The Firelord's Giant!" "Giant!" "Giant!"​

For almost single-handedly bringing about a Fire Nation victory on the battlefield...
{41st Division} Reputation : -10 -> 5
{41st Division} Obedience : 0 -> 10
{Fire Nation} Reputation : -10 -> -8
{Earth Kingdom} Reputation : -10 -> -25
{Earth Kingdom} Infamy: 0 -> 5​

This must be how Aang and the gang feel after they've saved the day.

It certainly felt good to be recognised for my accomplishments, and what felt even better was the rewards. Those twin prizes of [Reputation] and [Obedience] will be vital in paving the way for my eventual coming into power and running the world. People can make a lot of valid criticisms about Fire Lord Ozai, but he did have the right mind when it came to style: 'Phoenix King' did sound like a nice title... or not. I'll have to think about it when I eventually take over.

Combat concluded... updating stats.​

Name: Khan "The Giant"
Level: 1
Level exp: 467/500
Rank: Private First Class. 41st Division, Fire Nation Army.
HP: 277/400
Strength: 15 -> 20
Dexterity: 15 -> 18
Constitution: 15 -> 18
Intelligence: 0
Spirit: 15 -> 17

+ R +​

So very close to a level up... Looks like I was blue-balled in more ways than one.

"Enjoy your victory while it lasts, Fire Nation scum!" One of the newest prisoners of war taunted me while he was still kneeling on the dirt- some grey-bearded old sod who looked vaguely familiar too. "You may have defeated us in battle, but you will never defeat Earth Kingdom's spirit! The Avatar will come and wipe you from our land! He has done so once, he will do so again!"

I think this old man just volunteered to help me level up. How kind of him.

"That's cute of you to think that you're living through this." I grinned at him as I swung my meteor hammer around- building up momentum. "I think I recall who you are now... You're Haru's father, aren't you? The one that Katara and the Avatar freed from the prison rig."

At the mention of both his identity and his previous history, he immediately changed tune.

"Wait, I surrendered!" he cried out.

"Then maybe you shouldn't have run your rebellious mouth." I nodded, "Keep the underworld warm, would you kindly? I'm sure your son will follow in your footsteps soon enough."

The look of horror on the man's face was the last expression he ever made. The metal ball impacted against his chest- collapsing his ribcage and pulping his heart. Give me the exp!

Defeated {Earth Kingdom POW}, +0 exp!​

Zero exp?! Game, what the hell?!

Base exp rewards are calculated through estimated combat difficulty. Prisoners of War pose no challenge combat-wise. The exp rewards correspond to such.​

"Have mercy, please!" "Spare us!" "Please, we won't rebel anymore!"​

"No! Pick up your weapons and fight me!" I roared at the now surrendered prisoners, but alas, no one was feeling brave enough. Their hands in the air, the surrendered Earth Kingdom militia refused to meet my eyes. And that only made me more frustrated, there must be at least 30 of them here- that was at least 150 exp that I could have gotten instead if they just kept fighting. I just needed a measly 33 exp!

For appearing to be a bloodthirsty battle-maniac...
{41st Division} Obedience : 10 -> 15
{Earth Kingdom} Obedience : 1 -> 2​

"Private Khan, uh... sir?" The Fire Nation soldier with the messenger hawk hesitantly called my attention, "The Captain has ordered you to report to his command tent."

I just pushed the frustration and my meteor hammer down for now, and everyone around me breathed a sigh of relief.

"Very well." I replied as I marched towards the command tent sitting on that hill. "But that cowardly pig had better have something worthwhile to say..."

(A few minutes later) [Captain's Command Tent]

"That's it?" I snapped angrily- the boom of my voice filling the small, but luxuriously decorated tent interior, "You made me come all the way here to get me to write a glowing testimony about your 'heroics' in this battle?"

Imagine for a moment a stereotypical fat, greedy tax collector from a fantasy world... Now squeeze him in the red and black Fire Nation uniform that's a size too small for him, and you have {Captain Tuan}. Certainly not a name I recognise from canon, and for that reason, I couldn't care less for his existence beyond how this pathetic waste of space wasn't exactly in my good books right now. I knew his type- he was the type of boss to overwork the people below him so that he could coast on their hard work and claim the credit. I wasn't about to allow that to happen to me this time around, especially so when he was being an obstacle on my path to power.

Name: Tuan
Level: 3
Rank: Fire Nation Captain, 41st Division
HP: ????/????
Strength: ???
Dexterity: ???
Constitution: ???
Intelligence: ???
Spirit: ???

"Careful with your tone, Private." Captain Tuan tutted- aiming a warning stare at me for a second or two before going back to eating his roast turtle-duck. "We wouldn't want you punished for insubordination so soon after being deployed."

The two {Firebender Bodyguards} shifted a bit as they stood beside the Captain. A clear threat to me.

"And yes, I do expect you to write that testimony." he continued, "No better witness to how I duelled the Earth Kingdom officer and made the rest of the forces surrender than the up-and-coming Corporal who was there to witness it first hand, hmm?"

"Corporal?" I parroted, and Captain Tuan gave a duck fat-stained smile.

"Corporal Khan... it does have a nice ring to it, doesn't it?" He hummed- wiping his mouth, "You seem like a strapping young lad with healthy career ambitions, so allow me to give you free advice: What I'm offering you now is practically a gift from the spirits seeing as you're just a fresh recruit! You should be on your hands and knees thanking me for my generosity."

...In the Avatar The Last Airbender show, they had made some of the Fire Nation officers almost cartoonishly evil. It would seem that was still true now that I'm here. Rage bubbling at the thought of being forced to bow and scrape to morons in power once again, rising hatred for his stupid grease-stained face and just 33 exp shy of finally levelling up. Considering all those factors, I only had one thing to say.

"Captain Tuan, for your conspiracy to forge military documents and general incompetence, I'm arresting you in the name of the Fire Nation."

The Captain just blinked once before snorting out a cruel laugh.

"Ha! I don't think so. Arrest this insubordinate green horn."

I was a firm believer that this was where unarmed combat shone best: spontaneous violence. Even with the Bending Arts, some set up was required: proper stance, precise breathing, and maybe a good mindset. A punch with an armoured fist flying at 30 kilometres per hour didn't need any of those considerations, and it bought me half a second over my opponent since it was not something you usually expect standing almost metre away from someone. Backed up by my considerable Strength and Dexterity to it, the punch knocked the {Firebender Bodyguard} straight on her ass with a concussion before he even knew what was happening.

Subdued {Firebender Bodyguard}, +6 exp!

[Fire-Jab], -49 hp!
HP: 268 -> 219
​
But still, it was two versus one, and the Captain the {Firebender Bodyguard} to land a hit with his bending before I rounded on him with an armoured backhand hard enough to dent his iron helmet and send him tumbling to the ground.

Subdued {Firebender Bodyguard}, +7 exp!​

I reached out at the slow-to-react Captain and slammed his face onto the edge of his dining table- loose, bloody teeth clattering to the fine carpets before I began dragging him out of his tent by his topknot.

"No! Stop this!" He groaned out through a bloodied mouth, trying to struggle against my grip, "I'm a Fire Nation Army Captain! You can't kill me! The entire camp will turn against you! You'll be executed for treason!"

And as if to prove his words, the entire encampment watched- muttering and whispering- as I dragged the Captain into the centre of the camp like some prize hog I caught.

"What's he doing to the Captain?" "Should we stop this?" "Is the Giant a traitor?"

However, I already had a rather simple plan.

"Captain Tuan!" I loudly proclaimed for the rest of the camp to hear, "For the conspiracy to forge military documents, the embezzlement of funds from the unit's pay and general incompetence, I challenge you to an Agni Kai!"

"He's embezzling funds from OUR WHAT?!" "Bury him alive!" "Feed him to the pig-deers!"

The cry of outrage was soon echoed by the rest of the Fire Nation soldiers. And as the enraged soldiers loudly bayed for Captain Tuan's blood, he paled in fear and looked at me.

"H-how did you know?!"

"Oh, you really did embezzle funds?" I grinning widely- all teeth underneath my helmet, "I was going to lie about it to have a reason, but thank you for confirming. Don't get me wrong. I wasn't doing this for the Fire Nation. I was doing it because I really wanted you dead. So, I hope your Ozai Style is really good, because I'm pretty confident with mine."

"M-mercy..." Captain Tuan seemed to pale even further at that. We both knew that this was as good as an execution, just with a few extra steps.

Now, it was just a question of how much Reputation and exp I can squeeze out of his corpulent body before he expires.

(Two hours later) [Two hundred kilometres south]

"There she is..." The hunchbacked old fisherman told them, "The mainland."

Suki took a deep breath and closed her eyes, trying to drink in the sensations that she's feeling right now; because who knows how long it'll be before an islander girl like her will ever get to see the ocean again?

The sea breeze running through her auburn hair, the salty spray of ocean on her white painted face and the gentle rocking of the boat beneath her armoured feet. Something told her that it was going to be a while before she experienced these things again. Opening her blue eyes, Suki looked to the horizon and saw nothing but green leafy foliage on a yellow sanded beach that stretched from East to West without end. If she was being honest, it was more than slightly intimidating for someone like her who had only lived on a small island her entire life.

...But at least, she wasn't alone.

"Well, here we officially are, sisters." She said as she turned around to smile to her squad- to her family, "Kyoshi Warriors on the Earth Kingdom mainland... who would have thought this day would come."

Looking at her sisters-in-arms, all clad in the same ceremonial green armour as she was... it gave her strength and hope. Because although they had broken the sacred tradition of peaceful isolationism as taught to them by Avatar Kyoshi, they did it for the right reasons and they did it together, and that's what mattered.

"Maybe the Avatar?" one of them chirped, her red painted lips stretched in a wide smile, and Suki laughed softly at the thought.

"Aang? Having that much foresight and wisdom?!" She smiled mirthfully, "I don't think so, I'm sure we'll be a big surprise if we ever run into him again. But I think he'll be happy to see us shake off tradition to help fight the war."

"I bet Sokka would be happy to see you too, Suki~"

"H-hey!" Suki squawked in embarrassment, It was good that her cheeks were painted a pure white or else her blush could be seen. But her sisters-in-arms just giggled at her reaction.

"Oh Suki, you're so easy to tease!"

"Ahem, can we just focus on our mission instead of teasing me?" She just pouted and her sisters giggled one last time before calming down.

"Sure, Suki. Sure." they chorused- all smiles, and Suki just shook her head with a fond smile herself before turning her attention to the old fisherman.

"Uncle, can you tell us the route again?" Suki prompted him. He nodded and turned to face the rest of the Kyoshi Warriors.

"Like I said to the little missy." the bald, but bearded fisherman yapped, "If you want to reach Ba Sing Se, you only got one option that doesn't see you dying of thirst in the Great Desert or getting your boat looted by pirates, and that's Omashu. Once you get there, there's a road heading northeast. You take that all the way to Full Moon Bay and take a ferry across the East Lake straight to Ba Sing Se."

That should have been the end of it, but the old man sighed- stroking his grey beard before continuing.

"I won't sugarcoat it... even though you got lots of little Earth Kingdom villages lining the road north, it's still a miserable, months-long trek to the city of Omashu. I'd sail you directly to the city, but the Fire Nation has gotten really jumpy ever since the Avatar came back and this boat is all I have left, and..."

"It's alright, uncle. We understand, thank you for getting us this far." Suki reassured him with a gentle smile. "We can handle ourselves. Isn't that right, sisters?!"

"Yeah!" The five others cheered.

"Kyoshi Warriors!" Suki barked in command, and her sisters-in-arms crisply snapped to attention in unison. "Elder Oyaji may have disagreed about Kyoshi Island's participation in this war; but long ago, Avatar Kyoshi was the one to bring balance to the world. And today, we- her humble followers- will walk in her footsteps! Proud inheritors of the great legacy of Avatar Kyoshi! Focus together as one, and there is nothing that the Fire Nation can throw at us that we can't handle! We will complete our journey across the mainland, lend our martial skill to the Earth King at Ba Sing Se and beat. the. Fire Nation. BACK!"

With a flourish, her battle fan extended out to point at the mainland.

"So I say: 'Send them all, Fire Lord Ozai!' Send your greatest warriors, your most elite troops and they will not best the Kyoshi Warriors! Focus together as one!"

"As one!"

Suki looked at her sisters' eager faces and saw that despite the fighting spirit overflowing in their eyes, they still kept their discipline. It was at that moment that Suki knew that they were unstoppable. They were going to make this journey unscathed. They were going to be alright.

(Meanwhile)

"It does smell like pork!" My booming voice declared to the rest of the 41st Division.

Around a great collection of fires, we feasted; and it was at the largest one where I sat in front of that the former {Captain Tuan} was currently being roasted on a great spit- a thick log piercing him from anus to mouth as I rotated over an open fire. My personal handiwork- when I said that I'll squeeze every drop of exp from our former CO, I really meant it. It was all thanks to him that I had gained the last exp needed to level up, other useful skills, and the supplies to feed our ostrich-horse mounts!

Skill Level up: [Cooking]! Lvl 2 -> Lvl 3
Skill Level up: [Animal Taming]! Lvl 1 -> Lvl 2​

"Well, if any of our ostrich-horses didn't already have a taste for traitors, they certainly will tonight!" I laughed, and the men laughed along- likely just the alcohol. I had distributed his rather large collection of wines to the men as celebration, and his hoard of gold as their bonuses. Such distribution of wealth gave me a lot of Reputation and Obedience with them.

For casually displaying indescribable cruelty in front of your men and servants...
{41st Division} Reputation : 30 -> 27
{41st Division} Obedience : 20 -> 50
{Servants} Obedience : 0 -> 40
{Earth Kingdom} Infamy: 5 -> 15​

Now, Captain Tuan gave me even more. I take it back, he was such a swell guy! It makes me almost wish that I didn't impale him while he was still alive.

"41st Division!" I proclaimed as I stood up and everyone's eyes went to me. "Eat, drink and celebrate. Because from tomorrow onwards, we're not just going to complete our mission, we're also going to make the entire Earth Kingdom live in terror of us!"

The troops- wholeheartedly agreeing- raised their tankards and filled the night air with shouts and roars of praise, while our new POW-servants just bowed their heads subserviently. I looked up at the starry night sky and made a vow: This world was going to be mine, everything and everyone in it.

...

"... Do you really think everything will be okay, Suki?"

"Yeah, it will. We have each other, don't we? Sisters forever."

"Sisters forever."
​
- Ignite into Being End -
​

AN:

Poor, poor Suki... But really good for us, because I'm explicitly aiming to see how regularly I can churn out smut. I hope you guys like a bit of corruption.

Just testing something out... Namely, what can I churn out if I just turn my brain off while writing, and how fast can I do it. While also inserting lewds more regularly.

For those that read my other fic... Yes, this is pretty much just Hev. I didn't know how to connect him to ATLA without making him massively OP and stomping everything with no sense of progression. Also, I wanted to try a bit more dubcon and see if that's more fun to write, and more entertaining to read.
Last edited: Jun 21, 2023
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Thepowerofgodandanime, Ghjikl, Michael_1992 and 1,536 others
Infonticus
Jan 31, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 2: Khan versus the Kyoshi Warriors
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Feb 2, 2023
Add bookmark
#130
Chapter 2: Khan versus the Kyoshi Warriors
[41st Division Encampment, South of Omashu]

I'm positive that Fire Nation Command will overlook the fact that I had a commissioned officer impaled through the anus, roasted and fed to the Ostrich-Horses!

All I have to do is prove that I'm more competent at getting results than he was- which was a low bar if we're going to be honest- and bribe them with pillaged Earth Kingdom goods. No sweat. It was after combing through the former captain's correspondence that I found out just how I was going to impress them with my competency. was going to complete the mission that the 41st Division was supposed to do in this region.

Our purpose was very simple really: Act as live bait.

It was a fairly clever strategy, I'll give Fire Lord Ozai that much. Let me explain. The 41st Division was supposed to land in this area and harass Earth Kingdom towns between {Omashu}- the second greatest stronghold of the Earth Kingdom- and {Gaoling}- Toph's wealthy hometown to the East. The Earth Kingdom, seeing the disruption on one of their most vital trade routes, will be forced to commit forces away from their strongholds to stamp us out... just long enough for the Fire Nation to assault Omashu itself. Fire Nation Command fully meant for us to be eventually surrounded and annihilated by an overwhelming number of Earth Kingdom forces; but in doing so, it will make every surrounding Earth Kingdom fortress undermanned and ripe for assault.

New Quest:
RAID AND PILLAGE

Main Objective: Completely disrupt the Gailong-Omashu trade route

Rewards:
Large Reputation increase with the {Fire Nation}
Massive bonus exp
Legendary Item x2

+ R +​

I was going to raid and pillage anyway, but now I'm doubly eager to do it now! Thank you, Game! Legendary items right off the bat, what a treat!

Moreover, it was a good feeling participating in a canon event in the show, however indirectly. None of Captain Tuan's letters mention anything about it, but for someone who knows how the ATLA timeline goes, it was easy to see that the fortress that the Fire Nation wanted was none other than {Omashu}, King Bumi's domain. It was there that you could see the broad strokes of Fire Lord Ozai's Grand Master Plan™ and likely with input from Daddy's Little Girl™, Azula. I could even appreciate the simple elegance of the plan... apart from the fact that I was part of the live bait, of course.

It'll be fine. After I level up a few times and whip the 41st Division into shape, there will not be an Earth Kingdom army strong enough to defeat us.

I looked out to the encampment- to their eager little faces.

"Make some space!" I boomed to them, "We're going to do some training."

(Later that noon)

The 41st Division was an infantry division.

That meant that we had none of those cool metal tanks that could climb vertical cliff faces, or powerful rhinos that could uproot trees or even the nimble Ostrich-Horses... just infantry fresh from boot camp- cheap and disposable with a barebones logistics platoon. The fighting force of this division consisted of three platoons of {Fire Nation Recruits}, one platoon of {Firebender Recruits}, and several barely-trained {Ostrich-Horse Scouts} on Ostrich-Horses that we claimed in the last few days. More of a company than a division, but I couldn't expect Fire Nation military organisation to be 1-to-1 with Earth's.

But the point I was trying to make was that they were utter shit.

Frankly, I would have just written this entire division off as cannon fodder that wouldn't even win against a squad of little girls if not for one thing: Me.

At the centre of the encampment, three fully-armoured Fire nation soldiers stood on shaky legs as they panted from exertion and a bruise or two. And after sparring with almost half the division all morning, I was almost in the same boat to be honest. Who knew that the [Weapon Proficiency] perk which gave me a working understanding of every weapon I held was extremely useful in training people? Specifically, it granted a "Lvl 3 proficiency - Novice" in any weapon, and it was a really sad indicator to know that even at a paltry 'Novice' level proficiency, I still had a lot to teach these recruits.

Subdued {Fire Nation Recruit}, +2 exp!
Subdued {Fire Nation Recruit}, +0 exp!
Subdued {Fire Nation Recruit}, +1 exp!

Spear Weapon Proficiency is now Level 4 - Novice!​

I tossed the spear that I was sparring with them back onto the rack, and turned towards the three trainees to give my final critique for the day.

"You're a spineless, pale pathetic lot. And you haven't got a clue. Number 12... grow some balls, your knees are still bending inwards when you block. Number 185... I don't care if your tits are getting in the way, engage your pecs when you go for the lunge. Number 98... Adequate skill, but work on your stamina- Earth Kingdom geriatrics could outpace you. Dismissed!"

"Sir, thank you, sir!"

For demonstrating martial knowledge and building rapport with the troops...
{41st Division} Reputation : 27 -> 37
{41st Division} Obedience : 50 -> 55

+ R +

Trainer Level 5 Reached - New Skill Perk Unlocked!
Group Comprehension (Passive): Monkey see, Monkey do. Train up to (6) students at a time without suffering training speed penalties.​

It's funny how a little public execution, destroying an Earth Kingdom platoon and almost two extra feet in height could make you so respectable. But they were listening and obeying me, and that was what mattered. If I keep this up, the {41st Division} might actually become a force to be reckoned with. But that was a long road to travel down on, because if Aang and his friends dropped by right now, they'd definitely wipe the floor with the 41st. Not that it was possible, the Winter Solstice was just 2-3 days from now. The Gaang should be on the way to Fire Sage island to converse with Roku about the Sozin's Comet. We still had time to train and complete [Quest: Raid and Pillage].

I can already taste those two Legendary reward items...

"Khan, sir..." Captain Tuan's former {Firebender Bodyguard} saluted as she stopped in front of me. "Our questioning of the villagers has concluded. We now know the locations of at least four other villages in the area, as well as the route where the trade caravans pass through, it's further east in the forests by a small river, about three day's travel from here."

"... so why didn't they make their village right along that route instead of out here in the middle of nowhere with barren soil and zero water?"

"The villagers mentioned that this place used to be fertile land when a river flowed here just a few decades ago... they couldn't bear to relocate from their home."

"They're stubborn idiots clinging to their ways even if it meant their entire family starved or died of thirst." I grunted in understanding, "Order the men to loot the village of anything that's valuable. The villagers are now our sla- I mean, indentured servants of the Fire Nation Army. If there are any carpenters and woodworkers among the villagers, have them build carts out of their wooden doors and tables. Any Ostrich-Horse the villagers own should be used to pull them. The 41st Division must become more mobile if we are to survive behind enemy lines."

"Sir, we do not have the supplies to support this many people. Even without the villagers, we might have ten days at most... otherwise, just two. Further exacerbating our situation is that our next resupply is scheduled two weeks from now, and with how stretched our supply lines have been, we should expect delays."

"So, either way, we're short on supplies." I groaned in frustration, "Tell me, did the thought of hunting wildlife ever occur to Tuan or you?"

"They... didn't teach us how to do that in boot camp, sir?"

I narrowed my eyes at her.

"So if I hadn't taken over, Captain Tuan really was going to run this unit to the ground and let us starve, wasn't he?"

"... Yes, sir."

"Ugh..." I sighed- palming my helmet with an armoured hand. I just knew that if I had let that fat cat live, he definitely would have given me a quest to forage for food, no doubt. Now that I was the boss though, I could just delegate, but this was a good time to scout around with my own eyes since all our current scouts were damn new at their jobs.

"Just... focus on those carts." I told her as I picked up my [Iron Meteor Hammer]- the ball and chain rattled in my fist as I walked past her. "I'll go secure some food."

And without another word, I jogged off into the distance.

(Later that dusk)

Here's a fun fact: Did you know that a single field-dressed deer could feed up to 200 people? Well, I just killed half a herd just to be on the safe side! Twenty-three of them to be exact, their carcasses perfectly preserved in the bullshit that was the Gamer System Inventory. That and a massive amount of assorted flowers, berries, and every suspicious looking mushroom that I came across. I'm glad that I took [Expanded Inventory] then because I don't think this would have fit in the space of a storage shed.

Skill Level up: [Herbalism]! Lvl 1 -> Lvl 2​

Tonics, poultices and poisons... Here I come!

Speaking of the Gamer System, I suppose I have held off levelling up enough.

Level up Achieved!​

Name: Khan "The Giant"
Level: 1 -> 2
Level exp: 174/500
Rank: Private First Class. 41st Division, Fire Nation Army.
HP: 400/400
Strength: 20 -> 22
Dexterity: 18 -> 20
Constitution: 18 -> 20
Intelligence: 0 -> 1
Spirit: 17 -> 19
* 1 Perk Points Available.*
(Increase Intelligence to earn more Perk points per level!)

+ R +

Strength Level 20 Reached - New Perks Available!
Power Move (Passive): You don't 'run.' You kick the ground until it takes you where you want to go. On top of your Dexterity, add 25% Strength to your running speed and jumping height.
Furor of Furious Fury (Active): Angry caveman powers, activate! For the next 4 strikes you make, your strength is doubled.

Dexterity Level 20 Reached - New Perks Available!
Parkour Prodigy (Passive): Running? On the ground?! Like some peasant!?! Double your Dexterity bonus while performing parkour.
Riposte (Passive): A skill distilled from a billion hours in Soulsborne games. Attacking directly after a successful parry now carries a guaranteed crit.

Constitution Level 20 Reached - New Perks Available!
Iron Gut (Passive): Not to be confused with iron abs. Double your Endurance bonus to resist Poisons, Toxins and illnesses.
Clench! (Passive): Brace your glutes! You gain 10% damage reduction for all attacks that you see coming.

* 1 Perk Points Available.*

+ R +​

Six very useful perks... and I could only buy one of them. This was not a good omen.

If reaching stat milestones made two perks available for purchase, I will definitely not have enough Perk Points to purchase them all. Now I knew for certain that I made a grave mistake crippling the progression of my Intelligence stat with [Dull Mind]. I desperately needed more Intelligence stat for more perk points, and the current rate of increase for intelligence was far too slow. I can easily imagine that my enemies will be scaling with me by level, rather than by how many perks I've purchased. And eventually, they just might surpass me in power. This is just like Skyrim or Fallout 4 all over again! So many perks, but not enough perk points! It's infuriating!

The Perk [Power Move] Purchased!

* 0 Perk Points Available.*​

For the moment however, the perk [Power Move] seems like the best fit for my current fighting style: Keeping opponents powerless at a distance while I thrash them with my meteor hammer. Moreover, the ability to quickly reposition on the battlefield should not be underestimated. But a part of me still yearned for that [Parkour Prodigy].

"... I could have been a giant flipping ninja." I muttered to myself in dismay. "I need more perk points. Game, where is that quest to remove the [Dull Mind] perk?"

= Right here, my Lord. =

New Quest:
THE JOURNEY FOR INTELLIGENCE

Main Objective: Impress {Wan Shi Tong} with 100 books for his library.
Reward: Removal of the [Dull Mind] perk

Optional Objective: Impress {Wan Shi Tong} with 20 books you authored yourself
Reward: [Able Mind]

+ R +​

Wan Shi Tong? The Owl Spirit of Knowledge curating his personal library in the Si Wong Desert?

Hmmm... That's a very generous quest seeing as I just need to pillage 100 books from various libraries around the Earth Kingdom and deliver them to the library.

As for the 20 books that I need to write myself however... It would be difficult, but doable. I will need to tackle that problem with a bit more creativity since I did not have much in the way of worthwhile knowledge, but I'm sure some smart and learned people out in the world will let me borrow theirs. I just need to find them, imprison them, and conduct a few interviews at knifepoint... and voila- I have memoirs and biographies and first-hand accounts of events. And who said writing books was hard? But first things first...

I glanced up at the sky that was soon turning into night.

... I needed to go back to the encampment, and teach the men how to sing 'I'll make a man out of you.'

Training the troops to a good standard... my own power levelling... The [Quest: Raid and Pillage] to earn the Fire Nation's continued support and some legendary loot... and now, the [Quest: Journey for Intelligence] to stop myself from being stupid, I certainly had my hands full, didn't I? Getting the ball rolling on this 'Take over the world' master plan was certainly a lot more work than I expected it to be. But when the alternative was letting stubborn backwards morons keep running the world, I couldn't begrudge it at all. How unfortunate it is that one couldn't make an omelette without cracking a few eggs.

Such is life, I suppose. If a little not-so-voluntary labour is what's needed to bring about a less stupid world, then I'm all for it. We already know that there are at least four other villages in this area, who knows how many others are there for us to... recruit to our cause?

I guess there was only one way to find out...

(Two weeks later)

The setting sun was just touching the western peaks in the horizon when Suki and the other Kyoshi Warriors reached the third village on their journey to Omashu. The neat little village with its green and white buildings nestled on a wooded hill made for a picturesque and welcome sight for Suki- she was getting tired of her sisters' whining.

"Why did no one tell me that the mainland was so... big? My feet hurt."

"I feel like we've walked the breadth of a hundred Kyoshi Islands by now."

"I bet we walked a thousand Kyoshi Islands!"

"I hope they have a working bath, you all stink like week-old cabbage."

"Hey! You're not smelling like a bed of Silver Lillies either, you know!"​

So much for the proud Kyoshi Warriors...

"Quit your yammering, all of you!" Suki groaned with a long suffering sigh, "Let's just go find a place to rest. Focus together, sisters!"

Exhaling in sync, they all managed to dig into their second wind: pulling their shoulders back and holding their chins up high in an air of stoic confidence as they strode into the local watering hole. The Kyoshi Warriors had a reputation to uphold after all. Also, they were much less likely to receive lewd propositions from drunkards when they looked every bit as the 'tough-as-nails elite fighting force' that they were. Dressed feminine enough to let people know they were women, and formidable enough to show they were Kyoshi Warriors.

One of the pub's patrons, a muscled red-haired man, took a single look at them and immediately excused himself from the establishment.

It never stopped being a good feeling.

That feeling when every pub goers' eyes are drawn on her and her sisters, and they see nothing but stoic expressions on immaculately painted faces, heavily-armoured dark green kimonos and how they were armed to the teeth with war fans and katanas. Because even if no one in the mainland had even heard of the Kyoshi Warriors, they at least knew without a doubt that Suki and her sisters meant serious business.

"Do you have a room free?" asked Suki as soon she reached the counter where a wizened old innkeeper with a livespotted face was sizing her up.

"You're the fanciest merc outfit I've ever seen, and that's saying something." He replied with a shake of his head before getting right to business, "I've only got three rooms free. Yours for 12 coppers each."

"We'll take them." Suki calmly replied- not bothering to correct the assumption that they were mercs. That misconception will correct itself when word of their deeds spreads after they lend their services to the Earth king.

"Can I interest you all with a drink? Tea? Wines?" the innkeep naturally offered.

"Some tea is fine."

"Very well... Please have a seat, I'll bring it over."

With a nod, Suki and her sisters took a seat at a table- each of them letting out a soundless relieved sigh as they finally got to rest their feet from their trek. And with surprisingly promptness, the innkeep arrived with a lightly steaming teapot and its smaller teacup cousins. And as he poured them jasmine tea, he turned to her and asked, "If you don't mind me asking, you ladies here for the bounty on the Giant's head too?"

"No, we're not." Suki answered- willing to exchange information, "We're just heading for Omashu. How are the roads north?"

"If Omashu is where you're heading, then I suggest you turn back now and find a boat to take you there."

At that, Suki raised a brow- hiding the slight worry that their journey would be somehow delayed.

"Why do you say that?" She asked.

"Word hasn't reached the place where you came from then?" He said with pursed lips. "All the roads north are owned by the Giant and his Horde now. Everyone from Omashu to Gaoling knows that. The only way to Omashu now is to go around by sea or through the desert."

"The Giant and his Horde...?" Suki repeated while exchanging looks with her sisters- silently communicating if anyone has heard of such a thing, but the subtle gestures she got in response told her that no one heard of it before. She watched the innkeep nod in understanding.

"They're a Fire Nation army." He told the gathered Kyoshi Warriors in a solemn tone, "Fire Lord Ozai's most elite warriors. They have faced three armies of the Earth Kingdom and won with ease. Or if you believe the stories that they tell around the campfires, they're vengeful spirits of fallen Fire Nation soldiers who have returned to exact revenge on the Earth Kingdom. Doesn't matter what they are though, they already wiped out seven villages, burned them to cinders and took everyone hostage. The Fire Nation has finally come to our portion of the world."

Suki was dismayed by the news that the Fire Nation was here, but she wasn't exactly intimidated. The Kyoshi Warriors had gone up against the best the Fire Nation had to offer- namely, Prince of the Fire Nation himself- and they won.

"Thank you for the news, but we will manage fine." She courteously responded, taking a sip from her tea.

"No, your pride blinds you to the danger." the innkeeper hissed- apparently insulted that she was taking this threat lightly, "I'm sure a mercenary outfit like yours have gone against the Fire Nation before, but the Horde is different. Each soldier has the strength of five men, fights with the ferocity of a moose-lion, and wields a blade with the insight of a hidden master. Their ostrich-horse mounts, glut from the roasted corpses of their enemies, have developed a ravenous hunger for human flesh. Everyone from Gaoling to Omashu fears their approach for a reason."

Once again, Suki was unimpressed. Even on their little island of Kyoshi, they had all heard of the tall tales that Fire Nation propaganda spouts before. Honestly, ostrich-horses that eat human flesh? People really need to draw a line somewhere that says 'Beyond this point, it is too crazy, I won't believe it.' But still... there was a kernel of truth to be learned in each tall tale.

"So, they have raided seven villages already?" She clarified, pulling out a map from her sleeve and unrolling it across the table- her sisters lifting up their steaming tea cups to make room.

"Yes, all of these villages." The innkeep tapped his gnarled finger on seven points on their map, "And they don't seem to carry any intention of stopping there."

Suki crossed off the villages with a piece of charcoal before looking back at the innkeep.

"And the Giant is their leader?"

"They call him 'Khan.'" the old innkeep said with a fearful shudder, "Stands twice as tall as a normal man and as strong and skilled as twenty. A walking obelisk of armour and muscle, and it is said that he wields his weapon- a metal ball at the end of a long chain- with such strength and skill that he had cleaved through a whole squad of Earthbenders with a single swing. But worst of all, his strength is matched only by his brutality. There are even rumours that he personally had the former leader of their army roasted on a spit like some prized swine for incompetence."

"So, he's a tall guy with a meteor hammer?" Suki muttered with a raised brow. It was good to know that he'll be easy to pick out from the crowd, and what kind of weapon she could expect him to wield. "Do people know where their base is?"

"Only that is close along the Omashu-Gaoling route whose trade caravans they prey on ... somewhere along here."

He dragged his finger along a road on the map before resting his pained eyes on Suki's blue ones, "So, I assume that you are now interested in wasting your lives for the bounty placed on the Giant's head?"

"Less about the bounty and more about doing our part in the war." Suki replied with a firm voice, "If he really is that much of a threat, then removing him from play would really help in the war against the Fire Nation."

The wizened old innkeep just sighed in defeat before walking off- shaking his head as he left them with one last question hanging in the air.

"Gold... glory... Does it make a difference which bait your hubris uses to lead you to your deaths?"

...

The question stuck with Suki for longer than she thought it would. Even as she and her sisters finished their tea and headed back into their room for a bath and a bed, the question really weighed on her. Or more accurately, it pointed out how the burden of command weighed on her- that she was responsible for her sisters' lives in battle. She... never actually thought of it that way to be honest- the possibility of exchanging the lives of her sisters for victory in the war. It was a real struggle for her to come into grips with it.

Thankfully, after a long night of relaxing in a real bath and sleeping in a real bed helped a lot. And before Suki knew it, she had fallen asleep.

[The dawn after]

Suki blinked her blue eyes several times as her face paint set before moving on to typing her auburn hair.

Rising up before dawn to paint their faces and put on their ceremonial armours, it was a calming but invigorating experience for her. A reminder of the traditions that they held with unshakeable fervency, and with it, the Kyoshi Warriors felt clean, well-rested and ready to take on the world...

"Suki, are we really going to try and get rid of this giant guy? There's only six of us, and a whole lot more of them."

"Yeah, a Kyoshi Warrior is worth a thousand Fire Nation soldiers, but that's not supposed to be all at once."

... Two of three were good enough, Suki supposed. She stretched her armoured shoulders as she eyed the horizon to the north... to where the Giant and his horde were, and a pensive expression fell on her newly repainted face.

"If we could catch him without his army and eliminate him, that would be the best case scenario." She told them, "But our main priority is still getting to Ba Sing Se and that means going to Omashu. We are NOT going to make the trip back to try and look for that imaginary boat with the imaginary captain that's willing to ferry us through Fire Nation-controlled waters. So, we keep heading north. We try to avoid the main force of the Giant and his Horde, but..."

She smiled at her five sisters slyly.

"...if we run across the Giant with only a light escort. We're not going to let that opportunity to show him what a real elite fighting force looks like."

"Yeah! We'll kick his butt and drag him to the Earth King!"

"We'll be real heroes with real parades and monuments!"

"Kyoshi will look down from the heavens and smile!"​

Suki just smiled at her sisters' antics once again. That seemed to energise her sisters-in-arms as they continued their journey- walking down the hill and into the forest northwards. As long as she and her sisters were together, she knew that they were ready for anything the world could throw at them...

...

"The Kyoshi Warriors... I had to see it for myself." The smooth voice of a man wondered out loud behind them.

... and of course, it had to be on this day that the world decided to throw a Kyoshi-damned boomerang to hit them right on their rears.

Blood feeling like it had been turned to ice, Suki and her sisters turned around to be greeted by the largest man they've ever seen- towering over them in sturdy Fire Nation armour, the iconic skull-faced Firebender helmet that haunted the dreams of hundreds of thousands of people over his head, and a meteor hammer hanging on his hip. Of course, they already knew who it was. Suki herself could feel it all the way to the deepest part of her gut.

"KHAN!" Suki shouted, and she and her sisters immediately drew their weapons. Lustrous war fans unfolded and katanas unsheathed with the keen of dangerously sharpened metal as the Kyoshi Warriors faced the man who had been plaguing the southwest of Earth Kingdom for weeks with his Horde. Speaking of which... Suki's painted eyes darted around- looking for the ambushers that no doubt had been laying in wait for them.

"It's just me." Khan assured her with a small chuckle as if he had heard her thoughts. "I thought we'd have a little chat in private. After all, it was interesting hearing all your plans to try and assassinate me straight from your mouths."

"How did you know we were here?!" Suki growled- her grip on her War fans tightening. But rather than feeling even the tiniest bit threatened, Khan instead laughed heartily.

"Oh, I learned from my mistakes the second time the Earth Kingdom sent a special Earthbender strikeforce! It was both incredible and infuriating that my scouts didn't see them coming until they were already at my doorstep. Sneaky Earthbenders... one would think they'd be noisier when they march."

He shook his head.

"So naturally, I sent out spies." He told them, "Just one loyal plainclothes Fire Nation soldier to hang around in every village- blowing the division's discretionary fund on wine and on women of the perfectly respectable profession of sword-swallowing. The entire division almost tore at each other volunteering for the jobs, so I held a singing contest to determine who got the jobs. Oh, that was quite the night.... *Ahem* Anyway, they were to stay in their respective villages until the day when they spotted or heard of Earth Kingdom forces in the area. At which point, they'd report back to me post-haste."

That jogged something in Suki's memory...

"That red-haired man from last night! He left as soon as we arrived!" She muttered in the terrible realisation that they had been basking too much in their pride at the time to see the red flags. Meanwhile, Khan's booming laughter once again echoed through the forest path.

"Yes, Corporal Yusoo is the division's best baritone!" the giant mirthfully confirmed- still chuckling, "Oh, you should have heard his rendition of 'Leaves from the Vine' which won him his posting here. It was very moving. You also left quite the impression on him as well. 'Earth Kingdom Elites' he described you- having never seen or heard of the Kyoshi Warriors before."

"And you have?!" Suki growled pointedly.

"Of course." He shrugged, "You see. I need you for something. Something only a fabled Kyoshi Warrior can offer me. Oh, how Fortune smiles on me this day for giving me not one, but six Kyoshi Warriors."

The realities of war were never so kind, and Suki saw her sisters stiffen at that reminder. But not her, she only felt pure rage. Like hot magma bubbling through her veins, it filled her with power she never knew she had in her. Her grip on her war fans tightened even further.

"To be fair, it's not what you think." He chuckled, "But I do like that look of fear in your eyes."

"You should come with us to Ba Sing Se to see the Earth king." She offered with a sweet smile dripping with venom, "That way, you can save us the trouble of carrying your head around in a box! Kyoshi Warriors, focus together!"

"AS ONE!"​

As one, they have lived; and if need be, as one, they would die.

Suki watched as Khan moved with arrogant casualness as he uncoiled his meteor hammer from his hip- clearly underestimating her and her sisters. That was fine with her. It'll only make it easier to take his head.

She already thought about this encounter in those sleepless hours last night. Tossing and turning with nothing to do but steep in her own thoughts and daydreams... and today, one of those daydreams will be of great use. Khan's advantage: his strength and his reach. Their advantage: their numbers and their coordination. They only need to nullify his advantages while preserving theirs, and they would triumph against him. Suki already knew of the plan where her sisters could take him down. In fact, they had already done a variation of it.

Now to check if they remembered....

"Sisters, gut him like that unagi last winter!" Suki shouted, and a look of realisation came to their eyes as well as an eager grins all around. Yeah, they remember, alright.

The six of them proceeded to surround Khan at a respectable distance, about five paces away from Khan's massive frame- dodging the dangerous swings of his meteor hammer.

Unagis were massive sea serpents that would coil themselves around ships and elephant koi. A serious concern for both merchant ships and Kyoshi Island inhabitants alike. So, Suki and her sisters had found that the best way to deal with it was to divide its attention and take turns attacking- never letting it regain its balance. The timing of the attacks was very precise, but the Kyoshi Warrior's coordination was legendary for a reason. The unagi's ponderous size only made it easier, just like Khan- almost exactly like Khan. Even down to the way he would slam down his meteor hammer at the ground like an unagi would slam their tails at the water.

It was here that the Kyoshi Warriors were truly in their element: hunting big, stupid game.

"You're supposed to be the big bad guy?"

"Hah! So much for Ozai's elites, right sisters?"

"Where's your chauvinistic tough guy macho bluster now, huh?!"

"The flying fishopotamus at home is scarier than you!"

"Give us a challenge, O' scary Fire Nation Giant! This fight is almost boring!"​

"It's six against one, Khan!" Suki victoriously taunted as well, just as her turn to strike at him came. She charged forward as he was distracted by one of her sisters. Meanwhile, the sharpened edge of Suki's war fan was aimed for the joints where Fire Nation armour was weakest... Unfortunately, her strike glanced off and she had to keep her distance as another of her sisters' turn to attack him came up.

Next time. Suki clicked her tongue. Next time, she'll definitely penetrate the metal.

"An interesting strategy. Well done, Suki." Khan's smooth voice calmly complimented her as if they were playing Pai Sho, "And it would have worked too if I didn't have more Dexterity than you."

She almost froze. Wait... how did he know her name? However, the answer didn't come to her because something else happened immediately after Khan spoke...

... he moved.

Not like a statue come to life, not like a giant from the tales, not slow at all. No, Khan moved with all the speed and grace as they did, if not faster. One moment, Suki's sister-in-arms was lunging with her katana; and the next, she was sailing through the air from Khan's vicious armoured backhand before landing in a groaning, unmoving heap on the ground. But by the time that she did land, Khan's massive footfalls were already stomping audibly as he dashed over her and towards the next closest target with all the speed of a sprinting ostrich-horse.

Still surprised and off balance from having their coordination broken, Khan's next victim found an enormous hand yanking her katana from her hands before the other equally-enormous hand grasped her face... and violently slammed her down to the ground in a plume of dust.

"Suki! What do we do- AARGH!"​

Another Kyoshi Warrior fell as Khan whipped the chain of his meteor hammer low- hitting her shins with a sickening crack of bone. She fell grunting from pain and clutching her broken legs... and just like that, there were only three Kyoshi Warriors left. Unfortunately, Suki's mind was still reeling from what was happening. Khan wasn't like a giant, giants weren't supposed to move this fast!

"SUKI, WATCH OUT!"​

However, before Suki could react, she found a cold metal chain lock around her ankle; and with a powerful yank from Khan, she found herself launched into the air in a great arc- so high that she could almost reach the top of the treeline... The view of the northern horizon was beautiful... but fleeting; because a fraction of a heartbeat later, she was violently pulled down to the earth.

The last thing that Suki saw was the dirt ground speeding towards her face at immense speeds before... blackness.

(Later that Night) [The 41st Division Encampment]

An ostrich-horse pulled the wagon that Suki and her sisters were on. A metal cage on wheels, really.

They... they had lost. Grossly underestimated their opponent who was much, much more powerful than they had given him credit for. And now, they paid the price for their folly- consigned to be prisoners of war for a brutish and violent giant of a man whose intentions could not be any clearer. It was the absolute worst nightmare for her, who was a Kyoshi Warrior proud of her heritage. Still, it was a miracle that none of them were killed in that engagement. And although an incomplete disaster was a poor miracle to be grateful for, Suki was still thankful for it nonetheless.

She looked to her sisters. At least... they had all been allowed to keep their dignity and were left in the green kimono of their Kyoshi Warrior uniforms rather than prisoner rags which were the norm. Not that it lifted their spirits any more, because no one had spoken a single word since waking up here. Just dejected expressions of the defeated all around.

"I'm sorry." Suki began. "I'm sorry for insisting we leave the island to help with the war effort. I'm sorry for dragging you all with me. I'm sorry for being so pushy about it. I'm sorry for being so selfish!"

Her sisters glanced at each other before nodding. Suddenly, Suki felt herself swept up in a warm embrace.

"There, there. It's not your fault, Suki."

"And we wanted to help the Earth Kingdom too."

"Yeah, not your fault."

"We'll get through this together. Like we always do."

"Sisters Forever, right?"​

It took everything in her to not burst into tears over knowing that her sisters didn't blame her for this failure, for their current predicament. But even in that, she failed because the tears just kept flowing.

"We're... we're going to make it out of this alive." Suki sobbed into their arms. "I'll do everything I can to make this right! I promise. I promise!"

Suki didn't know how long they stayed like that- finding comfort in each other's warmth, but every second of it was a second thay she wasn't spending in the outside world. And soon enough, the outside world came to break up their touching moment, their mobile cage stopped moving and a Fire Nation sergeant promptly arrived soon after to open the cage door.

"Kyoshi Warrior Suki?" she stated rather than asked, "Khan is expecting you in his personal quarters now."

She took a deep breath. This was it. She had only one chance to impress him, and her sisters seemed to sense her hesitation as they looked at her with pitying eyes.

"Suki... you don't have to do this."​

"But I do. For all our sake." was all she said in return before letting herself be led towards a metal house that was no doubt Khan's.

"Stop." The Fire Nation sergeant said as she grasped Suki's shoulder, and pointed her to a small fountain right by the entrance, "The Khan requires everyone who enters his personal quarters to take off their shoes and wash their hands. He didn't take too kindly to the last one who both tracked mud on his carpets and smeared filth on his books."

The other woman then pointed to a gibbet a short ways away containing a man whose arms and legs ended in burnt stumps.

"A-alright." Suki murmured meekly as she complied- taking off her boots and washing her hands.

She was grateful for the pause before continuing into the moose-lion's den. It gave her time to consider what it would take to keep her promise to them- to convince this Fire Nation warlord to keep her sisters from harm. She wanted to say that she had no idea how to do that, but she knew that she would just be lying to herself. She knew that she had nothing else to bargain with at this point- nothing else that he could consider valuable. She wasn't privy to valuable Earth Kingdom intelligence, nor did she know any Earth Kingdom noble that he could pressure for keeping her hostage. She already knew that- realistically- there was only one way she could influence Khan.

The same thing that all men could be influenced with: her inexperienced, virgin body.

'I'm... I'm sorry, Sokka.'

"The Kyoshi Warrior Suki is entering, sir." the sergeant announced with a knock before swinging the door open for her and her bare feet stepped onto soft carpet as she slipped inside the lantern-lit metal house.

There, Suki was greeted by the sight of books, maps and scrolls of every size and colour laying on every available surface. Some were in stacks almost as tall as her. Others lay open in piles as if someone was reading through all of them at once. At a glance, Suki couldn't figure out what the connections between some of the titles were. How A treatise on Fire Nation metalworking had anything to do with The Great Sartorial Atlas of Earth Kingdom Fabrics was beyond her. There seemed to be no rhyme or reason to it, just a pure frantic pursuit for every scrap of knowledge within reach. And there seated at the back behind a desk that was also covered in books and scrolls was the giant who defeated them in combat: Khan.

She was certain that it was him, but also... she couldn't believe that it was him.

In her imagined scenario, Khan was a balding middle-aged man who would stroke at his beard while leering at her perversely. But the man wearing a loose red robe and sitting behind that desk as he read his book? He wasn't as ugly as she thought he'd be under that helmet. In fact...

The man before her looked regal, handsome, downright heroic even. It was like someone had taken the title 'Proud Prince of the Fire Nation' and made it into a living person. He was fair-skinned... as expected of nobility who didn't need to work all day in the fields or at sea. His hair looked as soft and black as a sea raven's feathers. His strong jawline that seemed sculpted like a monument, and everytime he flipped a page on his book, his loose red robes didn't hide how his thick biceps flexed slightly.

Suki gulped silently as a single horrified realisation dominated her thoughts.

'Oh no... he's hot.'​

Green eyes like the finest jade looked up to meet her blue ones.

"Suki." Khan greeted her, and in the privacy of her mind, she whined 'That's... not fair.' Even the sound of his smooth voice saying her name was incredibly arousing. Almost lover-like.

"Khan." She greeted back, voice just a bit more breathy than she would have liked.

"I believe you've figured out what I really want from you now?" He said with a raised brow, "After all, once you really think about it, it's easy to realise that you are only truly valuable for one thing. Cooperate, and you and your sisters will be treated well. Be resistant and I'll just find another group of young warrior-women to take your places."

Normally, that kind of comment would have elicited a swift punch to the nose from a Kyoshi Warrior, but she was doing this for her sisters-in-arms...

"I'll cooperate." She conceded to the humiliation.

"Good." He hummed as he stood up, and Suki stiffened as he stalked around the table towards her. Spirits, he was perfe- tall. He was so tall. She barely reached his muscled chest, his robes loose enough that she had a peek of abs. A large hand cupped her chin with surprising gentleness- tilting her head up so that their eyes could meet again. Her mouth opened slightly as the sudden incomprehensible desire to suckle on his thumb came to her.

... Oh spirits, he's really hot.

"Make yourself comfortable while I search for where I placed my damned tools." His smooth voice purred, and Suki squeezed her thighs together in an attempt to stifle the rising heat she felt linger from between them.

"I understand... master." She whispered, and to her growing shame, her head followed his hand slightly as he pulled away and walked off to a side room- leaving Suki alone in the room.

Hesitantly, with shaking hands, she untied her green kimono and let it slip from her shoulders- the fabric pooling around her bare feet with a soft hush on the carpet... which was soon followed by the soft patter of her plain white bra and panties following suit.

Suki bit her lip as she pushed down the urge to self-consciously cover herself, just keeping her hands to her sides.

This... this was the first time she was ever naked in front of a boy. She had boys from other villages on Kyoshi island fawn over her in the scant times that the villages mingled before, Apparently auburn here was an exotic and attractive quality, and that she had a bigger bust than the other Kyoshi Warriors. But she never had really gotten close enough with a boy before where she'd consider doing something like this. Her body felt so hot that even the warm air of the house felt cold to her. The faint breeze brushing against her stiff pink nipples and... down there as well. She had taken the opportunity to shave herself bare last night in preparation for less forgiving terrain in their journey. But apparently, it will work in her favour tonight as well. Men preferred it clean shaven, right?

Suki had heard that it would hurt thrice-fold more if she was dry. So, she slipped a shy finger down between her legs to try and get her body to respond, But to her half-surprise, she found wetness greeting her. A lot of it actually. How could she be looking forward to this?! But even as she asked herself that, she ran a fingertip across her throbbing little nub and she bit down a moan as she found it the most sensitive it had ever been.

Stupid traitorous body responding to stupid sexy Khan and his stupid sexy body that she wanted to run her tongue all over.

"Alright, I have my things. Let's begin." Khan muttered as he walked in- preoccupied with surveying the contents of a box he was holding.

Gathering all the poise and dignity she had left, Suki spoke with a steady voice. "I'll do whatever you say and accept whatever you would do to me. Just don't touch my sisters."

His jade-green eyes glanced at her quivering, naked body. And she hardened her heart for what was to come next. The image was so vivid that it was like a vision. He... he was going to push her down right then and there, wasn't he? Pin her very virgin body against the carpet with that hard body of his and claim her like a wild animal, slamming his powerful hips down on hers over and over again while grinding his sculpted abs against her belly before breeding her fertile womb with his strong, virile seed until it leaked out of her. All night long.

She ignored the trail of wetness dripping down her inner thigh.

"Ah, I see you actually didn't figure out the one thing you're valuable for: your knowledge." he noted as he sat back down behind his desk, "I want to interview you so that I could write a book about Kyoshi Island."

That brought Suki's world to a screeching halt.

"I'm sorry, but what?"

Khan unpacked fresh papers from that box he carried, as well as a strange looking brush with a golden tip.

"An Interview with a Kyoshi Warrior By Khan." He repeated to her- gesturing with his large hands as if placing the title text in lights, "A historical overview of your village tied to the present by a Kyoshi Warrior commentary about how that impacts her beliefs and duties in the face of present day socio-economic events like say the Hundred Year War, and that specific Kyoshi Warrior is going to be you. The other ones will be here to corroborate your story and perhaps give an alternate perspective to events."

Suki glanced down to her naked body then back at him.

"So... you're not going to ravish me?"

He chortled like she told a funny joke.

"Later. Maybe.This is a much more valuable and much rarer opportunity." He refused with all the casualness of refusing a glass of water, "Oh, yes... Wan will be very impressed by this. Exactly the kind of book he likes, I'd bet."

And as Suki stood there, having stripped herself of her clothes and offered her naked body to him only to be rejected... She knew that she should be relieved.... But she wasn't. How dare he?! She felt deeply insulted that he considered the opportunity to take her virginity to be far less valuable than the opportunity to write a Kyoshi-damned book!

Strange brush to paper, he looked at her expectantly and asked, "If we're going to write about Kyoshi island, we may as well start with Kyoshi herself. What does the history books on Kyoshi island say about her?"

She was standing naked in front of him- nipples hard, pussy dripping wet- and he wanted to give her a history quiz?!

Dazed, practically dizzied by this confusing turn of events. Suki's mouth moved before the rational part of her brain could keep up and wrangled the more lust-addled side to shut up.

"... Can't you just ravish me instead?!"

- Khan versus the Kyoshi Warriors End -​


AN:

Garden tools are temporary but knowledge is forever!... But I am excited to write the Suki smut next chapter though. She's an underappreciated ATLA waifu who is usually overlooked in favour of Katara, Ty Lee, and Azula.

But to be fair towards Suki... Imagine being taken as a prisoner by a literal Greek goddess with a perfect body and face, and a voice made of liquid sex. She'll lead you to believe that you're going to be her boytoy fuckslave until the day you die... how mad/disappointed would you be if she just turned around and said 'Sleep with you? LOL, get real! I just wanted to interview you!'

I play(ed) Mount & Blade: Warband... And I tried to convey in that last scene just how sucky it felt to lose a fight and be carted around as a prisoner by your enemy. Basically, this entire fic is an M&B campaign in my head, but with shounen action scenes and segs.

Zagreus from Hades... that's who I'm basing Khan's appearance off of.

This 7k chapter only came about... after rewriting 5k words. Pain.
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:God is dead, zellat451, Michael_1992 and 1,887 others
Infonticus
Feb 2, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 3: The Kyoshi Warriors’ Dignity
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Feb 5, 2023
Add bookmark
#260
Chapter 3: The Kyoshi Warriors' Dignity
"This has to be cheating." I sighed as my large hands draped a warm blanket over the sleeping Suki's shoulders- the Kyoshi girl having fallen asleep on my desk after being quizzed all night on history.

Meanwhile, the last Gamer System notification still floating in the corner of my vision.

For showing a more intellectual side, and for also being incredibly attractive to her ...
{Suki} Reputation : -10 -> 30
{Suki} Obedience : -65 -> -25​

The combination of the two perks, [Pretty Privilege] and [Siren's Voice], was just plain unfair. When I told her to 'get comfortable' last night, I meant like taking a seat or helping herself to the jasmine tea I laid out. But instead, Suki stripped naked and just stood there instead. It was insane! Yes, her Obedience stat was still in the negatives... But! I certainly didn't miss how she had reacted when she stood naked in front of me: Panting breath, bedroom eyes almost shaped like hearts, squeezing her toned thighs together and that glistening drop of arousal that dripped down her inner thigh as she literally asked me to ravish her.

I had a feeling that If I had pushed Suki down on the carpet right then and there, she would have actually enjoyed that. However... As much as the primal part of me shouted to push her down and breed her, I was still a man with a job to do, goals to strive towards and principles to uphold. Because ultimately, the true measure of a man is his sheer force of will.

Women can come later, I had a job to do.

New Quest:
THE JOURNEY FOR INTELLIGENCE

Main Objective: Impress {Wan Shi Tong} with (133/100) books for his library.
Reward: Removal of the [Dull Mind] perk

Optional Objective: Impress {Wan Shi Tong} with (2.4/20) books you authored yourself
Reward: [Able Mind]

+ R +​

I was dead serious when I told Suki that this was more important.

The value of Intelligence stat could not be overstated. I needed those Perk Points to buy those incredibly useful perks to multiply my combat prowess. After all, I still had a lot of enemies, and I held no illusions that this girl was not one of them. If I could 1v6 the Kyoshi Warriors with ease now, I can only imagine... how I'd fare against real enemies.

Because holy shit, did the {Kyoshi Warriors} suck ass in combat.

They'd still eat opponents like {Earthbender Recruits} alive, that's true. But one would naturally expect a supposedly elite fighting force to be... well, elites in combat. The only reason they were a threat to me was because of their gear. Because somehow, for an elite group of warriors who were based in a poor fishing village that regularly faces starvation, the Kyoshi Warriors had some pretty good-quality gear. And now, I was going to 'Identify' these items and maybe turn up with something of rare or epic quality.

Oh, the simple joys of rummaging through loot after a battle!

I glanced back at Suki who was peacefully snoozing on my desk before I moved to the other room and popped [Suki's Kyoshi Katana] out of my Inventory. Running my fingers along the flat of the blade, I had to admire how elegant it was. And now that I have some deeper insight into Kyoshi Island's history, there is a chance that I might unlock a better understanding of it and find something that I can incorporate into my [Smithing]. A skill which I've been trying to train every chance I got.

(Relic) [Suki's Kyoshi Katana]
A melee weapon consisting of a curved, single-edged blade. This variant of a regular katana is ostensibly made especially for a woman's hands- trading heft and defence for a remarkable lightness that permits swifter and more precise attacks- the razor sharp blade sails through the air like a deadly whisper. However, its light weight does come at a cost: it is markedly more difficult to put chopping power behind the blade, and effectively parrying with this weapon requires more skill and finesse than normal. Thus, practitioners of this weapon are often rewarded with victory for being precise, decisive and most importantly, aggressive.

Weapon Proficiency: Lvl 3 - Novice
At high proficiency levels, foes would do well to respect the ruinously deadly alpha strike that this specialised katana is capable of- leagues more than a standard katana. Your slashes would be so fast that they'd have cut the enemy before they even have a chance to raise their shields or blades to block. The lightning fast draws coupled with hair-splitting precision often means that the battle is over before it truly begins as this blade edge easily glides between armour plating to find vulnerable veins and arteries.

Smithing: Lvl 7 - Apprentice
The make of this weapon should not be physically possible. The blade is remarkably thin and yet it is strong enough to withstand immense impacts. It is possible supernatural factors should be considered in play here, or you may be missing something in the smithing process.

Attunement: (30/25 Suki Reputation Required)
This particular Kyoshi Katana has been passed down from mother to daughter since before the Hundred Year War.

+ R +​

... what? Reputation with people actually unlocks things?

Skill levels like Weapon Proficiency and Smithing were to be expected, but Reputation with Suki? That was certainly new information, not something I could use but still interesting as it hinted that there was more to this weapon. But still... A [Relic] quality weapon? This had just become the most valuable weapon in my possession!

Still, it's a shame that the Kyoshi Warriors didn't have the proper skill and technique to wield their weapons to their fullest potential. Likely because there was no one alive left to teach them the correct way to wield their very specialised weapons, just one more scrap of knowledge lost into the whirling aether of history. At least, it would have been if I didn't have [Weapon Familiarity]. I likely knew how to wield this weapon better than some of the Kyoshi Warriors.

"Game... do you have anything to increase the effectiveness of Weapon Familiarity?" I asked, "I really don't have time to train in every weapon."

= Certainly, my Lord. =

New Quest:
THE WAY OF THE WEAPON MASTER

Main Objective: Reach Weapon Proficiency Lvl 20 - Grandmaster with 10 different weapons
Rewards:
[Greater Weapon Familiarity] You have handled many shafts in your day. Your unmatchable expertise in so many different weapons have coalesced into a unique instinct with weapons that lets you wield new ones as if you've been training with them for many months. All weapons start at Weapon Proficiency Lvl 10 - Expert.

+ R +​

Alright... this one is a challenge. I haven't even reached Grandmaster level in a single weapon yet! But there was no time limit, so this was definitely a long term quest. Certainly something to keep in mind, but not fixate on. Moving onto the other items in the loot pile, I also inspected their [Kyoshi War Fans], their [Deployable Shields] and their busted black lacquered lamellar armour and...

"Oh, what is this right here?" I murmured to myself as the Gamer System fed me new information, "This certainly changes a few things. With this we could take Omashu much easier... How very interesting..."

Once again, I was reminded that the world of Avatar was so rich and vibrant and real compared to the show now, and in my hands was the greatest piece of evidence for it.

"Yes, very interesting indeed."

[Ba Sing Se]

The mid-morning sun shone gently above the packed streets of Ba Sing Se. Bright and warm on the cheering faces of the massive crowds who were out this special day.

It was definitely a day of celebrations for the city- for the whole Earth Kingdom really- and it showed! Green and gold streamers were strung on every lamppost and building. Great parade floats of Avatar Kyoshi in all shapes and sizes trundled down the roads with marching bands trailing behind them to the delight of children and adults. Everywhere one turned their head, it was peace and relief and happiness. And overlooking it all from the largest balcony of the Earth King's palace, Suki stood in her full Kyoshi Warrior regalia alongside her sisters as they watched and listened to the joyous celebrations below.

"The people are happy thanks to you, Kyoshi Warriors." The Earth King Kuei said as he walked onto the balcony with them.

"Thank you, wise Earth King Kuei, for this parade. but the Kyoshi Warriors did not do it for glory." Suki honestly replied. But the ruler of the Earth Kingdom merely smiled a fatherly smile as he stood beside her- looking out into the city as well.

"Too many times do the names of heroes go unsung." He told her, "Ensuring that today will not be one of those days is the least that the Earth Kingdom can afford for their selfless saviours. Is it so wrong to give the people of the Earth Kingdom a name for them to thank for good fortunes?"

"I suppose not." Suki conceded with a small smile, and the Earth King nodded.

"Then you would also not begrudge a king for rewarding such good deeds." He smiled graciously. And Suki- know what was coming next- knelt down on one knee with her sisters.

"Suki of the Kyoshi Warriors." The Earth King solemnly began, "You and your sisters proved instrumental for the defeat of the Fire Nation and freeing our people from the yoke of oppression. By doing so, you had aided the Avatar in restoring balance to the world... just as your ancestors did once before. For your service to the people of the Earth Kingdom, I hereby bestow upon you the highest honour that-"

"Stop the ceremony!" a voice called out as heavy footfalls echoed out. Turning her head, Suki saw a familiar giant running up to them in just his casual red robes.

"Khan?!" She shrieked in surprise.

"She's no true Kyoshi Warrior!" She saw Khan's muscular abs accuse her, "She doesn't even know the history of the island she claims to serve!"

"What are you talking about? I totally do!" Suki denied as she stamped her foot.

"She lies, O' Earth King!" Another familiar voice rang out, older and more wizened than Khan's smooth voice before a short, hunchbacked man with a beard caught up to them as well.

"Elder Oyaji?!" Suki shouted disbelievingly at their village elder, "What are you doing here?!"

"What is the meaning of this?!" The Earth King demanded and Elder Oyaji bowed in apology.

"My King! Khan is right: Suki always flunked her history class horribly!"

The king gasped- one that echoed across the city as the parades fell silent.

"What?! Is this true?" He asked her, and Suki felt beads of sweat run down her white-painted cheeks.

"So, what if I failed history class a few times?!" She cried out in her defence, "I'm still a good Kyoshi Warrior! And I passed history... uh... eventually."

But a frown just formed on the Earth King's mouth.

"You have deceived me, Suki."

"No, I haven't, my King!" She pleaded, "I don't have to pass history class with flying colours to know our history by heart!"

The Earth King gazed at her with a stern, disapproving eyes as if measuring her heart on an invisible scale before saying in a cold voice, "Then there is only one way we can prove it."

"Yes..." Elder Oyaji agreed with a grim nod, and Suki felt dread fill her belly as the village elder looked to the giant in attendance. "Khan, give her another history pop quiz!"

"Gladly." Khan's voice rumbled out as his large shadow darkened her face. His large hand reaching into his robes and pulling out a thick stack of test papers. And none of the questions looked like multiple choice, they were all 'fill in the blanks' questions.

Suki screamed.
​
"Khan, please no!"

Suki woke up thrashing. Suddenly, she felt herself encased in a familiar warmth of her five sisters embracing her, and their soft voices reassuring her.

"Suki, it's alright! You're safe now!"

"He can't hurt you here."

"You're safe with us."

"What? Where am I?" She mumbled against her sisters' hair. Her blue eyes glancing around the interior that they were in. It seemed to be an Earth Kingdom noble's travelling coach. Velvet-lined interior and the seats torn out to make room for six little cots that she was laying in.

"Oh, right... our new prison cell." She muttered in relief. Khan must have had her deposited here after she fell asleep. The same cell she earned after staying up until dawn answering Khan's relentless battery of history questions. Strange and pointless questions like 'How many siblings did your elder's parents have?' or 'How do you feel knowing that you're the only standing military in the world to still use war fans?'

"It's okay, Suki. You don't have to talk about it if you-"

"He didn't touch me." Suki said simply while quietly adding, 'But I wish he did.'

Confused blinks met that revelation, followed by a murmur of realisation from her sisters.

"So, he made you touch him instead? Like with your..." She trailed off as five pairs of eyes glanced at Suki's bust- the biggest in their island's age group. As one, five pairs of hands reached up to cup their respective chests; and pained expressions and resentful mutterings followed soon after.

"Of course, Suki is the one he went for... of course."

"Men... they're all the same, aren't they?"

"Only one thing interests them. Yes, it's true."

"When am I going to have real breasts..."

"Honorable Spirits, I've seen what you've done for Suki and I want that for me..."

Suki sighed in exasperation before adopting a flat expression and levelling a flat rebuke at them, "No... the closest we got to something like that was him touching my chin."

"So, your books about that forbidden romance between a Fire Nation commander and a captured Earth Kingdom spy lied about that?"

"I told you all to never speak about that ever again!" Suki whined. "Those books don't exist! And if they ever did, we burned them!"

"Sure, we did, Suki. Definitely burned those books..."

"But if you didn't do that... what did you do all night?"

"Yeah, you were passed out when Khan carried you here."

"Khan wanted to know our history of Kyoshi Island." Suki revealed- her head bowed in shame at how quickly she folded to him, "He was writing a book about Kyoshi island. He asked me a lot of questions about everything, and he said he'll definitely be interviewing you all as well. Khan assured me that you all would be treated better if I did talk. I'm sorry! I was just thinking about you all! So, I... I told him everything I knew!"

Her sisters shared a look before aiming smug smirks at Suki.

"...So, you told him nothing?"

"Suki sucks at history."

"No, I don't!" She protested- feeling obligated to defend her grades, "In a lot of his questions, I gave a lot of answers too!"

"None of which are correct. Good thinking, Suki."

"Good thinking didn't have anything to do with it. I think it was the opposite actually."

"Suki's such a dedicated Kyoshi Warrior that even her failing grades protect Kyoshi Island too, I see."

"We can't protect Kyoshi Island as much as the Village Dumbass does? How shameful."

"All the development that should have gone to her mind went to her breasts."

Suki just fumed as her dark past was once again brought up to light, and her sisters teased her for it. It was always like this whenever her childhood was brought up! So what if she flunked history three times and maths five times?! Her grades really got better by the end of it, but everyone keeps focusing on the years before! She was also the most physically-capable one in her entire village! That definitely counted for something!

... But whatever embarrassment she had evaporated as rolling coach-cell slowed to stop- almost making them topple over one another.

"What's happening? Does this thing have a window?"

Suki promptly found said window- wooden panel that shifted to the side to reveal heavy iron bars preventing any escape but still permitted a view of the world outside their cell. And the view was one that filled all of them with horror. There! Just a short walk to the top of a hill was a familiar village- the same one that Suki and her sisters had stayed in just before that fateful duel with Khan. The green and white buildings were scorched black, and tall pillars of smoke rising up from various locations as distant figures garbed in the red and black uniforms of the Fire Nation swarmed all over the place.

"Oh no..." Suki muttered in horror as she saw a new depressing sight: On the road beside their parked cell-coach, there was a long line of manacled prisoners with crestfallen expressions as they trudged defeatedly down the road. Earthbenders by the look of it. The chains rattling between their wrists and ankles- a constant reminder that they wouldn't be able to fight back. Not anymore.

The line of prisoners even included a familiar wizened, old man with a liver spotted face.

"Uncle innkeeper..." Suki dejectedly called out to the old man in chains. Hearing her voice, the grey-haired old man raised his bowed head up and squinted at them with his bleary eyes.

"Khan got you too, eh? Well, I did warn you ladies." He reminded her with a bitter smile as he slowly walked on by, "But I should have heeded my own warning and fled town myself when I still had the chance. Now... I have nothing."

"You have your life." Khan boomed as he walked into view beside the line of prisoners. In his full Fire Nation armour including his skull-faced helmet that glared down at the old man, "Be grateful that I'm not having you executed for that ambush you pulled, you wily old fart. Get moving."

"Heh."

"Smug old bastard." Khan growled as the line of prisoners moved along.

"Khan! Where are you taking them?!" Suki demanded- gripping the bars of their cell tighter.

"Resettling them to somewhere less stupid." the giant shook his head in vivid disapproval, "That was a horrible, horrible location to build a village, just like the last seven villages we burned down. Good riddance! Shows what their ancestors knew- which was absolutely nothing. No forward planning at all, just 'let's build here, it looks neat.' Amateurs."

Suki felt herself fume angrily. This was the type of thinking that threatened her village, the entire Earth Kingdom actually. The type of thinking that the Fire Nation knew better, and that the world would be better off under their rule. And she was reminded once again that despite how attractive Khan was under that helmet, he was still Fire Nation- they were still mortal enemies.

"Typical Fire Nation arrogance." She spat as her knuckles turned white from gripping the bars of her cell, "You really think you know better than all the wisdom gathered by the generations that came before?! That you can just come here and dictate how we can better our lives?!"

"Yes, I do know better. You have no idea." His voice hummed as if a flood of memories was washing over him.

"I have... experienced enough city and settlement-builders." Khan began in that same haunted tone, "Age of Empires, Kenshi, Rimworld, Dwarf Fortress, Frostpunk, Black & White 2... and maybe Simcity and Cities Skyline if they're even applicable in this tech level. Oh, and a useless piece of paper that says I'm a fully licensed clown of the civil engineering circus. Rest assured, I know how to establish and build up a village from nothing- more than anyone else in this entire world in fact. I know what it takes to make a settlement endure such unimaginable horrors and cruel tribulations that this world has been fortunate enough to not experience yet. Once I'm done with here, not even the spiteful gods of RNG can make my settlement fall."

She watched Khan shake his head one last time before walking away, and though Suki didn't understand a lot of those words- likely references to things that were taught in Fire Nation schools- her blood just boiled all the same as it sounded like just more pointless Fire Nation imperialism to her.

"You really think you're the hero in all this, Khan?!" She aimed the angry shout at his back.

The armoured Fire Nation giant stopped, and his skull-faced helmet turned to look over his shoulder at her.

"I'm the farthest thing from a hero." He said simply, "But it won't matter what I am, once I finish my quest for books and finally unshackle my mind from its mere mortal limits. A hundred years from now, the world won't remember me for what I was- only for what I was able to achieve. Who knows? Perhaps one day, they might even thank me for what I did."

And without another word, he walked off- likely to organise the loot that all filthy Fire Nation raiders did when they sacked an Earth Nation village.

Angrily shutting the window shut, Suki sat down with a huff and frustratedly running her fingers through her auburn red hair. She couldn't believe she almost slept with him willingly. And as their coach-cell began moving again, her sisters seemed to have arrived at the thousand gold piece question on their own.

"Wait... what will happen to us when Khan finishes his book?"

All trains of thought ground to a stop in their coach-cell as everyone realised to their growing horror that they did not even have one possible answer to that question that ended well for them. The apprehensive silence stretched on as they considered each grim possibility.

"We need to escape before that happens." one of her sisters-in-arms finally said, but Suki had to disagree.

"No... What we need- what we must do is to kill Khan." She proposed instead. "His reign of terror won't end until he's dead."

Pure disbelief coloured her sisters' expression.

"But how can we do that?"

"Yeah, the six of us couldn't win against him while we were all armed and well-rested!"

"Dignity. We'll use Dignity." was Suki's only rebuttal, and all discussion died down. Her sisters immediately adopting a heavy expression of trepidation as they considered the weight of what she was proposing.

Dignity was the name of the poison that every Kyoshi Warrior hid in their ornamental brass headdresses. A white liquid in a wooden vial that could induce death in seconds. It was one of those long-standing traditions that the Kyoshi Warriors don't really talk about. At all. Because women soldiers getting captured in wartime... It was often an ugly and ignoble fate, and dying with Dignity... well, there was no name more apt for that poison. Suki and her sisters have been extremely fortunate that Khan was one of the exceptions to the rule in regards to captors. And it was a testament to the giant's skill in combat that none of them had the opportunity to use the poison.

"Khan personally disarmed us... our headdresses must be in his quarters as trophies."

"But it's not like he'll let anyone wander around his quarters."

Suki already had a plan going forward.

"Let's work off of the old plan..." She told her sisters, "I'll seduce him- gain his trust to have more freedom to move around his quarters and find our headdresses. If he's... preoccupied with me, he won't be able to finish his book at a reasonable rate, and it'll buy us even more time to look for an opening. And when we do find it, I'll slip a quarter of a vial into his tea. The poison should kill him over a day, and if we time it right, we might even be able to escape and continue with our mission to Ba Sing Se."

Her sisters just looked at each other with deep worry, and Suki knew them all well enough to know what they were worried about: her.

"Suki..."

"It's alright..." She said softly as she slid the window open and glanced at the sacked village once last time- what she was fighting to prevent from happening again, "I think being able to stop the 41st Division's campaign of terror and destruction is worth trading my virginity for."

Her resolve strengthened at the sight, and she turned to face her sisters-in-arms to flash a confident smile at them.

"And besides, I'm a Kyoshi Warrior, first and foremost. I won't lose to a man."

(Later that night) [Khan's Abode]

Suki clenched her fist and the rest of her naked body while she lay on her front on Khan's bed.

"You're about to give in, I can feel it." She heard Khan's smooth, frustratingly sexy voice purr close to her ear- almost pushing her over the edge from just that alone.

Instead she just shook her head against the pillow as she denied it, "N-no, I'm not going to give in, I'm no–Ooooohhh~!"

A smooth motion of his finger was all it took to turn her denial into a drawn-out moan as Suki bit the pillow and came yet again, her pussy leaking her girl honey onto the bed sheets- adding to the growing stain left from her previous climax. She just knew he was cheating. He had to be! This was some kind of previously unknown type of Firebending. Nothing should be able to feel this good. Even masturbation didn't feel as good as this, and he was just giving her a massage!

"And that's the second orgasm." He chuckled, "One more and you lose our little gamble."

A candlelit bedroom, the gentle scent of incense in the air, a bottle of massaging oil from the Su Oku River Resort, and a small sexual wager between a Fire Nation Warlord and his Kyoshi Warrior captive... it was just her mission, nothing else.

It wasn't romantic or arousing or anything- being trapped in a room with an incredibly sexy bad boy who had a body sculpted straight out of her wettest dreams and hottest sexual fantasies. Not at all. Not even when he took his shirt off and began oiling up her naked body. Not when he was oiling her arms and she leaned her head up to trace his abs with her tongue. And definitely when he was doing her calves, and her thighs just swung open wide for him to show off just how dripping wet and flushed pink her virgin pussy was for him.

Those were all accidents... No, wait, those were deliberately for the mission. Spirits, she couldn't even keep her story straight in her own head.

"Mmmf~!" Suki just whined as he started running his large hands along her thighs again- so close, yet so far from where she wanted him to touch her.

"But aren't you the persistent one, Suki?" Khan chuckled as he continued the tantric massage, "Even after I told you no last night, you still chose to try again and stripped for our interview. But remember, if you cum one more time, we're going right back to the interview and you're going to be disappointed for the next three nights as well."

"Just a bit longer..." Suki panted as she glanced to the bedside table where a smoldering stick of incense was three-fourths from burning out- the time limit to their little game, "... Just a little bit longer, and you're going to take responsibility and actually ravish me tonight."

Yes, she needed him to fuck her so bad. Desperately, frantically, all night long... For the mission.

"We shall see." He growled and Suki shivered. Spirits, she loved it when he growled at her. Now all he needed to do was grab her by the hair while he pounded her into a coma, and it'd be perfect.

"Do my front too?" Her voice huskily invited him. "Men like girls with bigger breasts, right?"

"Forward." He answered as his large, warm hands kneaded up along her back, then across her shoulders before flipping her onto her back. And Suki found herself face to face with him, but shyly turned her head away instead while pushing her chest out for his hands.

"Mmm~ Do... Do you like them?" Suki whispered- blushing hotly as she stared at him with her blue eyes. All the while his large hands squeezed, kneaded and fondled her breasts. Her eyes glanced to the side and found that his trousers were pitching a markedly large tent for her.

"Looks like someone is interested as well." Suki smirked slyly, "You know that you can just fuck me right now, right? I'm all yours."

"Trust me, I had every intention of doing so after I finished the book." he sighed. "But since this morning, I've since changed my mind... I'll be trying a different tactic- dicking you down until you cooperate."

However, Suki barely heard it- unable to draw her eyes away.

"Mmmm... Spirits, that thing would destroy me..." She breathed, "I'm definitely going to win this."

He sighed; then with a flick of his hand, a bolt of fire incinerated the stick of incense completely. That was enough to snap Suki out of it who just blinked.

"You cheated." She pointed out the obvious, and Khan merely shrugged.

"Like I said, I changed my mind this morning."

"Wait... So, you've just been teasing me all this time!" Suki realised before glancing over to the burnt incense and putting on a lustful smirk as she looked at him with her best 'Fuck me now' eyes, "This still means that this is my win, Khan; and you know what you have to do next, right? Me."

Suki felt her heart jump when the powerful Fire Nation Warlord- who she had been begging to ravish her all night- actually heeded her wishes. His towering frame climbed on top of her, tore off his underwear and rested his bare and very large member on her equally bare but small virgin womanhood. And it was only then she realised that he might actually wreck her pussy with that thing...

...And Suki had never been more dripping wet her entire life.

"This is what you've been wanting, isn't it?" I asked this busty and incredibly horny redhead as I pinned down against the bed- dragging the underside of my cock along the delicate pink of her pristine virgin pussy.

"No~" Suki replied breathlessly- looking at me with those blue eyes, "Because you haven't put it in me yet."

She was small compared to me, and that fact seemed to only turn her on even more as I pinned this tasty Kyoshi Warrior to the bed with my torso and poised the fat tip of my sizeable cock right at her quivering entrance- certainly looking like it won't fit. And as expected, that only drove her wild.

"Please just put it in me." She mewled with unbearable lust, "I'll do anything!"

"Scream for me." I whispered to her; And with one thrust of my hips, I took this proud female warrior's virginity- spearing my thick cock into her tight, hot virginal depths in a single powerful stroke.

"YESSSSS~!" Suki screamed- certainly looking like she appreciated that as she threw her head back against the pillow. Her long, toned legs- still oiled up from the massage- immediately wrapped around my waist and dug her heels on my back. "Don't stop, please! O-Oh, I'm cumming alreadyyyyyy~!"

Of course, I wouldn't want to disappoint the girl who was loudly screaming for me to fuck her. And she was so incredibly tight! The silky wet folds of her virgin pussy clung tightly around my shaft- sparking pleasurable wet friction with every movement I made. Pulling my cock back- still glistening from her juices and a bit of her virginal blood... right before slamming it all the back between her pretty pink pussy lips in a loud wet slap. The wet splatter of her girl juices ringing out in the bedroom as she came over and over again. It was a lewd symphony, one where Suki happily supplied the vocals with her beautiful voice.

"That's it! Ravish me!" She screamed out with relish as if all her dreams were coming true, "Pound me into the mattress! Ruin me for any other man! Fuck my pussy until it's shaped perfectly for your amazing cock!"

"How demanding for someone who's my prisoner." I growled at her- hammering right at the submission kink that she so readily displayed as I took her hands and pinned it just above her head on the mattress. That seemed to be just the thing to push her over the edge as well. Her pussy's inside suddenly going crazy as a massive orgasm washed over her- practically gushing around my cock. Her long legs squeezed tight around my waist as she bucked her hips- trying to get every inch of large shaft stuffed into her little pussy as her inner folds milked me my shaft for all its worth.

"Yes! YESSSSS~ I'M YOUR PRISONER!"

'Game, do you have a built-in contraception function?'

= Yes, my Lord. =​

'Good, that's one less headache. Activate it.'

Fathering hundreds of children can come later in my campaign, right now, it was just pillaging. But I still wondered how far I could rouse her kink, so I leaned harder into it.

"Maybe that's not enough for you." I growled into her ear and ground out hips together, "Maybe I should just permanently keep you here in my bedroom as my little sex pet. Would you like that, Suki?"

"P-please I'm cumming again~!"

"You'll just be my warm, dedicated cocksleeve that I'll use night after night." I continued- hammering at her fetish nonstop, "And I'll use every part of you for my pleasure. From your perfect cocksucking lips to your breasts to both of your lower holes. My little bedroom pet who'll be dripping my cum from her holes day in and day out."

"N-no..." Suki whimpered helplessly, and I raised an eyebrow at her unexpected response.

"No?"

"No, I'll go crazy if you do that!" She screamed as she came again from that thought.

"Good." I grinned viciously, "Because I'm going cum inside you- paint your fertile womb's walls white with my cum and fill you up until you're dripping white with semen all day long tomorrow. And do you know what that'll mean?"

She shook her head- unable to truly think. So, I filled in the blanks for her as I leaned down until my mouth was right by her ear.

"You're going to be all mine."

Her blue eyes snapped wide open with a desperate, feral gleam.

"Yes! YES YES YESSS! I WANT THAT!" She begged- frantically bucking her hips up to meet every thrust and trying her best to get my cock as deep as it can go into her. "I'll do anything! I'll suck your amazing cock while you read, I'll pleasure you with my breasts while you ask me whatever questions you want, I'll gladly be your willing concubine whose womanhood you can use anytime you feel like! Just- Please! CUM IN ME!"

"Look forward to it, Suki, because here. It. cums!"

Her long legs tightened around my waist and her heels dug into my back- preventing me from pulling out.

"In me, please! Cum in me! Make me yours!" She screamed as her soaking pussy squeezed and tightened and milked my shaft. "C-CUMMMINGGG!"

As I had promised, I pumped her full of my seed. My own climax lasted longer than expected too- likely the Endurance stat at work as I seemed to have a never ending supply to shoot into the moaning Kyoshi Warrior beneath me. Dousing her thirsting womb with rope after thick hot rope of cum into this freshly deflowered redhead. Filling up her fertile insides until it was overflowing and semen mixed with her own nectar came leaking out from where we were connected. Lightly tanned skin flushed pink, mouth open and panting, a blank look in her blue eyes, and her entire body shaking from the aftershocks of her intense orgasm.

"W-wow..." was all Suki could say as she panted breathlessly.

"We're not done yet." I growled at her. "Your new job as my sex pet has just begun."

"I understand, master..." Suki slurred, utterly fuckdrunk as she looked at me with lustful blue eyes, "Please feel free to empty all of your balls' content in your sex pet's pussy."

With my Endurance stat, that wasn't going to happen anytime soon, but when her thighs swung wide again- presenting her freshly deflowered vagina to me, I knew that I had to at least try.

"Yess!" Suki squealed in delight as I sank back inside her.

(A week later)

For Suki, that night started it all, and now she felt like she was living in a fever dream. A very sexy one where her entire life revolved around sex with Khan.

As the 41st Division marched across the Earth Kingdom, Suki acted as Khan's dedicated concubine- on who eagerly sucked and fuck at command, both verbal and silent. Her duties included warming his bed at night, servicing him with her mouth and breasts in the morning, greeting him with her dripping wet pussy whenever he came back, and over and over. Days flew by as she did nothing but have mind-blowing sex with him, and Khan- being the utterly insatiable giant that he was- took full advantage of her nubile body. She had lost count of the number of times he had left her floating euphoria of post-orgasmic bliss and dripping with his seed from all her holes. And after a few days of his constant attention, Suki knew for certain that she was utterly ruined for any other men- that there was no other man under heaven who would be able to leave her in a haze of sexual satisfaction as Khan did.

So, it was with a heavy heart that they arrived where they were now.

Clad in her casual Fire Nation shirt and trousers, Suki walked openly in the 41st Division's encampment- the soldiers here treating her with all the respect afforded to her rank as the favoured concubine of the commanding officer. A wary nod of acknowledgement followed by an awkward silence. But that was of little consequence now, she supposed. Her knuckles rapped on the cell-coach of her Kyoshi Warriors, and the wooden window slid open to reveal her sisters-in-arms.

"Suki?" They greeted her.

"I have it. I have Dignity." Suki said- cutting to the chase. "I slipped a quarter of a vial into Khan's tea this morning like we planned, get ready for anything."

"Alright... But are you okay? You're shaking."

Suki looked down to her hand. Huh, she guessed she really was shaking.

"Just the nerves." she waved off. After all, she couldn't be having feelings for Khan. Besides, it was done, the poison had no antidote that she knew of. He'll be dead within the day, and she'll still be a Kyoshi Warrior, first and foremost.

It was at that moment that Khan also arrived to talk to her.

"Suki!" Khan's now familiar voice greeted her as he approached- clad as he was in his usual Fire Nation soldier armour.

Suki did her best to act naturally.

"Khan!" She deliberately sighed fondly with a smile of simpering love-struck sycophant, and Khan's large armoured hands gently held her shoulders.

"Suki, listen..." He began, "I think we're at the level of a relationship where I can and should afford you more trust. So, in an effort to demonstrate just that, you're going to accompany us as we raid what we suspect to be the latest, desperate attempt by the town of Gaoling to supply Omashu with rice and other goods. The city must be starving right now after we burned down so many of the surrounding towns and hamlets, and this first Quest that I'll have managed to complete, I'd like you to be there. I've already left your gear on the table."

Suki blinked in disbelief. He chose to do this on the day she killed him with poison? That... that was so deeply ironic that her smile almost faltered.

Khan glanced at her sisters before smiling at Suki, "Your sisters can come along too if they promise to behave."

... that was surprising.

"Thank you for gracing us with the oppor- Mmmm~" Whatever Suki was about to say or think next was cut off by a deep kiss from Khan- thoroughly pillaging her mouth like it was an Earth Kingdom trading caravan. Right in front of her sisters too. Her arms reflexively wrapped around his neck and a leg hooked around his thigh.

"We leave shortly." He reminded her as he left her breathless, "You know where the key to the coach-cell is. I have to go... check on our rice."

But as he turned to walk away, she noticed that he kept flexing his left hand.

"Are you okay?" Suki asked, worried in more ways than one. Was the poison working already? And why did she feel so ambivalent about it?

"Just a bit of numbness in my wrist, I'm fine." Khan nonchalantly dismissed her concerns. "You all best get ready- we leave shortly."

With that, he walked off to prepare as well- leaving Suki with her sisters.

"That... that was Khan?!"

"Suki! You never told us what he looked like under the helmet!"

"Why do all the cute ones have to be taken... or evil?"​

"It won't matter, he'll be dead within the day." Suki murmured as she led them to Khan's abode, "And we'll be able to move on with our lives."

...

It was... refreshing for them to be able to once again garb themselves in their ceremonial Kyoshi Warrior uniforms. Black armour over green kimono, immaculately painted faces, and even their War Fans. It had only been a week since they'd been captured, but it had felt like months instead. And although they were still technically captives... Suki knew that they wouldn't be for much longer.

She and her sisters rode with the raiding party alongside Khan, and as the day progressed so did Khan's numbness- apparently having slowly been creeping up his arm by the time they encountered the massive caravan train that the town of Gaoling sent. Amazingly, the numbness did not seem to hinder Khan's fighting prowess much- using his deadly meteor hammer to smash aside the caravan's escorts as if he wasn't poisoned at all.

Suki and her sisters didn't need to fight, but it took everything in them not to intervene as the escorts were slaughtered. The ferocious brutality of the 41st still gave Suki pause. The normal Fire Nation soldiers ducking and dodging around Earthbender stones, and their ostrich-horses taking large bites out of the living and feasting on the dead and dying. It only reminded Suki that they couldn't blow their cover now. Not when the poison still hadn't taken full effect. So, they stood by as Khan and the 41st did what they did best and slaughtered the resistance to the man.

Once the dust settled, Suki and her sisters soon found themselves standing alongside Khan as he interrogated the captured caravan masters who were bound and kneeling right beside their caravan. Meanwhile in the background, the 41st Division soldiers were offloading nothing but sacks of rice from the caravans' holds.

"I see..." The indomitable giant said. "So, Bumi and Beifong are indeed getting very desperate now that the noose is tightening around Omashu. The food situation is even worse than we thought.... Excellent! The siege will go even smoother now that we know they're starving."

Almost a hundred thousand people in Omashu consigned to starvation... Suki reached her limit.

"Khan, the people of Omashu shouldn't suffer needlessly! Please let them go!" Suki bravely pleaded to him. He paused to look at her, the whole Fire Nation raiding party did so actually. Suki knew it wasn't in her place to do so, and she may have just killed her and her sisters like this... but no, after that slaughter, she believed that she had to take a stand. She must still have some good will with Khan. She had to!

"Why did I have a feeling that you'd ask something like that? Very well..." Khan sighed before looking over to his troops, "Load up the rice onto the caravan! We're only taking luxury goods."

"Sir?!"

"You heard me!" He growled loudly, and the Fire Nation soldiers of the 41st Division hurriedly obeyed- loading sacks of rice onto the caravan. Shaking his head, Khan looked over to the caravan masters, "You lot. This is your lucky day. Thanks to the Kyoshi Warriors, we're only taking half of your cargo."

Immediately, the caravan masters prostrated themselves in front of Suki and her sisters.

"Thank you, Kyoshi Warriors!" they chorused, "Thank you! We will tell Omashu of your deeds today."

"Just get out of my sight." Khan growled, and they certainly didn't need to be told twice- scrambling for the reigns of their ostrich-horses before their caravans lumbered on.

Under the orange sky of late afternoon, Suki just stayed silent as Khan tracked the caravan train's movement until it disappeared over the northern horizon.

"41st Division, move out!" He declared before taking a step, swaying, then collapsing face first onto the ground in a loud thud.

"Khan, sir!?" "SIR?!" "HEALER! The Captain is down!"​

"I'm.. I'm sorry." Suki whispered her sincere apologies to the giant who had bested her and... made her into a woman in a whirlwind affair. He may have been a horrible person, but at least he was a good lover. Suki looked to her sisters as they began searching for an escape route...

"Stop. Stop!" Khan, who was apparently very much alive, shouted in frustration, "You're all such shit actors!"

"Sorry, sir; but they didn't teach us Theatre in boot camp."

"Ugh..." Khan grumbled as he stood up to his full height- dusting his uniform off as he looked over to where Suki was. "Alright, now that part has failed. Let's talk about that poison that you tried to give to me."

"W-what?" Suki took a step back. "Y-you knew?!"

"Give us some privacy!" The giant roared to his troops who immediately obeyed as they double-timed it away.

"Of course, I knew." He shrugged as if it was the most natural thing in the world, "I would have been perfectly fine with our arrangement if you hadn't tried anything. I could have been easily convinced to spare your island and let you go back to it after the war. But since you were going to play underhandedly, I decided to do that too."

He looked Suki straight in the eye.

"I discovered and replaced the poison with white, starchy rice-water days ago. Just after your first interview in fact. So, the only poison you administered to me was that horrible cup of tea that you mixed it in. The growing numbness in my arm? Just me practising my acting skills. Very convincing, wouldn't you say? As for where the actual poison went however... well, I was curious so I reverse engineered it. But clumsy me, the first batch might have fallen into something when I tossed them out. Maybe something like... some sacks of Gaoling rice?"

Suki recalled all the Fire Nation soldiers who had loaded and unloaded the rice back on the caravan, and she realised just where the poison went.

+ T +

A wall sentry at Omashu clutched his painfully grumbling stomach as he surveyed the endless rocky horizon.

"A Gaoling caravan is arriving!" He urgently cried out, "And they're holding up a sack of rice! THEY HAVE FOOD!"

"FOOD!? Quick, send a runner to inform King Bumi!"

+ T +​

"No... no, no, no! NO!" Suki screamed in panic, "We have to stop them from eating that rice!"

"You're not going to make it in time anyway." Khan scoffed at her, "By the time you arrive, the rice will be on some Earth Kingdom noble's plate. And right before they take that first bite, the Kyoshi Warrior's name will be on their lips..."

His green eyes stared at her through the eye slits of his skull-helmet.

"...you know what that means, don't you?"

+ T +

The caravan master gave a dramatic retelling of the events that occurred to an audience of Earth Kingdom nobles and the ruler of Omashu, King Bumi himself.

"... The Kyoshi warriors beseeched the Giant for the sake of Omashu, and so moved was he by her earnest plea that he granted her request and let us go free with the food!"

"Truly the power and influence of woman cannot be underestimated, wouldn't you say, King Bumi?"

"Hooh boy, is that man whipped bad! Glad that I don't have that problem! Oheeheeheehee! *snort*"

"Too right, my king- Aauggh?! P-poison!?"

+ T +​

"The Kyoshi Warriors are now traitors to the Earth Kingdom." Khan shrugged nonchalantly. "They'd kill you on sight."

"No, that wasn't us! That was you!" Suki shouted, "We can still clear our name!"

Khan let out a cruel bark of laughter.

"That would be a great plan if I didn't send a report to Fire Nation Command and a message to Earth Kingdom of your... collaboration with me."

+ T +

The Captain of the Omashu Earthbender garrison read the letter in his hands that were shaking with anger.

'The Kyoshi Warriors send their regards.' was all the letter wrote.

"Those traitorous women! We lost how many of our citizens and perhaps even King Bumi just because these turncoats accepted Fire Nation gold! Send a message to the Earth King of this betrayal! We must not let those Kyoshi Traitors do this again!"

+ T +​

Suki watched as the Giant shook his head as he spoke, "So, as far as the Fire Nation and the Earth Kingdom are concerned... the Kyoshi Warriors deliberately poisoned Omashu's food supply to aid in its invasion. The legend of the Kyoshi Warriors will live in infamy alongside my deeds."

"No..." Suki murmured.

"You tried to kill me even after I afforded you special treatment, so I responded by striking at you. Not you six specifically, but the Kyoshi Warrior's name. Even if the Earth Kingdom wins this war... The world will forever remember Kyoshi Warriors as Avatar Kyoshi's greatest mistake."

"HOW DARE YOU!" Suki roared as she charged him with her war fan- intent on dying an honourable death in battle. That was the only way she could even begin to redeem the name of the Kyoshi Warriors now. But even that was denied to her as Khan immediately disarmed with contemptuous ease using the chain of his meteor hammer. All without harming her.

"Suki..." Khan said her name not with anger, but with disappointment. And that somehow only made it hurt more. "You really should know better. Just accept that you've been outplayed and formally surrender this time."

Suki just squeezed her eyes shut and gritted her teeth in frustration. They couldn't- can't stop him. They tried every trick up our sleeve, all the strength in their bodies and it still wasn't enough... and now...

"You won't even give us the dignity of dying in battle..." She despondently murmured.

"My enemies deserve no mercy, no dignity." Khan firmly replied, "But I don't want you to be my enemies, I want you for your notable combat potential, not to mention I've also grown slightly fond of you... So, I'm offering to fix all of this if you swear you turn coats to work for me instead."

That wasn't enough to move the rage burning in Suki as she furiously glared at the Giant that had torn down the Kyoshi Warrior's legacy in one stroke.

"Why would we ever think of doing that?!" She yelled out defiantly. "You did this! You're the one spreading these lies! And if we decline your 'generous offer'? If we refuse to surrender?! What then, Khan?! WHAT THEN?!"

"Then you'll die as my enemy, I'll even afford you a warrior's death." He said simply and calmly, "And not long after your deaths, this book will be published and distributed to every library, school and personal collection in the world."

Khan's large hand reached into a pouch on his waist and pulled out a familiar book with a leather cover of green and gold. Fine golden lettering spelling out the title proudly: An Interview with a Kyoshi Warrior. By Khan.

He looked her in the eye.

"It will say nothing about this night- A blank spot in history." He explained, "And the world will treat the absence of tonight's account as confirmation of what everyone already knows: That the Kyoshi Warriors were traitors, that it was their nefarious plot that precipitated the fall of Omashu... and that all it took for you to turn coats and spit on the legacy of the Avatar you worshipped was Fire Nation gold."

Khan's voice turned less harsh.

"But if you do surrender, if you do swear your unquestioning obedience and unflinching loyalty to me... I'll write my account about this night, and although your names will forever be stained by your association to me, the world will know of your noble sacrifice, and the legend of the Kyoshi's proud warriors will stay pristine... it will still be an ideal to be striven for."

Night slowly fell on the clearing as the two choices weighed heavily on Suki's mind. Just the howling the evening breeze slipping between the short distance between her and Khan. Her, in her armoured green kimono that cloaked her slim frame and her painted face. Him, in his Fire Nation armour that ensconced his massive form and his skull-faced helmet. Two enemies, two lovers.

"Well, Suki?" He spoke softly- in almost the same tone of voice he used during the afterglow of their lovemaking, "What shall the history books read?"

He was making this her decision despite his part in all this... What an infuriatingly complex man.

The breeze brushed through her auburn red hair as Suki's blue eyes looked up to the night sky.

The twinkling stars that were most likely spirits dotted the sky... as a child Suki used to believe the Avatar Kyoshi was one of those shining stars- an unreachable ideal that they nonetheless had to strive for. It was on nights like these that she made promises that she meant to keep, because she believed that it was witnessed by Kyoshi herself. And it was on a night just like this that she swore to her fellow Kyoshi Warriors that they'll always be sisters. Even now, Suki knew that they felt the same as her. Sisters Forever...

With a sigh that was lost in the evening breeze, the Kyoshi Warriors made their decision.

As one, they knelt on one knee before the Giant of the Fire Nation. As one, they rested their clenched fists on the ground. As one, they bowed their painted faces low. And as one, they spoke the sacred oath that the Kyoshi Warriors reserved only for the second coming of Kyoshi herself.

...

"In this life or in our thousandth life, the Kyoshi Warriors will live to serve you, our Khan."​

[On a bison somewhere high in the sky]

"NO!" Aang cried out as he jolted from his nap, and immediately, Katara was there.

"Aang! Are you okay?" She asked, concern for him sparkling in her blue eyes, and the setting sun behind her back.

"I don't know..." he muttered with downcast eyes- curling his skinny knees to his chest, "For a second there, I just felt... off."

Sokka immediately pounced on that with a panicked expression.

"What kind of off? Be specific, Aang!" He urgently probed, "Like a bad sandwich off? Cuz we split a few sandwiches and we might wanna fly closer to the ground just in case an... emergency potty break is needed."

Aang just shook his head as he looked out to the horizon in the south-east as he spoke, "No... it was as if someone close to me had just left me behind to be with someone else."

Katara just hugged him warmly- running a mitted hand over his bald head.

"It was just a bad dream, Aang." She reassured him, and he smiled- he had an amazing friend in her.

"Thanks, Katara..." He said, leaning closer to her touch, "I'm sure it was nothing."

- The Kyoshi Warriors' Dignity End -​


AN:

I hate this chapter... I don't think I got anything right. Oh well, I can only hope to do better next time.

Had some trouble deciding where to take this fic... mainly, I wanted Khan to have unique motivations. Almost went full Kuvira mode there. Not a bad thing, but she was more into order than raiding and pillaging.

9k words because waifus deserve proper narrative respect...
Last edited: Feb 6, 2023
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Ghjikl, besrkx3, Lumiere_DB and 1,808 others
Infonticus
Feb 5, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 4: The Thirst
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Feb 11, 2023
Add bookmark
#409
Chapter 4: The Thirst

New Quest:
THE CAPTURE OF OMASHU

Main Objective: Claim the Earth Kingdom city of Omashu from King Bumi
Secondary Objective: Complete the Quest before the Fire Nation Siege Corps arrives

Rewards:
Massive Reputation increase with the {Fire Nation}
Massive bonus exp

Secondary Rewards:
Perk Points x4

+ R +​

It was night by the time we returned to the encampment.

With flames in our hands, the raiding party looked like a long religious procession in the darkness of the Earth Kingdom wilderness. Meanwhile, the Kyoshi Warriors- still in their full armoured regalia- stayed silent as they walked beside me the entire march back. The gravity of what they had just done was undoubtedly still weighing heavily on them. Their painted faces were set in stony expressions as they digested the fact that they had essentially defected to Fire Nation, or more specifically, to me.

Companion acquired: Suki
* Raise Reputation with Suki to unlock the recruitment of more {Kyoshi Warriors}. *

+ R +

For besting Kyoshi Warriors in both direct combat and subterfuge; and being their only hope for clearing their name...
{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} Reputation : 30 -> -10
{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} Obedience : -25 -> 25

+ R +​

I was down to negative Reputation with them, but I had finally brought their Obedience up to the positives. I'll consider that progress! After all, I honestly expected it to be a lot lower. Negative ten Reputation was impressive considering that I framed them for a horrendous atrocity that I committed and was now in the process of making them fight their former allies for me. But apparently, I was growing onto Suki...

"I'll be making the announcement to the troops." I told them. "Let me do the talking, but don't show weakness."

"We don't plan to, Khan." was Suki's icy response.

... Yes, it was clear that she was really warming up to me.

I gave the order for the entire division; and soon, the entirety of the camp was assembled before us. The platoons of spearmen in their red and black armour, the squads of Firebenders and the growing number of mounted scouts. All standing at attention in neat, disciplined blocks as they looked up to me and the Kyoshi Warriors as we stood on a wooden platform overlooking them all.

"Proud soldiers of the Fire Nation." my voice boomed loud and clear to the gathered division, "This band of Kyoshi Warriors have formally defected to the 41st. Yes, I know what you're thinking; and no, I'm not expecting you to treat them as equals. The type of bond that you have with the Fire Nation soldier standing beside you cannot be replicated. The Kyoshi Warriors did not spring from the volcanic bosom of Fire Islands of our homelands, nor do their blood burn hot with the stock of the fabled dragons' disciples as yours do. They will never truly be Fire Nation."

Suki's blue eyes momentarily glanced at me- unsure where I was going with this, but she and her sisters stood firm regardless. I continued my little speech to the troops.

"Instead, you will look upon them as the first Fire Lord did look at the disparate and warring tribes of the Fire Islands which he forged into a nation: As your newest allies! After all, the Kyoshi Warriors have come to us bringing a most handsome gift of friendship... in the form of a great heap of our enemies' corpses and the Earth Kingdom's second largest stronghold for the taking. They have given you a most generous gift; where are your manners?!"

In perfect sync, the men and women of the 41st bowed low at the waist and put fist to palm, and as one, their voices rang out as they thanked them in a customary Fire Nation manner.

"Your gift sparks joy in our hearts, Kyoshi Warriors!"

"41st Division, Hone your skills and sharpen your blades." I ordered them, "We will march to take Omashu in three days! Our arrival will be directly preceded by Omashu choking itself on that special Gaoling rice, and such is our generous nature that we will come to bring them a traditional Fire Nation dessert, nice and fiery hot. Dismissed!"

There was an atmosphere of excitement when I made the announcement. Morale had naturally high after we burned and looted those eight villages, and repelled those Earth Kingdom response forces. Both the 41st's war coffers and the coin pouches of my troops were fat with Earth Kingdom money. The servants that we captured were also put to good use. We had the gold, and the women... Now all we hungered for was glory. A big target to win us the admiration of the Fire Nation, and that target was Omashu.

Alright, that should be enough to cover the Fire Nation side of this potential friction between the Kyoshi Warriors and the 41st Division. Now, I have to ensure that Suki and the others didn't.

"So, how will this work, Khan?" Suki questioned with lips in a thin line, likely referring to their current servitude to me.

"For now, I'm assigning you an officer's coach to share." I began with a small olive branch of peace to them, "Get settled in and requisition whatever you need from the quartermaster. Afterwards, come to my private quarters so that we can discuss your duties."

"... Okay." The redhead nodded- and with one last wary glance at me- walked away with her sisters-in-arms.

Meanwhile, I walked back to my personal quarters. I needed some time alone as I considered the next order of business.

Level up Achieved!
​
[Khan's Abode]​
​
The metal door to my quarters shut behind me and I sighed, "Okay, game. Before the Kyoshi Warriors arrive, hit me with that flood of notifications."​

[Quest - Raid and Pillage] Completed!
Main Objective: Completely disrupt the Gailong-Omashu trade route

Rewards Granted:
Large Reputation increase with the {Fire Nation}
Massive bonus exp
Legendary Item x2

+ R +​

For disrupting the vital Gailong-Omashu trade route that fueled the Earth Kingdom defence...
{Fire Nation} Reputation : 6 -> 26

+ R +

Level up Achieved!

Name: Khan "The Giant"
Level: 4 -> 5
Level exp: 81/2000
Rank: Captain. 41st Division, Fire Nation Army.
HP: 780/780
Strength: 53 -> 54
Dexterity: 51 -> 52
Constitution: 57 -> 58
Intelligence: 4 -> 5
Spirit: 37 -> 39
* 1 Perk Points Available.*
(Increase Intelligence to earn more Perk points per level!)

+ R +

Lvl 50 Strength Perks Available:​
[Lvl 2] Power Move (Passive): You don't 'run.' You kick the ground until it takes you where you want to go. On top of your Dexterity, add (25% -> 50%) Strength to your running speed and jumping height.
Furor of Furious Fury (Active): Angry caveman powers, activate! For the next 4 strikes you make, your strength is doubled.
Flex it off! (Passive): You feel a lot better after you pose and flex your muscles. On top of your Constitution, add 25% Strength to your Health points and Resistances calculations.
Overpower (Passive): Hit 'em hard when they're not looking, but hit 'em even harder when they are. Gain 20% bonus Strength against enemies that you're not outflanking.​

Lvl 50 Dexterity Perks Available:​
[Lvl 2] Parkour Prodigy (Passive): Running? On the ground?! Like some peasant!?! (Double -> Triple) your Dexterity bonus while performing parkour.
Riposte (Passive): A skill distilled from a billion hours in Soulsborne games. Attacking directly after a successful parry now carries a guaranteed crit.
Pickpocket Prodigy (Passive): Yes, you can actually steal equipped items; yes, that includes their underwear. Double your Dexterity bonus while pickpocketing.
[Lvl 2] Bullet Time (Active): Dodge the bullets that haven't been invented yet. Three times a day, slow time to (80% -> 70%). Bullet Time duration in seconds is equal to a tenth of your Dexterity stat.

​
Lvl 50 Constitution Perks Available:​
Iron Gut (Passive): Not to be confused with iron abs. Double your Constitution bonus to resist Poisons, Toxins and illnesses.
Clench! (Passive): Brace your glutes! You gain 10% damage reduction for all attacks that you see coming.
[Lvl 2] Relentless (Passive): Be the Party Animal as told in the legends. You no longer require sleep, and all physical fatigue gain is now reduced by (25% -> 50%).
Berserker Rage (Passive): Your incredible anger is your weapon, you are... Karen Incarnate. Gain bonus Strength, Dexterity and Spirit proportional to your missing HP. Up to 200% bonus stats more at 1% HP.​

Lvl 20 Spirit Perks Available:​
It's not a Dance! (Passive): ... But it just might be a sex position. Double your Spirit bonus when learning/experimenting new bending styles and forms (and sex positions).
Spirit Rush (Active): Yes, overconfidence is now a power! Once a day, double your Spirit. Spirit Rush' duration in seconds is half your Spirit stat.​

* 1 Perk Points Available.*

+ R +​

14 perks, 1 perk point at my disposal.

Once again, the importance of Intelligence could not be overstated: It was the stat that amplified every other one by virtue of these powerful perks. Every level that I went by with low Intelligence was a couple of perk points that I permanently missed out on. And the bad news kept coming as it was only going to get worse as I levelled up. Like with all games, the required exp to level up increases. Perk points should have been more abundant in lower levels, but since I was an idiot and made Intelligence my dump stat- I was now paying the price dearly.

At this point, I should start saving up perk points- they're about to get a lot rarer as time goes by.

In the meantime, I needed both an offensive edge as well as a safety net, and the [Berserker Rage] perk served both purposes nicely. Practically a power up that scales to the difficulty of the encounter that I'm in. Very useful.

The Perk [Berserker Rage] Purchased!

* 0 Perk Points Available.*

+ R +​

My current build was forming up nicely though.

The added misdirection stemming from the disconnect between my height and my build was very welcome, and it will never stop being amusing how people keep underestimating me because of my height. It always happened in the clashes with Earth Kingdom forces, and it also happened when I first fought Suki and the Kyoshi Warriors. My enemies always assumed I'd be a slow, lumbering giant from my size; when in actuality, I was a mostly Dexterity build with a focus on speed and mobility. The vertical mobility given by [Parkour Prodigy] coupled with the pure speed of [Power Move] meant that I could move around the battlefield like a speedy acrobat on the level of Ty Lee or the Kyoshi Warriors.

Oh, the looks of horror on their painted faces when I utilised my full speed against them was one for the ages.

Not that I was a slouch in terms of damage dealing either. The [Meteor Hammer: Wind Up] skill was my most reliable source of damage; meanwhile, my Firebending offered a decent, versatile backup in a pinch. Finish off my current build with the reduced physical fatigue of [Relentless], and I literally could do acrobatic combat all day. Side-stepping the rock throws of my enemies, parkouring away from area-of-effect attacks... all while staying outside of their weapons' reach and hammering away with charged up strikes of my meteor hammer.

All in all, the [Berserker Rage] perk is a really good fit. But now came the moment I've been looking forward to: the items! And they were...

(Legendary) [Mysterious Egg]
A red egg almost as large as a volleyball, similar in size and shape to a normal ostrich-horse egg. It seems to softly hum a song that it is just too faint to hear.

(Legendary) [Flask of Refillment]
A metal flask that dispenses an unlimited amount of whatever popular drink you desire. Self-cleaning.

+ R +​

... How incredibly useless. I was hoping for a legendary-quality meteor hammer or a magic item that increased my stats. Instead, I have a big egg and unlimited free refills. I would definitely have felt cheated if it weren't for the fact that I was going to raid and pillage anyway. These rewards were pretty much just bonus rewards than actually incentivising me to do stuff. Still... Pouring myself a cup from the flask, I found that it was at least nice to have access to modern drinks that I normally wouldn't have access to, like soft drinks... Huh, it even has the rarer drinks like Cherry Vanilla Coke and Mountain Dew Cake Punch.

As for the egg though, I simply set it aside. I'll have to wait and see what comes of it.

(A few minutes later)

A crisp knock on the front door of my quarters resounded just as I finished changing into casual robes.

"Sir, the Kyoshi Warriors are here."

"Send them in." I beckoned as I sat down behind my desk, and my six new companions filed in- still wearing their armoured green kimonos, and their painted faces set stony expressions. Suki stepped forward with a frown- arms crossed over her chest.

"Alright, Khan. We're listening." She prompted.

For being incredibly attractive in casual clothes...
{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} Reputation : -10 -> 0
{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} Obedience : 25 -> 30​

... I had been expecting them to be in casual clothes as well. But if they were going to make this easy for me, I may as well take advantage of [Pretty Privilege] perk as much as I could.

"You're surprisingly cooperative." I couldn't help but point out, and Suki's red painted lips frowned deeper.

"We gave you the most sacred oath that the Kyoshi Warriors could make. We aren't about to forswear it." Suki explained before sighing with a resigned expression, "Whatever you order of us, we'll... perform to the best of our abilities. That said, it doesn't mean we have to like it."

The other Kyoshi Warriors beside her nodded grimly as well.

"I see. Then I'll cut straight to the point." I nodded as I took off my helm- setting it aside as I looked the ladies in the eye one by one, "You are to be my honour guard."

That announcement seemed to have caught the Kyoshi Warriors off guard. Their painted faces glanced at each other with bewildered looks before Suki stepped forward- her blue eyes searching my green ones as she voiced their collective confusion, "You have a division of dedicated Fire Nation soldiers and you're choosing the Kyoshi Warrior defectors you have to be your honour guard?"

The question confused me as well before I promptly realised what they were concerned about: They must think I was looking for perfect, lockstepping soldiers rather than the nimble ninjas that I actually wanted.

"Ah, I see why you would be confused." I said smoothly, "But the reality is that it has only been a few weeks since I've taken command of this division; and despite training them well, the soldiers of the 41st Division are not what I'm looking for in an honour guard: They're too rigid, too slow, and altogether lacking in lethality. What I do need in an honour guard are those who can keep up with me in terms of speed and agility. And you, Kyoshi Warriors, are all that and so much more: trained in stealth, speed and acrobatics since early childhood; and a natural skill with blades that have been nurtured well. Oh, if only your tutors hadn't perished from that great storm a decade ago, I would confidently say that you'd have been more than a match for even Imperial Firebenders by now..."

I looked at the Kyoshi Warriors with an evil grin on my lips. The gathered women warriors shivered before me.

"I want the best as my honour guard- as my personal executioners. And you're it, Kyoshi Warriors... Whether you like it or not."

Another shiver. That was a 10/10 villainous monologue in my completely unbiased opinion. And yet, the Kyoshi Warriors just shared yet another bewildered look with each other.

"That's not what we meant..." Suki looked me in the eye, "I'll say it out loud: You're not actually going to take advantage of us? Sexually? Hand us out to your officers or to your men as toys? Or keep us around just to be your personal sex slaves?"

That gave me pause.

"... Suki, did you just make me waste a good villainous monologue, because you were thinking with your vagina?"

"Well, it's a valid concern!" She defensively cried out, "You spent the last week bending my body to your cock! We've fucked on every surface in this quarters at least once, I've sucked your cock enough times that I can taste it in my dreams, and I even gave you titjobs while answering your stupid history questions for your book!"

Surprisingly, it was one of her sisters-in-arms who took my side in this matter- giving Suki the side eye.

"Suki..." She said lowly, "That last one wasn't part of the plan: You were supposed to distract Khan with sex to slow his writing of the book. Not have sex with him while helping him write..."

The redhead just looked away with a blush, "I got a little carried away sometimes, okay!?"

"... not that we can blame you."

The last part was just a whisper between the Kyoshi Warriors, but I still heard it. I massaged my temples, I wasn't even angry about the deliberate distraction- it was to be expected.

For having a reputation for being an insatiable and capable lover, and nice biceps...
{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} Reputation : 0 -> 2
{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} Obedience : 30 -> 32​

I stopped massaging my temples and placed my hands back onto the table- much to the thinly hidden disappointment of the Kyoshi Warriors.

"Look..." I sighed with exasperation, "You've all been my captives for more than a week. It should be very clear which kind of evil Fire Nation warlord I am. I'm trying to burn down the world and build something greater on its ashes. I can let the men have Earth Kingdom girls all day long, but doing that to you? Not a chance. You're going to be my honour guard."

Suki just adopted a sour expression like she'd bit into a lemon, grumbling at me, "I hate how- out of everyone who has encountered the Kyoshi Warriors- you are the one who actually takes us seriously the most... Fine, we're in no position to refuse: We will be your honour guard."

"A verbal agreement on top of a binding oath is always appreciated." I nodded. "We'll begin our joint training tomorrow. The troops will respect you more if they actually see what moves you have. For now however..."

I was about to berate Suki for the misinformation I encountered in our book, but I paused as an idea came to me. I needed to raise Reputation and Obedience with the Kyoshi Warriors; and judging by their thirsting... I had to wonder if it could actually be so simple as to just keep them sexually satisfied and farm Reputation and Obedience? There was only one way to find out, I suppose.

The Kyoshi Warriors stiffened as I turned my eyes towards them.

"For now... Suki, come here."

Suki was very familiar with that specific look- it was the look I gave her when I had a long day and I was about to take it out on her willing nubile body. And despite her still being in full Kyoshi Warrior regalia, Suki's body language still immediately fell back into the meek and submissive posture that she had gotten used to for the past week- pushing her generous bust out, hands down to her sides, and just looking away with a deep blush as she gingerly walked to me. Looks like the [Trainer] skill extended to training girls into becoming obedient bedroom pets as well, good to know.

"y-yes master..." She shyly whispered as she went to her knees, and the gasps of her sisters-in-arms could be heard as Suki's gloved hands expertly fishing my hard shaft from its confines. She wrapped her gloved fingers as much as she could before pumping it in well-practiced motion.

For having a big cock...
{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} Reputation : 2 -> 5
{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} Obedience : 32 -> 35

+ R +​

"Did you really think I wouldn't find out that the information you gave me for the book was all wrong?" I told her as I pulled out the book we had been working on, A single cross reference was all it was needed! The entire first manuscript of the book is worthless! This won't even impress a casual reader at a library!"

"I'm sorry! I didn't mean to- Urghk!"

There was something viscerally satisfying seeing a Kyoshi Warrior clad in full regalia and wearing the full traditional Kyoshi face paint, almost choking my cock.

"Mmmm~ <3"

Only almost, because after the initial surprise wore off, Suki was already expertly bobbing her head up and down in well-practiced motions. The proud Kyoshi Warrior leader kneeled on the floor, her gloved hand holding my cock steady at the base as her red-painted lips smeared lipstick all over my shaft. Black mascara ran down her snow-white cheeks as she enthusiastically continued her oral service. And everytime my grip tightened on her auburn locks, she sucked hard in lustful gratitude as her blue eyes looked up at me and silently begged for me to do it again.

I obliged her, and she shivered in pleasure from the rough treatment.

For a few whole minutes, my quarters was silent save for the wet sounds of the redhead's enthusiastic fellatio- guided by my hand on her head. I turned my attention to the rest of the Kyoshi Warriors who were hypnotically watching their team lead act like the submissive sex pet, and I posed a question to them, "I assume you're all able to read and write in traditional Earth Kingdom script?"

"Yes." they chorused in unison as they reluctantly tore their eyes away from the lewd display that Suki was putting up.

"Good. The rest of you are going to be fixing her mistake then." I growled before tugging Suki's hair forcefully enough that she moaned uncontrollably around my cock, "And Suki? Don't spill a drop."

"M-mmm... okay..." Suki whimpered before going back to swirling her tongue around the tip of my cock- coaxing out her prize that came gushing forth. Her gulping was audible, and so was her sisters' nervous gulps as well while they watched Suki as opened her mouth to show off her prize that filled her mouth and submerged her tongue in white. Closing her mouth and her eyes, Suki obediently swallowed thickly until- with a breathless pant- She opened her mouth and showed a spotless tongue.

I gave a brief nod- resting my shaft on Suki's face for her to lewdly stew in her desires before I looked over to the rest of the Kyoshi Warriors watching with rapt, dumbfounded attention.

"We're going to go over the same topics that I did with Suki, and I want them right this time." I told them as Suki attentively cleaned my large shaft up with soft licks and kisses.

The Kyoshi Warriors gave a dutiful nod.

"You can cock on us." the Kyoshi second-in-command said with a serious expression before her sister-in-arms lightly elbowed her side. It was only then that her eyes flew wide as she realised what she said, "Count! You can count on us!"

I rolled my eyes as I lifted Suki off the ground onto my lap- my large hands lifting up her green kimono's skirt until it was bunched up on her lower back. Her toned panty-clad ass was exposed to the warm air right before I tore her plain white panties off of her, and it fell to the ground with a soft splat.

"Okay, Suki. Get to work."

"No, not in front of my sisters!" Suki pleaded, but a meaty *thwack* resounded as my palm met her bare ass, and immediately, all the fight left the submissive Kyoshi Warrior. "o-okay..."

Steadying my cock with one hand, Suki bit her lip as she poised her dripping wet pussy right on the tip of my spit-covered cock. Her blue eyes momentarily met eyes with her thoroughly dumbstruck sisters-in-arms, and she shamefully screwed her eyes shut before dropping herself down to the hilt.

"O-oohhh~! Cumming already! Please don't look!" She immediately cried out- burying her face against my chest as her hot insides squeezed down tight in uncontrollably pleasure- her hot girl cum dripping splattering as she shivered from pleasure. Her blue eyes glazed over in pleasure. "Shoo goo~ood..."

"Keep moving." I told her with another thwack to her firm ass, and Suki was obediently back to frantically fucking her soaking cunt up and down my shaft- moaning and mewling in pleasure. The fuckdrunk leader of the Kyoshi Warriors lewdly dragging her tongue across my pecs in full view of her sisters-in-arms.

"She's going to stay like this for the entirety of our interview." I stated in no uncertain terms to them, "She deserves it."

Flat looks aimed at me, and envious ones at the redhead fucking herself with all her might on my hard shaft. The Kyoshi Warriors apparently disagreed, but not in the way that I expected.

"No, she doesn't... Suki was always bad at history."

"She definitely doesn't deserve this over something like a fluke."

"Yeah, especially when she made it out that having sex with you was the worst thing ever."

"Getting reamed for a full week straight by a Fire Nation hunk was a 'great sacrifice,' huh, Suki?"

"So, really... please don't punish her anymore with your large throbbing cock."
​
"You- you're all the worst!" Suki whined as she wildly came again, and the envious looks from the other Kyoshi Warriors were clearly evident on their painted faces.

I figured that fucking all six of them would probably raise their Reputation and Obedience, but there was chance they they'd react poorly to that specific order. So, why leave it to chance when I can just make them watch and stew in their own sexual frustration until they themselves surrender to me? If they're going to just give me a reliable way of farming Reputation and Obedience from them, then I'm just going to keep farming thirst from these girls until they surrender completely...

"I'm going to cum, Suki." I told the girl on my lap.

... And that means that they're just going to stand there while I creampie their leader.

"In me, master! Sow your thick seed IN MEEE~!" Suki just begged- her hot, silky folds squeezing down around my cock to milk me for every last drop. The Kyoshi Warriors just watched hypnotised as Suki's moan grew higher and louder as with each thick spurt of cum I shot into her fertile womb. Atomic blushes on their faces, biting their painted red lips, wringing their hands, squeezing their thighs together and nipples almost hard enough to poke through their breastplates.

Just as the fully-armoured Kyoshi Warrior leader on my lap started to catch her breath, I began to move her up and down myself.

"N-no, wait, I'm still so sensitive!" Suki half-heartedly pleaded with a moan as her still shaking legs rested limply on either side of my waist. "So deep! Ahhnh~!"

"Alright, grab that pen and paper and take a seat." I told the gathered Kyoshi Warriors over Suki's moaning. "We'll start the interview."

"Y-yes, master." they breathed before following my orders.

For being virile and sexually insatiable...
{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} Reputation : 5 -> 7
{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} Obedience : 35 -> 37

+ R +​

... Being hot was living life in easy mode, I see.

(Later that morning) [41st Division Encampment, The Training Yard]

Under the heat of a noon sun and amongst the shouts of exertion of sparring Fire Nation, my voice's loud command resounded clearly.

"Again!" I barked. And at my word, six Fire Nation Spearmen with blunted practice spears charged forward at their opponents: The Kyoshi Warriors.

Fully dressed in their traditional uniform of an armoured green kimono and painted faces, Suki and her five sisters-in-arms drew their katanas to engage. I noted with an approving nod as I saw how quickly their draw was: Drawing steel at such speeds that their blades looked like they were just flashes of light. Wood thwacks sounded out as the spear shafts were parried by katana blades, and the Kyoshi Warriors closed the distance in less than a heartbeat- their katanas poised against the necks of the spearmen.

When this first happened, there had been an incredible tenseness as the Kyoshi Warriors had to visibly hold back from giving into their reflexes of killing Fire Nation soldiers, and vice versa. But now, my troops merely gave a professional nod of acknowledgement- like a fencer acknowledging a point to their opponent. With this, that made the score 9-15 in favour of my troops.

Trainer Level 10 Reached - New Skill Perks Unlocked!​
Group Comprehension Lvl 2 (Passive): Monkey see, Monkey do. Train up to (12) students at a time without suffering training speed penalties. Training (6) students or less at a time now trains them at double speed.

About time. That was more than good enough.

"Good form, everyone!" I told them, "We'll conclude weapons training for today. Dismissed."

"Sir, thank you, sir!"​

The Fire Nation soldiers bowed before walking on wobbly legs to their respective tents. I shook my head, we'll be sieging Omashu soon, but it was still a tall order to fill. It would appear that my plan will have to hinge on the newly recruited Kyoshi Warriors.

"This... this has a lot harder than I thought it would be." Suki panted as she and her sisters took a seat on a wooden bench to catch their breath, completely exhausted after training for the last four hours.

"It is necessary though." I said to her, "You fell into the age-old trap of only training against the same weapon you wielded. When was the last time you even sparred with someone who was using a spear or a sword-and-shield?"

"Honestly? Never before this." She replied as she drank deep from her flask of water, "It's not like we had any other sparring partners on Kyoshi Island, and we all used war fans and katanas. It's actually kind of disheartening to lose to regular Fire Nation soldiers who aren't even benders."

"Ha! These aren't normal Fire Nation soldiers." I told her with a bark of laughter., "These are the 41st Division, I've been training them very well. They're leagues faster than the average soldier on the field. But I do find it interesting that even with your slight Dexterity advantage, you can't overcome the disadvantage placed on you."

"Dexterity?" Suki repeated, "I guess you can call it that. And what disadvantage?"

"Katana wielders are at a marked disadvantage against thrust-type weapons with good reach."

"Har har. Nice pun, Khan." Suki drawled while the other Kyoshi Warriors looked away with a blush.

"It's also true, and worth training for. Particularly because Earth Kingdom armies primarily favour the spear."

Suki stayed silent at that- just taking a rag to wipe clean and oil her Kyoshi Katana and saying nothing. Her painted face conveyed her contemplative mood as she looked up to the blue sky. The reality of her now fighting for the other side must still be sinking in. I was confident that she and her sisters will keep to the Oath they swore to me when the time comes for her to actually strike against my enemies. But it can only help my case if her Obedience was high enough to secure her loyalty to me on its own, I had a feeling that I'll need it for the eventual showdown she'll have against the Gaang.

"Are we really going to try and take Omashu?" Suki calmly asked in a serious tone of voice, "It has withstood the Fire Nation for a hundred years. What makes you think your attempt will be any different?"

"With or without our intervention, Omashu's surrender to the Fire Nation is already carved in stone." I revealed to her, "By taking the surrounding towns and disrupting trade with Gaoling, we have already begun to starve them out. And once that dedicated Siege Corp from the Fire Islands arrives in a few weeks, King Bumi will have no choice but to surrender the city to the Siege Corps if he wants to spare his citizens from the brutal siege."

The reality of the situation came crashing down on Suki and the other Kyoshi Warriors- specifically, the reality that the war was not going in their favour. Their gloved hands gripped their Kyoshi Katanas tightly.

"So, why even attack Omashu?"

Because the [Quest:The Capture of Omashu] says that if I take it before they do, It'll give me four whopping perk points for me which I sorely need right now. I had a really bad feeling about how the Gamer System was affecting the power scaling of this world, and I needed all the advantages I could gather before the avalanche arrived. Of course, I wasn't about to reveal that massive piece of information to Suki, so...

"Because I refuse to let someone take credit for my work." I answered instead, "And they'll undoubtedly mismanage the city."

"Mismanage?" Suki quoted with narrowed blue eyes, "And you can do better?"

"Oh, I already have. But it'll be easier to show you." I grinned, "Prepare to march soon. We'll be arriving in town to buy the supplies needed for the siege."

At that statement, Suki raised her eyebrows in surprise as she disbelievingly said, "There's an Earth Kingdom town that's willing to trade with you?"

"Of course!" I laughed, "They can hardly refuse the people who had the town built in the first place, can't they?"

"Wait, you built a Fire Nation town on Earth Kingdom territory?!"

I laughed even harder.

(The day after)

The noon sun was up and shining gently when the 41st Division marched into the town flanked by two rivers.

Suki had expected the worst out of the town that Khan boasted about constructing. In her mind, she had vividly pictured dark metal towers that speared up at a darkened sky- belching black smoke and mucking the rivers green with industrial filth. Its prisoner-denizens with sunken eyes and starving bellies as they were trodden into the ground for the sake of the Fire Nation war machine. Everything she had heard about the usual operations from the Fire Nation, she expected from Khan's town.

"But this... this wasn't what I expected at all." Suki murmured as she craned her head with her sisters, their painted faces looking this way and that to take in the town. A neat row of white stone buildings rose on either side of the boulevard they walked down on. Young trees were planted on both sides of the road, and under their shade, unshackled Earth Kingdom citizens drank tea and ate food from the cook-shops. It was almost idyllic.

Her sisters voiced their disbelief.

"We had passed through a couple of Earth Kingdom towns, but none were like this..."

"This looked more like Ba Sing Se from the stories we've heard than a Fire Nation town."

"Yes, welcome to the town of Yellow Palace." Khan presented to them as Suki and her sisters-in-arms followed in the shadow of his large armoured frame, "Population about four thousand. It's not much, but it's something. Just built it a few weeks ago after all."

"This is surreal. You built all of this?" she asked with an incredulous arc of her painted brow. "This place looked even better organised than all the towns we had passed by before you made us your captives."

"Why do you look so surprised?" the giant asked, "A team of Earthbenders can build a stable house in under half an hour including logistical consideration. With proper training and motivation, I was able to get it down to about five minutes. And I have more than a dozen teams working right now. It's almost like having infinite money in Cities: Skylines..."

He extended a large arm out to point locations out to Suki and her sisters.

"Anyway... Marketplace/Commissary should be at the centre of town, but shops of the various guilds are scattered about. For food, you should be able to find small tea places and cook-shops in every neighbourhood; just don't expect much from their menus- the farms have only been built a few days ago after all. Clean water should be in ready supply everywhere without going to the river. I had aqueducts built to divert river water into a bare-bones water treatment plant which supplies the city with clean, potable water. Basic drainage system is also in place so that waste won't run on the streets. Other town utilities include a postal office, a police station, a fire department, and a clinic... All of which should be here in the town square. Oh, and the newly formed Yellow Palace Troupe also performs at the open air theatre every weekend."

They stopped as they reached the centre of the town square. A great stone obelisk at the centre acting as a sundial for the people glancing out their windows.

"What's that place?" Suki pointed at the largest structure thus far- a monolithic stone structure with green roof tiles that dwarfed all the other structures in the area. She fully expected it to be Khan's palatial home, so it came as a surprise to her when instead he said...

"Oh, that's the immigration centre." Khan shrugged. "With the war in full swing in this area of the Earth Kingdom, we're seeing a constant stream of refugees from the small nowhere hamlets trying to escape the war or just general poverty. Poor things had their hamlets razed by the Fire Nation. In response, I've ordered the town to take a more welcoming stance towards refugees. Seamstresses and carpenters, hunters and medicine women, acupuncturists and artists... Everyone is sorted and sent to their respective guilds for gainful employment."

Just as he finished his explanation, Suki watched as Fire Nation soldiers from the 41st led a parade of miserable-looking Earth Kingdom refugees to the immigration centre, and she immediately figured it out- rounding on Khan with her suspicions.

"That Fire Nation force going around raiding, pillaging and razing villages wouldn't happen to be the Giant and his Horde, would it?" She accused him with narrowed eyes.

"Naturally!" He laughed without shame, "These people have nowhere else to go after we had taken everything valuable they have, claimed their sisters and daughters as concubines and razed their sorry, poorly-located and poorly-governed hamlets to the ground. Of course we'll graciously welcome the homeless refugees into my town."

He led them to take a seat outside one of the inns where other people were apparently eating their breakfast. Unsurprisingly, the other patrons- seeing the warlord that forcibly resettled them- hurriedly ate their food to excuse themselves. Khan didn't seem to mind at all.

"They're better off here anyway." He unapologetically said with a shake of his head, "Zero homelessness, zero unemployment rates, and better standard of living. Before, the average starving Earth Kingdom citizen lived in single room homes where entire multi-generational families slept, cooked and bathed in the same room. It was barbaric. So, I made the two-bedroom home with a common room and shared bath as the minimum standard. Small, but a massive improvement to living conditions."

Suki glanced at her sisters for a moment before looking back at the Fire Nation giant.

"Khan, are you... a Fire Nation noble by any chance?" Suki couldn't help but ask, "Because that's how it is everywhere. The only places that have those lavish multi-bedroom places and dedicated baths are the manor's of nobles."

"I see..." he said dumbly, "So, that's why even the troops were looking at me so strangely when I commanded it. Regardless, this is the new standard that I'm aiming for. And no one is stopping me."

Suki just looked at the man strangely. "... I'll be honest. Building a village and making sure its inhabitants live comfortably flies in the face of the image of the conquering Fire Nation Warlord I had of you in my head."

Khan's skull-faced helmet just nodded in understanding.

"If it makes you feel better, It is in the 41st Division's best interest to keep the citizens in Yellow Palace." He explained, "This town is our primary source of supplies in more than just supplying food and water. Uniforms need to be mended, arrows fletched, weapons replaced, tents weaved, carts constructed. All from the Earth Kingdom citizens themselves."

"The skills and expertise of eight villages concentrated into one place..." Suki muttered in realisation. "Was this the Fire Nation's plan all along or did you come up with this by yourself?"

Despite his helmet covering his face, Suki just knew that Khan was smirking.

"I did. We all stand on the shoulders of giants- learning from their wisdom and adding our own to it." He solemnly told her, "Just as you strive to emulate your Avatar Kyoshi, I strive to emulate the likes of Chinggis, Ogedei, Mongke and Kublai... Conquering the world, connecting the once isolated kingdoms, uniting them under one system then refining it to perfection."

Suki didn't recognise those names- it really didn't sound like Fire Nation to her ears.

"Burn the world down and build something greater on its ashes... This is it." He said to her- gesturing to the town around them, "This is the start of that 'something greater.' This is what I could build from the ashes of eight tiny villages within a month. Now, imagine what I could do with the whole world across the decades."

Suki could see the determination in his words, and the indomitable look in his eyes. And she knew that if anyone could actually pull it off, it would be him. And it turned her o- scared her, it scared her knowing that one man could have that kind of immense impact on the world.

"But aren't you afraid that the Earth Kingdom will send an army to this town?" She couldn't help but ask.

"The Earth Kingdom?" He asked with a light chuckle as if she had told a joke, "And they'll do what, exactly? Raze this town to the ground while it's filled with their own citizens? Send them back to the smoldering cinders of what remains of their respective villages? March them leagues upon leagues away to Ba Sing Se where they can beg and starve on the streets? Even the citizens here know that they have a better shot at life in this place than anywhere else. The Earth Kingdom will have a better chance at unfucking the daughters that my troops have taken as concubines and regenerating their maidenheads than convincing the citizens here to leave."

"Now excuse me for a few minutes..." The giant of a man muttered as he stood up, "I'm going to cook us some food." "Likely the last proper hot meal that we'll have on the march to Omashu."

Now that caught Suki off guard.

"You, the Fire Nation Giant, cook?"

"Yes, I cook." He said- his green eyes staring at her pointedly through the eye slits of his helmet, "After some unnamed assassin tried to poison my tea, I don't trust anyone else to prepare my food anymore. Also, no one in this blasted country knows how to cook. So, stay right here; I'll be back in a few minutes with something actually edible. I should be able to squeeze in the experience to increase my [Cooking] skill..."

Without another word, his armoured bulk marched off into the inn. Suki and her sisters watched him off with various thoughts running in their heads.

"Khan is full of surprising skills..."

"I thought he was a noble, and they don't cook their own food."​

"Maybe he just learned it during his time in the Fire Nation Army? His view on the world is skewed like he hasn't been outside his mansion until now..."​

"Khan, a noble?" Suki echoed the running theory. She had thought Khan to be a barbarian rather than a noble... but shifting her perspective a bit, she could see it too. His brutish methods that Suki once attributed to barbarism... they were just typical arrogance of the nobility directed towards a war. His selective cluelessness that she thought was from a lack of education... they were now just the misconceptions of an out-of-touch noble who never had to mingle with the rabble before. Even his looting of books that she thought was just a thief's eye for value... it was now an actual educated nobleman with a passion for books. It all made sense now.

"Spirits give me strength to endure the giant in my kitchen." A familiar voice interrupted her thoughts, one that Suki immediately recognised.

"Uncle innkeeper?"

"Yes." The old gray-haired man with the liver-spotted face grinned at them, "The spirits have deigned for our paths to cross yet again, it seems... With me as an innkeeper in his new village, and you as his first set of concubines."

"We're not his concubines..." she answered for the group, "Khan has decided to make us fight for him instead."

"More's the pity..."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Suki pointedly said with narrowed eyes. She really wasn't in the mood for remarks about how the Kyoshi Warriors aren't good enough for this war.

"It is always a great tragedy..." the old innkeeper began with a weary sigh, "...whenever one who is capable of great good, willingly chooses to walk the path of destruction instead. Even a simpleton can look at this place and know that Khan could bring about such peace and prosperity to the realm, but he chooses instead to focus his energies towards this wasteful war. I had hoped that with lovers by his side, he could be persuaded to the wisdom of hanging up his weapon and living a peaceful life."

Suki's blue eyes glanced at the town around them before settling back at the elderly innkeep.

"I know what you mean, but... Khan retiring to a peaceful life? I don't see it."

The old man just gave her a broken-toothed grin as he replied to her, "For someone who doesn't wish to be judged by her appearance, you are swift in doing the same..."

"Get better chefs, old fart." Khan grumbled as he walked back from the kitchen with a bounty of food on a tray. It was surreal for them to see the warlord Giant of the Horde acting as a waiter. A brown apron barely covered the front of his red and black Fire Nation armour, alongside his skull-faced helmet as he placed a dish of baked fish in brown sauce down in front of Suki and her sisters... followed by steaming bowls of rice.

"I did have a better chef in my employ before he was burned alive." the old innkeeper pointed out, but Khan just scoffed- tossing his apron at the elderly man.

"If his cooking was as good as his Earthbending, then he wasn't that good of a chef."

"Pardon me... I must calm down the staff." the wizened old man just sighed before walking into his inn.

"Wait a minute..." Suki murmured- eyeing the food he cooked, "Is this... elephant koi?!"

"You recognise it that easily?" Khan asked as he sat down with them, "Yes, it is actually. We had sent our own caravans to start trading with Chin village down south. They, in turn, trade with Kyoshi Island who supply the Koi. Well, not your village in particular."

Suki took a bite of the food and frowned at the giant.

"Okay, but why is it better than what we have at home?"

"One of the first things taught to a Firebender is the precise control of temperature." Khan smugly hummed, "And precisely controlled heat is important for cooking proteins. Also, you all need to learn how to season and spice your food properly. And no, I don't mean just dumping spice onto it like in the Fire Islands."

That only reinforced the 'Khan is a noble' theory for Suki as she glanced at her sisters-in-arms.

"Heavily seasoned food is a noble's luxury, Khan." She pointed out to him, "Not everyone can afford that many spices from so many parts of the world."

"Hmm... I must have been underestimating its rarity then." He muttered, "Well, ea, drink and be merry, Kyoshi Warriors. Because tomorrow, we march for Omashu."

Suki watched as Khan took off his helmet to eat, immediately drawing the eyes of her sisters and some of the Earth Kingdom women nearby as well. The man seated before her was definitely some Fire Nation noble... a 7ft tall Fire Nation noble on the opposite side of the war with a handsome face, an amazing body and a really nice cock. That can also cook really well... Her ovaries screamed at her to lock him down.

Suki chewed her lip as she stared at him with undisguised lust.

Although she didn't know it yet, she would look back on this as the moment when she sealed her fate, and it all started with just one dangerous thought that was the height of feminine hubris and thirst.

'I can change him.'​

[Lake Laogai, Earth Kingdom Capital of Ba Sing Se]

Long Feng sipped on a cup of Jasmine tea as he sat in his favoured study in the base. The fireplace before him contained a green flame that he always found conducive to his meditations. The deep underground nature of the base lended a certain feeling of solitude that granted him the strength and wisdom to correctly manage the Earth Kingdom from the shadows.

"Grand Secretariat, sir." A Dai Li knelt in respect behind his seat- the quiet flow of his robes the only other sound he made, "We have a new report from Turquoise Team regarding their mission to tail that relentless assassin... She has now infiltrated a Fire Nation Cruiser heading for the Capital Island of the Fire Nation."

Long Feng hummed- stroking his long black beard in consideration. As protectors of Ba Sing Se's cultural heritage and the latest generation of acolytes to the legacy bestowed to them by Avatar Kyoshi herself, he personally believed that it was only right that they were the ones to guide the Earth Kingdom- leagues more so than the short-sighted royal bloodlines. After all, they preserved the soul of the Earth Kingdom itself, but bloodlines still held some modicum of importance... and not just to them either.

"She has travelled to every corner of the Earth Kingdom and now she steers a course for the Fire Nation as well?" He pondered out loud, "Someone is going through great lengths to extinguish this particular bloodline despite its fall into irrelevance... Do we have any news on the identities of her clients?"

"Malachite Team have not reported any significant progress on that front, sir. The Garden stubbornly holds to their policy of client discretion."

"No matter." Long Feng replied as he took another sip from his tea, "We will ferret out the truth with or without their cooperation. For the moment, however, send word to Citrine Team to see if they can identify the poor fool who is her latest next target. That may shed some light on this matter from a different angle."

"And what shall be their rules of engagement, Grand Secretariat?"

"Against the Fire Nation? Whatever they deem necessary." Long Feng specified, "Against the Thorn Princess Yor herself? Avoid and evade. Do be certain to stress that in the message, the Dai Li can scarcely afford the loss of another team to that monster."

"As you command, Grand Secretariat."

Quiet as the wind, the Dai Li stood up and promptly left to execute his orders.

He had to prepare Ba Sing Se. Long Feng could feel it in the bones buried beneath his feet, taste it in the waters of the lake, hear it in the wind's whispers ... and see it in the emerald fire. There was a storm brewing in the distance.
- The Thirst End -
​


AN:
Never again will I do inordinate and almost 'tistic levels of research... just for this chapter. A wiki dive into medieval living conditions, reviewing my fluid mechanics textbooks, two books on the history of Genghis Khan to Kublai Khan and a not so quick consultation with my grandmaman over proper preparation for fish.

By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Lumiere_DB, r1516, JetTheKnight and 1,683 others
Infonticus
Feb 11, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 5: The Fall of Omashu
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Feb 22, 2023
Add bookmark
#554
Chapter 5: The Fall of Omashu
[The Earth Kingdom wilderness] (Just before dawn)

Omashu. An Earth Kingdom fortress city that was said to be second only to Ba Sing Se in grandeur and immenseness.

It was something I had to see with my own eyes.

So far, I had only encountered tiny Earth Kingdom villages that had been drowning in famine and poverty. But I knew that the world of Avatar was more than that- filled with examples of amazing fantastical architecture, and Omashu could be counted as one of them. But more than just wanting to see it out of curiosity, I also had to see this fabled mountain city for myself so that I can place the finishing touches to my original plan: Conquering the city, crushing any Earth Kingdom resistance, planting the Fire Nation banner atop its highest point and gorging ourselves on the spoils of war before moving on.

That was why- under the cover of night- I accompanied a small scouting force to traverse the steep hills, unforgiving mountains and deep ravines of Omashu's outer border. Just myself, ten {Ostrich-Horse Scouts}, and the six {Kyoshi Warriors}. The main force of the 41st Division will be taking longer to manoeuvre across this harsh landscape.

One of my Scouts swivelled on his ostrich-horse to face me- his Fire Nation armour hidden under an inconspicuous brown cloak as she spoke, "My Khan, Omashu should be just beyond the crest of this hill: We will have a good vantage point while concealed amongst the boulders."

"Excellent." I replied as I led my own ostrich-horse on foot, because I've yet to find a mount that could carry my armoured bulk. However, that suited me just fine: My Constitution, Dexterity and the [Relentless] perk made long marches easy for me. Soon, I'll be able to outrun these strange hybrid creatures myself, and make them even more redundant.

The same couldn't be said for my honour guard though.

"I can't believe we wanted to make this journey on foot..." Suki commented, the redhead Kyoshi Warrior in an Earth Kingdom peasant disguise as she rode atop her own ostrich-horse. Her blue eyes looking with unease at the treacherous terrain that led to Omashu. The winter snow made it unclear which was walkable ground and what were the overhanging roots that broke when you put your weight on them, and with a hundred foot drop, knowing the difference was very important. The ostrich-horses with their keen noses could easily tell though.

The other disguised Kyoshi Warriors made noises of agreement from their own ostrich-horse mounts.

"Omashu is surprisingly hard to go to."

"Back on Kyoshi Island, you wouldn't know that there was so much dry land in the world..."

"Or that mountains can grow so tall."

"My feet are already hurting just from looking at it."
​
Their chatter was cut down to one word, however, when we crested the hill and beheld Omashu in all its glory.​

"Wow..."​

A massive city sprawling over an equally massive mountain. With a steep ravine encircling the mountain, there was nowhere else to enter the city except through the front gates. Attackers would either have to scale a high cliff several hundred metres tall, or straight out fly... all while Earthbenders threw boulders at them. The only approach to the city was a narrow, winding footpath where a single misstep meant a hundred metre fall to the brutal rocks below.

My entire scouting party stayed silent as they stared at the city we were going to take. At least, they did... until Suki said what everyone was already thinking, "How in the name of all the spirits under heaven are you going to conquer that?"

"We're already halfway there." I said- much to her surprise, "The city is almost ours."

"But... how?" Suki puzzled as she, the Kyoshi Warriors and even my own scouts looked at me like I've grown a second head. "You haven't even attacked the city even once yet!"

"There are other equally viable tactics to besieging a city aside from launching flaming boulders at it." I calmly explained, "Raze the surrounding villages and drive all their unskilled labour off as refugees towards the target city. Cramped and homeless in the big city, they'll sow panic and despair amongst the local populace about the imminent invasion- all while eating through the city's limited food supply with being unable to meaningfully contribute back. Now factor in how they've been cut off from their main source of food through the Gaoling-Omashu Trade Route, and Omashu has far too many mouths to feed with not even rice grains to feed them all."

Suki looked at the city and realised what must be happening within those walls right this moment, ".... and with Omashu full of starving, desperate people with nothing to lose; it's only a matter of time before the city tears itself apart from the inside."

"Precisely." I nodded, as everyone in the scouting party realised the plan, "At this point, we only need to intercept the incoming Ba Sing Se relief caravans undoubtedly coming from the North and Northeast; and Omashu will surrender within the month. However... we don't have that long. I estimate that the Fire Nation Siege Corp will be here in about three weeks, and I will not accept them stealing Omashu from us."

It was part of a common strategy employed by Chinggis Khan. People had always remembered him as some barbarian warlord that overwhelmed his foes with a horde of mounted archers. They almost never mention how he was a master of siege warfare, or that he had a deep understanding of people that he leveraged to deadly effect. And now, his martial wisdom will be put to use once again.

"You're being greedy, Khan." Suki pointed out, and I subtly glanced at the Gamer System window displayed on the corner of my vision.

New Quest:
THE CAPTURE OF OMASHU

Main Objective: Claim the Earth Kingdom city of Omashu from King Bumi
Secondary Objective: Complete the Quest before the Fire Nation Siege Corps arrives

Rewards:
Massive Reputation increase with the {Fire Nation}
Massive bonus exp

Secondary Rewards:
Perk Points x4

+ R +​

Four perk points- equal to four level ups at my current Intelligence Stat. It was quite the prize...

"Perhaps I am being greedy." I conceded the point before staring at Suki, "But we're still taking Omashu, and you're going to help me."

I had expected the redhead to disagree- perhaps even argue with me. But instead, she just hesitantly pursed her lips and glanced back towards the city. She seemed to consider the stronghold for a few seconds before looking back at me, "We'll do as you command, Khan. Do you plan to do to Omashu what you did with all the other villages?"

"No." I shook my head, "The 41st Division doesn't have the manpower to process Omashu's gargantuan population. And I have more important things to do than being burdened with administrating an overpopulated Earth Kingdom city. I'll leave that messy job to the Fire Lord's appointed governor."

That didn't seem to be the answer that Suki was looking for though. Her lips pressed into a thin pink line.

"That doesn't answer my question though." She pointed out, "How we're going to take Omashu, the second most powerful Earth Kingdom city, in three weeks!?"

"Three weeks?" I guffawed, "Don't be silly, this won't even take a week. As for the question of how we're going to be taking Omashu... well, I'll brief you all when the rest of the 41st arrives. Scouts, I want to know about every path, every hill, every cavein the area. They'll come useful for our upcoming maneuver."

"Yes, my Khan!" my scouts saluted before riding off with an excited chirp from their ostrich-horses.

"You six." I said- looking over to the Kyoshi Warriors in their green and black uniform. "Set up camp and make preparations for a mission later tonight. We're going to personally see to the downfall of this city."

Suki glanced among the five other Kyoshi Warriors- seemingly in a silent conversation before looking at me. Her deep blue eyes staring at me with an unknowable complex emotion as she quietly replied, "Yes, my Khan."

With those words, she and the Kyoshi Warriors wordlessly directed their ostrich-horses down the hill to pitch their tent. However...

Reputation check failed!
66/75 Reputation Required with {Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors}

Obedience save failed!
43/50 Obedience Required with {Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors}

+ R +​

My eyes narrowed as I watched the Kyoshi Warriors' retreating backs.

Now, that won't do at all. It did not specify what the consequences of failing that obedience check were; but nevertheless, the Kyoshi Warriors were too important in taking Omashu to just leave it be. My hand was forced: It would seem that Omashu will have to wait until I can secure the Kyoshi Warriors' loyalty.

I will need to... inspire some obedience in her and her sisters.

(Later that Night) [Kyoshi Warriors' Tent]

Outside their tent, Suki sat by the campfire with her sisters- all of them just staring anxiously at the dancing flames.

"I honestly don't know what to do..." She quietly admitted to her sisters-in-arms.

Khan was an overconfident fool- he had allowed his victories over small Earth Kingdom villages to get to his head, and it was such a shame. Because if it was just any other Earth Kingdom stronghold or town that they were assaulting, she and her sisters would have aided in it. Even killed innocents in his name... but assaulting Omashu? It seriously made her doubt that Khan was going to live long enough to see the end of the war and write that passage that would clear the name of the Kyoshi Warriors.

"Khan... he has some great ideas." Suki murmured- poking at the campfire, "He even knows how to make them a reality, and with the nudge in the right direction, he can make a positive difference in the world, but... I think his ego has gotten the better of him."

Her sisters' faces- illuminated by the orange glow of the campfire- nodded.

"I had doubts even before we saw Omashu ourselves, and now that we have..."

"It just seems impossible."

"We're seriously outnumbered, and that city... there's no way to attack it."

"If we try to attack that city, we're going to get massacred... or just fall to our deaths."

"... We're not going to clear the name of the Kyoshi Warriors this way."
​
"No, we're not..." Suki agreed with a heavy sigh. It didn't help that Khan had yet to brief them on the plan- keeping the 41st Division in a standoff with Omashu.

Oh, the 41st Division was well-coordinated, alright. Scouts in every direction to act as an early warning against any force wishing to attack the main force. Well-organised and familiar tent layout where everyone could figure out where the relevant tents like the mess, the quartermaster, the medical tents were in a snap. The troops practicing their usual training drills and maneuvers. All in all, Khan led his troops well, but... there was nothing that can actually help them capture a city whose garrison had them outnumbered.

"Doesn't matter how you slice it: This just seems to be a stupidly reckless move." She murmured- glancing down the hill they were on and to the myriad campfires of the 41st Division. "I may be a stupid islander who failed history class, but even I know that we need actual siege engines to take a city. We have none. Did Khan just forget to bring some along? Does he expect us to just charge down that narrow approach and drown Omashu with our blood? I really wanted to believe in him, but now, I think we have to consider actually-"

Suki's rebellious proposal to her sisters was cut off however as everyone around the campfire stiffened and quieted as a Fire Nation soldier climbed up their hill- her boots crunching against the soil in the silence. It was only when she neared that Suki recognised who she was: The Fire Nation sergeant who usually guarded Khan's abode.

"Khan is expecting you in his personal quarters now." She curtly said to them.

"We'll be right there." Suki replied. And with a sigh, she and her sisters stood up and followed the Fire Nation sergeant.

Meanwhile, Suki could feel heart beat nervously in her chest. Was it just her or were things just a bit tense right now? This actually reminded her of the first time she was led out of their cage where Khan was once again an unknown factor. Did Khan suspect that they might be having doubts? Was he thinking that they might actually break their Oath and run?

Those worrying questions stayed with her as they walked through the war camp.

It was just a short walk though, and Suki found themselves stepping inside Khan's metal shack- her sisters following behind her. The metal door clicked shut behind them, and Suki couldn't help but nervously fiddled with sleeves of her green kimono as she and her sisters entered to find him once again at his book-covered desk.

"Kyoshi Warriors." Khan's smooth voice greeted them. Still in his usual casual red robes and still preoccupied with an open book.

"K-Khan." Suki gulped back. Was it just her or was there a certain intensity in the giant's eyes tonight? The green almost sparkling like emeralds being held against the candlelight, and tonight, they were staring at her and her sisters with unusual interest. If she didn't know better, she'd have thought that he was undressing them with his eyes.

It was always like this. The possibility looming over her head that- at any moment he pleased- that man could just stand up at any time and launch her into another steamy night of amazing sex as he did what he pleased with her.

A shiver ran along her entire body at the thought, ghosting along her skin and terminating at her nipples and her crotch in a flighty tingle.

Suki had to remind herself that he wasn't interested in those sorts of things- not really. Always pragmatic, always surprisingly bookish, and always stinging at her womanly pride for overlooking her so easily. Even when he had been wantonly taking her body every night, it felt like she was just a passing interest on the way to more stimulating things. How many times had she wished that he'd take her seriously as a woman? Well, she had gotten her wish tonight, it seemed. His stare was so intense, and her body- which was already well-trained at this point- responded by heating up and growing wet.

Khan looked at them with a smouldering look in his green eyes.

Suki swallowed nervously. It was now or never. They should talk Khan out of assaulting Omashu. "Khan, please reconsider your a-"

"I want you." came the three words that she had always hoped for, but never actually heard from him. Suki immediately quieted down at that... maybe he'll be in a better mood to listen to their plea after taking out his sexual frustrations on her.

"Yes, master..." Suki shyly whispered- stepping forward and shrugging off her green kimono and leaving her completely bare in front of him. "T-take me however you wish. Please."

She could feel the eyes of her sisters glance at her too. Veiled looks of envy prickling at her naked back. After all, they were Kyoshi Warriors though, not nuns at a monastery. They weren't bound by an oath of celibacy, and they still had urges. So, when they were forced to watch as Khan took out his frustrations on her, there had been a silent agreement among them to give each other the courtesy of not mentioning how they'd been... relieving their stress with some alone time at night. He may be a violent Fire Nation warlord, but they couldn't deny their physical attraction to him. The fact that they were his captives just made it hotter and made their hearts race.

"I meant all of you." Khan amended- much to their surprise. "It won't do if I took Omashu before I have taken all of you... Strip."

Suki glanced back at the blushing faces of her sisters as they did as ordered- disrobing in front of him and slipping off their underwear to reveal that all five of them were just as dripping wet as Suki was.

They stiffened as Khan stood up from his desk- the warm light from the lanterns' flames making the giant's shadow come alive and gave him an almost menacing aura to him. His raven black hair in a handsome mess from wearing his skull-helm all day long, and his mouth set in a cocksure smirk as he looked at them. The physical embodiment of the 'the big bad Prince of the Fire Nation' character that they've read about in their hidden novels. Tall, handsome, smolderingly sexy, bad and so... untameable. It would take an earnest woman to change him, and the prospect that she could succeed in that and make him all hers... Suki bit down a whimper as she felt a trail of wetness drip down her thigh.

Of the six of them, Suki was the only one who didn't have black hair. Something that was made more apparent as her sisters stepped forward- literally abreast with her. Or at least they would be, if they had the cup size for it. Suki smugly noted. But to her less... blessed sisters, Khan didn't seem to discriminate.

"Beautiful and exquisite..." he murmured in approval, and they all blushed in response.... that was the first time he had so openly complimented them. And like a military officer appraising his troops (which technically they were), he stopped in front of them to run his hands over them one by one. And if Suki was going to be honest with herself, she wasn't surprised that this was happening, only that it didn't happen sooner.

"M-master... please." Suki heard her sister whimper for more- squirming slightly as Khan's large hand cupped her perky breast and flicked a thumb across the stiff rosy tip. A breathy little moan was the response which turned into a full drawn out moan as he reached down and ran a finger across her virgin femininity- the act that was so familiar to Suki that she could almost feel it just from watching it happen to someone else.

"P-please don't tease me so much~!" Suki heard her sister whine as she bucked her hips against his hand and smeared her nectar onto his palm

"Such a lovely voice... I think I'll start with you." Khan noted- much to the disappointment of everyone else. Grabbing the lucky girl by her pert ass, he led her to the bed- pushing her down and earning a delighted squeal of excitement from the lucky bitch. His large seven-foot-tall frame made the girl's slender body look downright tiny underneath him, Watching the entire scene, Suki realised that was how she probably looked when he took her virginity: A normal girl pinned against the bed- helpless, horny and panting breathlessly as the giant of a man looming above her undid his robes and poised his large manhood against her pink virgin lips. Unable to do anything but stare at the throbbing pillar of man meat that was about to give her the ride of her life.

"Just wait patiently for your turns: No touching yourselves now." he said- looking back at them with a smirk.

Then Suki and the rest of the Kyoshi Warriors just watched as he plunged right into her sister's moist quim with a single not so gentle motion. Plundering her virginity for himself with a single enthusiastic howl of delight from the girl in question. "Oh spirits, It's soooo big~!"

Like the brutish stallion of a warlord that Suki knew him to be, Khan didn't even give her sister time to get used to his prodigous size before he began thrusting in and out of her.

"Oh-oh-oh-oooohhh Yesssssss~! Harder! <3"

... Not that she was against it apparently.

Suki didn't know how long they stood there just watching him rail her. The splatter of girl cum with each powerful thrust. The constant moaning and the continuous begging for him to go faster or deeper or harder or all of the above. The grunts of exertion from him as he fulfilled her wishes and more- cramming her eager and willing pussy full with more cock than she had ever dreamed of taking. And the eager shouts of pleasure as she came around his cock again and again.

"M-more, please! Pound my naughty pussy into the mattress! Cum in me like you did with Suki!"

Suki chewed on her lip as she watched him sink his magnificent cock right down to the hilt in her sister's willing pussy. Balls clenching as he pumped her unprotected womb full with his virile seed. His large frame almost completely covering her with only her long legs visible as she wrapped them around his waist. And only when he withdrew from her sister's trembling form, did they see the aftermath: her once virgin femininity leaking a thick river of semen from her twitching hole and utterly ruined for any other man. She was all his now... just like Suki was.

"S-soo good...I-I can't feel my toes... Haaah~ <3"

Khan's still hard cock glistened with their combined juices as he pulled away from the panting girl on his bed. It was a weapon- Suki realised- one that could turn a proud Kyoshi Warrior into nothing but an obedient mewling slut begging for him to keep going... and she could only hope that she was next.

But unfortunately, she wasn't lucky bitch #2. Khan walked over to them, reached out and grabbed the girl beside her- picking her up like she was a ragdoll and roughly sinking her dripping slit down onto his large shaft with great force- the juicy splatter spraying against Suki's thighs as he bodily used her like a tool of pleasure. Normally, having the rough treatment would have been unacceptable, but since her face was being grinded against his pecs and abs, she didn't seem to mind it so much- what with her dopey grin and string of shameless screaming for more.

"O-Ohhhh~ More! Rearrange my slutty pussy to your cock! Paint my womb white!"

Suki squeezed her eyes and slick thighs shut as some cum splattered onto her toes. The next one, she's going to be the next one that'll be begging for him to reshape her insides and give it a nice white coat of sperm. She couldn't even touch herself like her sisters did when they helped Khan write his book. This was so unfair!

She was definitely going to be next... She had to be.

(Three more Kyoshi Warriors later)

Five well-fucked Kyoshi Warriors rested limply on my bed.

Their lithe, naked bodies were covered in sweat and cum as they held each other's hands for support. Their eyes hazy from pleasure as they panted breathlessly. My semen leaked from their freshly deflowered womanhoods, they were still shaking slightly from the tremors of their orgasms. As expected, they were all virgins and exceedingly tight and toned from their training. Having them as my honour guard now meant that I'll always have willing sluts following me around and eager to bend over whenever the mood strikes me. And best of all... they were actually grateful for it.

For finally taking their virginities after teasing them for so long...
{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} Reputation : 66 -> 79
{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} Obedience : 43 -> 56

+ R +​

Meanwhile, I finished with their illustrious redheaded leader... in a mating press.

"Saving me for Ah~ last... You're such a jerk!" Suki whined underneath me- her knees up against her bouncing breasts and her ankles up in the air as I pounded her vulnerable, throbbing slit to satisfaction.

"I can always just stop right now." I shot back- slowing down my thrusts momentarily to give her a taste of what she'd be missing out on.

"I'm sorry! Just keep going please! O-oh right there! Spirits YES~!"

"Does the valorous Kyoshi Warrior like getting pinned in a mating press so much?" I taunted her. Holding her hands above her head, I gave her a particularly deep thrust that battered the tip of my cock against her womb's entrance. And as expected, her trembling vaginal walls squeezed down tight as she came.

"I LOVE IT!" the busty redhead shrieked in delight as she did her best to milk me with her pussy... which she succeeded, and her voice rose as I urgently hammered away to my finish- unable to endure the silky wet heaven of her pussy anymore.

I battered open her cervix with my cock and pumped a fresh load of semen right in her steamy fertile depths, and Suki's voice climbed with each thick rope of cum I shot into her. Eventually, I emptied my balls into her and I was left with a nice cream-filled redhead Kyoshi Warrior.

"It's so hot... A-ah~" Suki whimpered as I pulled out of her thoroughly creampied pussy. "M-mmm... no... it's leaking out..."

All six Kyoshi Warriors, sexually satisfied. Hopefully, their Reputation and Obedience stats should be past the minimum required for them not to do... whatever it was that was the negative consequence to failing the earlier check.

Reputation check succeeded!
79/75 Reputation Required with {Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors}

Obedience check succeeded!
56/50 Obedience Required with {Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors}

+ R +​

"Both checks passed. Very good." I murmured in approval, "Alright, since you're all pole sisters now. I suppose I can brief you on the maneuver that we'll be conducting tomorrow at dawn."

"Khan..." Suki murmured with a pout, "You're an amazing lover, but... a mission brief isn't what a good afterglow pillow talk should be about."

"Alternatively, a mission brief shouldn't be preceded with sex, conducted in bed or with my dick still wet with my honour guard's combined juices, but here we are."

Suki's pouty red lips just pouted harder. "That's kind of your fault."

"... Fine, we can go for one more round after." I conceded, and immediately, six pairs of eyes flew open in attention.

"Okay!" The Kyoshi Warriors chirped all together, and I nodded before telling them the plan to take Omashu. It couldn't have been more than five minutes of explaining, and by the end of it, I had six Kyoshi Warriors sharing contemplative looks.

"That is actually a really good plan, Khan." Suki conceded- looking like she was genuinely convinced.

"You mean to say that I could have just told you the plan and you would have gone along with it?" I accused them.

"No, I'd say it was very necessary."

"The sex really put us into a listening mood."

"A tingly vagina is vital for an attentive audience. You know?"

"Mhm... Having a cunt full of fresh sperm really helps with my attention span."

"A nice warm bump in my belly."​

"Speaking of which..." Suki purred, her deep blue eyes staring at my still erect cock while she licked her lips, "... you promised us another round, right?"

"Fine, we'll do it in reverse order this time." I smirked as I strode over to them- a tangle of naked girls with toned bodies and lustful eyes. Subconsciously or not so subconsciously, their thighs spread slightly wider at my approach. I didn't even have to train them at all, it would seem. Having a cadre of naturally horny kunoichi-lites as my honour guard was already showing its benefits.

"I want to try the mating press this time!"

"Me too!"

"And me three!"

"Just fold me over like a possom-chicken egg omelette again, flame daddy!"​

"..."

"Uh... Suki?"​

"... Flame daddy?" I echoed. Not angry, just disappointed. "I just wanted to enjoy a second round of dicking down my harem of lovely ladies and you just had to make it weird."

A nuclear red blush exploded onto Suki's face as she panicked, "Forget I said that! I-I got carried away, okay?!"

I was supposed to be the most feared conqueror of the Fire Nation: The Chinggis Khan of the Avatar world. Now, I was 'Flame Daddy.' Hopefully, this is the last girl with daddy issues. And although it would remain unknown to me for a long time afterwards, it was at that moment that- all across the Four Nations- several girls simultaneously sneezed.

I sighed.

"Just never speak of that outside the bedroom, understood?"

"Really?!" Suki excitedly said- clearly turned on by the idea as her eyes turned hooded and her voice husky, "Be rougher with me this time... daddy?"

Tomorrow, Omashu falls. But for now, I had six girls on my bed to sexually satisfy. Even if one off them had a severe daddy issue.

(The dawn after) [Lower Ring, City of Omashu]

In a lonely Omashu alleyway under a starry deep purple sky just before dawn, the sound of metal dully scraping against stone rumbled out as a metal manhole cover rose from its rest and was pushed aside.

Silent as a ghost, Suki jumped out of the dark manhole- her painted face vigilantly glancing all around. Her gloved hand gripped her katana tight- ready to kill any witnesses to her infiltration of the city.

She tapped her foot twice- the soft sound unheard to anyone beyond a few metres from her. And immediately, the rest of the Kyoshi Warriors climbed out of the manhole along with their waterproof sack full of their gear. They took turns keeping watch and changing from 'wetsuits' to their proper Kyoshi Warrior armour. Soft whispers drifting between them.

"Who would have thought that there would be an entrance to the sewers below the city?"

"It seems like such a notable vulnerability to overlook..."

"Khan was right though: he never would have fit in those sewers."

"At least, he geared us for filthy sewer water beforehand..."

"... Yeah, imagine the stench sticking to our armour."
​
"Let's stay silent now." Suki softly quieted them down.

Fully armoured in their traditional Kyoshi Warrior regalia plus a cloak to hide their painted faces, they dropped their stinking wetsuits down into the manhole before closing it- leaving no evidence of their infiltration into the city.

"To the front gates, quickly." Suki beckoned to the others. Their mission, as Khan had explained to them in the middle of their lovemaking last night, was simple and clear. Suki could still scarcely believe it would work, but... Khan had been persuasive. A four step plan... imagine that. The second most secure fortress in the Earth Kingdom and Khan had narrowed down its downfall in four steps.

'Step 1: Infiltrate Omashu through the sewer system.'​

Under the cover of the predawn darkness, they made their way towards the Omashu's front gates. Passing by the cracked stone houses that looked like they had sustained from the food riots that no doubt occurred. Everyone from Kyoshi Island knew that feeling in those hard times- the gnawing ache in your belly that drove people to desperate lengths. Suki pitied them even as she worked to topple their city. The sooner they surrender, the sooner the Fire Nation could supply them food.

The six of them approached the main barracks of the Earth Kingdom soldiers which was right by its gates, and sat their cloaked forms against the wall- just six beggars on the road to everyone. Their role was merely to wait, but fortune favoured them as a group of Earth Kingdom soldiers in their brown and green uniforms shuffled close enough to eavesdrop on. Even better, one of them even had the two-feathered helmet of an Earth Kingdom captain.

"Hah, those rumours about that Fire Nation giant was all hot air." the captain told his entourage of round-hatted earthbenders. "Ran away with their tails between their legs like the cowardly deer-dogs they are. I expected more from the so-called 'Ozai's Elites.' Regardless... Next month, the city of Omashu will officially have resisted the Fire Nation for 100 hundred years. We shall feast until our bellies burst then."

"But sir... what was the Fire Nation running from sir?"

"There must be a relief army from Ba Sing Se approaching."

"So, we're saved!" One earthbender exclaimed in relief, only to earn the ire of his captain.

"Fool!" he growled, "That relief army may arrive soon, but the caravans with the relief goods might take a few more days to get here! And you know how those haughty Ba Sing Se bastards are! Notoriously stingy with sharing their food, it's like dealing with a den of weasel-snakes."

More grumbling followed before a more lightly-armoured Earth Nation Scout arrived through the gates and spotted the captain.

"Sir! They left behind a lot of supplies!" Suki heard the Earth Nation Scout shout, and she shared a look of understanding with her sisters from beneath the hoods of their cloaks. Just as they had discussed with Khan.

'Step 2: The 41st rushes a strategic withdrawal; leaving behind everything unnecessary to lighten their bags and march faster.'​

"It must be poisoned again." the Earth Kingdom captain dismissed with a disappointed sigh.

"But we already checked, sir!" the scout excitedly reported, "We fed it to some rats and the only sickness they had suffered were overstuffed bellies!"

Even without seeing the facial expressions of the Earth Kingdom troops, Suki could see the moment the wave of desperate, hunger-fuelled anticipation washed over the captain and his men.

"Quickly!" he cried out with the urgency of a man who hasn't eaten in a day or two, "Rally up the men, we need everyone strong enough to carry a sack of rice out there now!"

His entourage saluted just as hurriedly. "We'll knock on the porter houses and gather as many able-bodied men-"

"To the underworld with the civilians!" the Earth Kingdom Captain spat, "They'll riot again just for the chance to pillage the food for themselves! And if that's not enough to dissuade you, then our 'noble' officials will also have us exiled into the barren wastes if we don't deliver it to them first! Wake the previous shift up! We need everyone we can get to secure that food before the scavenging animals tear at them! NOW!"

Suki watched them scramble in every direction. So desperate were they at the prospect of food that they didn't even spare Suki and her sisters a second glance as they ran past them. Several minutes passed without much else occurring until a large contingent of Earth Kingdom soldiers were eventually assembled at Omashu's massive stone gate- all ready to retrieve the supplies that were left behind. There were a lot of them, enough to outnumber the 41st Division actually.

From underneath her disguise's cowl, her blue eyes watched as two teams of Earthbenders stationed atop Omashu's walls opened the main gate- practically just a stone wall as thick as a house that they slid to the side and allowed the contingent of soldiers to leave the city walls.

"Now, Suki?" One of her sisters asked as she eyed the wide-open gate. Suki could see her sisters grip their katanas at the ready just as the two teams of Earthbenders in charge of the gate were distracted.

'Step 3: The Earth Kingdom soldiers rush out to secure the supplies... depleting the city's garrison and leaving it defenceless to the infiltration force to open the gates.'​

"Now!" Suki hissed- throwing off her disguise, "Move as one!"

Their Earthbender targets may have been high up on the walls, but Suki and her sisters weren't Kyoshi Warriors for nothing. Their training on Kyoshi Island was put to good use as they ran up walls, pulled themselves up ledges, leapt onto higher and higher rooftops with all the grace and silence of a cat owl on the hunt. Their parkour exhibition would have been noticed if there were more guards left on the walls, but they had all been pulled away by that Earth Kingdom captain's orders. They reached the top of the massive stone wall that cradled the city of Omashu without the alarm being sounded.

Of course, staying stealthy while standing atop a stone wall in broad daylight was much harder.

"HEY! You're not supposed to be up here!"

Spotted by the target Earthbending gatekeepers, Suki and her sisters broke into a steely-eyed sprint. Some scant stones were launched their way but Khan's training took over as they effortlessly dodged the hardened rocks like the spear thrusts of Khan's soldiers. The same couldn't be said for the Earthbenders: The lightning quick draw that Suki and her sisters had practiced over and over again proved to be invaluable as their katanas' blades separated heads from shoulders- heads tumbling off the wall and into the ravine below.

The Omashu's great stone gate was left wide open with no one left to close it.

"Our role here is complete." Suki announced before looking out to the horizon.

Out in the distance, on the rugged terrain of Omashu's surrounding area, the Earth Kingdom Soldiers were like green and yellow ants that were greedily swarming over the supply depots that the 41st had left behind. And only when they had hefted the heavy bags of grain onto their backs and began the long trek back... the black and red of the Fire Nation came swarming out from their blindspots in the snowy hillsides. Fire and flames engulfing the Earth Kingdom soldiers as they were caught exposed, unprepared and helpless. They were easy prey for the vicious Giant and his Horde.

'Step 4: The 41st emerge from their hiding spots and slaughter the overextended Earth Nation soldiers. The gates wide open for them and no one left to resist.'​

"Just as Khan planned... down to the letter." Suki muttered as the fighting died down almost as quickly as it began, the Fire Nation overwhelmingly victorious. Their red and black uniforms already making a march for the wide open gates of Omashu. The familiar figure of Khan's great armoured frame- leading the victory parade into the city streets.

Suki and her sisters climbed down to street level to greet him.

"Step 5..." Khan spoke aloud as his skull-faced helm surveyed Omashu, "Their proud soldiers dead or in chains, their city starving, the Fire Nation's best soldiers within their walls ... Omashu is forced to surrender. Of course, Chinggis did it slightly differently- he didn't have an honour guard of elite female ninjas after all. But we also didn't have the numbers to do what he did; so, some improvisation was only natural."

Suki... she didn't share his enthusiasm. Her deep blue eyes glanced at the bloody rag that she had used to wipe her katana clean- soaked red in the blood of the Earth King's soldiers... the same soldiers that they had first set out to fight alongside with.

"Step 5... the Kyoshi Warriors solidify their place in history as traitorous defectors to the Fire Nation." Suki bitterly murmured, but Khan did something unexpected: He removed his helmet as he knelt down on one knee so that they were eye to eye... just like her father used to do when she was a lot younger. Suki felt her face heat up.

"Omashu was going to fall even if we weren't here." He calmly explained to her, "The Fire Nation Siege Corps would have arrived and scoured this city with fire, you helped me prevent that. And by doing so, you spared the lives of a lot of Omashu citizens today- averting a long drawn out siege that would have consumed a great number of souls in this city. These people have you and your sisters to thank for their lives. Normally, such an action would be left unknow, but you have my word that history will remember what you did here today."

And when he finished that up with a deep kiss, Suki just melted into it.... before her sisters ruined the moment.

"I want a kiss too!"

"We did just as good of a job as Suki!"

"I want tongue with mine!"

"Grab my ass when you do me!"​

Khan gave a bark of laughter before giving each of them a turn getting their reward, the soft moans making them acutely aware that they had attained victory on their first major battle with a warm pool of his cum from last night still inside them.

"Come on." He beckoned to them as he re-equipped his helmet and began walking ahead, "Let's get Omashu's formal declaration of surrender from King Bumi."

"Yes, my Khan!" Suki grinned as she and the rest of the Kyoshi Warriors fell in step with him. He wasn't a bad person, she realised. Just misunderstood. And as Suki looked at Khan's broad, armoured back, she felt something; she wouldn't call it love, but... she had found her princely Fire Nation commander, just like in the books. She glanced at the houses they passed by- eyes of frightened citizens peeking through their window blinds.

A lot of people feared him, but that's okay. Just wait and see- she'll show them all. The strength and sincerity of her affections will make him undergo a metamorphosis into a good man. After all, they didn't know him like she did.

[King Bumi's Palace, Omashu]

Reincarnator Tip #1: Repeat tried and true history strategies of earth on another world. Easy peasy.

I even had a bonus to go alongside it.

For respecting their aptitude as warriors and demonstrating yourself to be a military commander worthy of their respect...
{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} Reputation : 79 -> 100
{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} Obedience : 56 -> 77

+ R +

Reputation with {Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} at 100! New Companion skill unlocked!

[As One!] - When fighting in close proximity with allies, you gain an instinct of just how to coordinate well with them, and them with you. Whether it's timing simultaneous attacks or competently fighting back-to-back or just synchronising dance choreography, you will gain a keen sixth sense on how your allies will move or react- allowing you to function greater than the sum of your parts.

Affection with {Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} unlocked!

+ R +​

A very useful skill to have in some situations. Unfortunately, my main weapon, the [Meteor Hammer], required space to use. I really should look for an alternate weapon to use. I had trained in other weapons, but now it was a matter of finding the right one that will complement the skillset of the Kyoshi Warriors.

I glanced over to Suki and the others who had their hands on their Kyoshi Katana as we made our way into the palace.

"So much stone..." Her soft voice muttered, "Should we be walking so openly in the palace like this? What if there's an ambush?"

"All the soldiers are outside." I grunted. "The Scouts have reported that the few Earth Kingdom Soldiers left had all rushed out to defend their city when they heard the commotion outside- likely at the behest of King Bumi himself. The 41st have no doubt handled most of them by now."

We entered the throne room. Yellowish stone decorated by scant green tapestries and carpets. Even the throne itself was just normal stone with some cushions on it. All in all, Spartan for a monarch of Omashu, but that was expected of a kooky old man like Bumi. Speaking of whom, the old man sat on his throne, completely alone without bodyguards. His muscled form was completely hidden underneath those green robes and two-feathered crown while he glared at us with a surprising amount of animosity and vitality. It would seem that he somehow resisted the poison.

Suki gripped her katana tighter- anticipating a fight.

I didn't. It wasn't like he was going to do anything about it. In the second season of Avatar, he did nothing against the Fire Nation offensive that had taken his city, citing himself as practising Neutral Jing as 'wHeN yOu Do nOtHing.' One of the most potent Earthbenders in the series... and he did nothing for the majority of the war. As long as we don't do anything drastic, we can just have his surrender without a fight. Except...

"You killed Flopsy with your poison." King Bumi's angry voice echoed out as he stood up- shrugging off green robes off his muscled shoulders and settling his shredded body into a fighting stance.

"Ah, that would do it." I sighed in understanding. Time to put that new skill to very good use...The rattle of my Meteor Hammer's chain ringing out and the Kyoshi Warriors settling in their own fighting stances beside me. I nodded to Suki, and her painted face nodded back.

"Kyoshi Warriors..." I called out as I spun my Meteor Hammer, "[As One!]"

"As One!"​

[The Royal Archives, Fire Nation Capital]

This would be a carefully calculated move for her. She wouldn't want to end up like her foolish older brother Zuko after all.

However, Azula already knew she wouldn't; and frankly, having to be related to that formerly-royal failure was already embarrassing enough to her. He really should have known better- speaking out of turn in the Fire Lord's own war council? Oh well, poor Zuzu deserved that scar for forgetting something as simple as royal etiquette. But now wasn't about him, it was about her. It was going to be her turn to speak up. It was going to be her turn to actually impress their father; and truly, it was imperative that she prepared for this.

"Father's favour is surely the most prized commodity in the Fire Nation right now." She muttered to herself. "Truly, the prize is certainly as great as the risk. So, of course, only the worthy can earn it. Namely, me."

Under her hand with freshly painted nails, the door to the Royal Archives creaked open- only the upper crust of the Fire Nation had the privilege of accessing such a well-kept library. Naturally, this place was at her disposal as the princess of the Fire Nation. She certainly will be needing such a privilege. With how much research she needs to do, she'll be burning the midnight oil tonight working through her reading list of dusty books and scrolls.

At least, that's what she would have done, if not for the lantern sitting innocently in the middle of an aisle. The wick was still smoking... as if someone had hurriedly extinguished it.

A hot, blue flame burst to life in Azula's palm as she drew her dagger with her other hand.

"I know you're still here." She drawled with a predatory smile as she locked the door behind her with a click. "Father will be so delighted when I bring a sneaky little spy to him."

She broke into a sprint down the aisle between the bookshelves. She was no fool, it was clear that she had caught the spy off-guard with her arrival. She neared the far end of the library before she heard it: Footsteps. Fast ones, even faster than Ty Lee. Not that it mattered.

"I have you now!" Azula victoriously cried out as she turned the corner with a wide swing of her dagger... only for it to be blocked by a golden stiletto of all things. And that was when she saw the spy.

A woman in a black dress. From underneath raven black hair, unnatural blood red eyes peered at Azula who, unfortunately, was distracted for just a quarter of a blink too long. The woman's foot met Azula's solar plexus with freakish strength- knocking the wind out of her and sending her tumbling across the carpet.

Being no slouch, Azula quickly regained her footing even as she fought through the pain and desperately gulped down air. Her blue flame back in her hands. But it was too late, the woman in black was already nowhere to be found. Only the curtains of an open window swaying in the night breeze. Rushing to the window, Azula's golden eyes were greeted with nothing but the rooftops of the sleepy capital. Not a shadow out of place.

There was no finding the spy now.

"How aggravating." She grumbled. No one should be able to best her in combat, but a different curiosity burned in her, "... but what were you after?"

A cursory inspection of the archives gave her the answer- a stack of thick books laid out on a dark wood table. The one in the centre was the most telling of them.

Transcript of the 2nd Negotiations with the 50th Earth King, Volume 3.

Azula's golden eyes narrowed in suspicion as she skimmed through the book. And just off the top of her head, she could think of several dozen reasons why a spy would want such information. Mountains of gold moved from hand to hand, captured POWs of noble blood were exchanged, under-the-table deals made that would lift up some noble houses and strike down others and a fiery hatred was stoked in the heart of her grandfather, Fire Lord Azulon, for the Earth King. So much information, so many possible motives... the question was now: Which one of them was the right answer?

"Such bad timing." Azula sighed as she shut the book and cradled it under her arm. She didn't have time to play sleuth- she still had a War council meeting to prepare for. She'll have to let others deal with this matter- much less competently than if she had handled it herself, of course.

Before she went to report this intrusion, she glanced at the open window one last time

"But alas, I'm really busy right now. So, count your good fortunes." Azula said- as if the spy was still there. She didn't like to call it a gut feeling- preferring instead to call it an answer at the edge of her mind. But... she had a feeling that this wasn't the last she had seen of this mystery woman.

Azula would only discover later that morning that the book had been taken... The guards placed to protect it slaughtered to the man.

The spy's true objective was apparently still out there, it seemed.

- The Fall of Omashu End -​
​

The Thorn Princess coming soon...​

AN:

"Why is he so smart with so little INT?"... seems to be a common point of confusion. That value is added to his stats from the first life. So, even if his INT was zero, Khan would still be as smart as he was before reincarnation.

Which update style would be preferable... shorter 4-6k chapters with more regular updates? Or slightly longer chapters like these?
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Gulski, besrkx3, Lumiere_DB and 1,615 others
Infonticus
Feb 22, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 6: Azula's Carefully Laid Plans
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Feb 27, 2023
Add bookmark
#652
Chapter 6: Azula's Carefully Laid Plans
[King Bumi's Palace, Omashu]

A solid stone boulder, as large and as fast as a speeding SUV, rolled along the floor straight at me....

Dodge save successful! (55/21 Dexterity Required)​

... but Earthbending was still Earthbending. Slow and telegraphed. Deadly, but dodgeable. It was very fortunate that I went with a Dexterity Build. I wasn't sure how a slower, tankier build would have fared against this apparent boss fight that hinges on you being able to dodge slow, but unblockable attacks.

Truly, Avatar was the Dark Souls of western cartoons.

"You young brats think you can just feed us poison, take my city and kill our pets?!" King Bumi bellowed- far angrier than I had ever seen in the show. On the screen, he had always acted like a cheerful, kooky old man. Not anymore. The poison had likely addled his mind, and now he was out for blood- practically frothing from the mouth as he threw boulders, tore walls apart and stomped stone spikes out of the ground to try and kill me and the Kyoshi Warriors.

King Bumi was- without a doubt- the most powerful Earthbender alive.

Sure, Toph would eventually come along to take the title of Strongest Earthbender, but at this point in the Avatar timeline, she was still far from her prime. Far from the metalbending badass who would found the Republic City Police Force who would dominate the earthbending and metalbending scene well into her twilight years. No, Toph needed another decade to fully grow into her power and talents. Meanwhile, King Bumi was different. For him, it would take another decade before his combat power started to decline, but he only needed a single second to turn us into red paste.

... All because I accidentally murdered his pet gorilla-goat.

"Why would you even feed your pet rice?!" I shouted at him, the metal head of [Meteor Hammer] rocketing at him... only to get blocked by a stone pillar that suddenly rose from the ground- the impact breaking the pillar and harmlessly peppering the king with some pebbles.

"He was a gorilla-goat, they eat anything!" Bumi roared the interesting pet fact, "And he was very hungry. We all were, and that was your fault too, you snot-nosed punk!"

With a muscular leg, the earth monarch stomped the ground and multiplied thin pillars extended out from the ground like a forest of bamboo. I barely had time to react before Bumi swung his arm- breaking a rocky stalk of bamboo into a dozen stone projectiles that he sent zipping through the air at painful velocities to strike at my armour.

[Stone Storm], -33 hp!
[Stone Storm], -27 hp!
[Stone Storm], -35 hp!
* Critical Hit! * [Stone Storm], -87 hp!
HP: 780 -> 588​

My helmet was now dented shut over one eye and my breastplate crumpled in places. But that's fine- Bumi might have a lot of ammo, but I had the [Bullet Time] perk. One mental activation later, and time slowed to a comfortable 80% of its normal speed. And it must have been quite a sight, seeing a seven-foot-tall Fire Nation soldier in heavy armour ducking, dodging, running along walls and somersaulting away as Bumi kept launching a continuous hailstorm of rock at me.

Dodge save successful! (55/15 Dexterity Required)

Dodge save successful! (55/17 Dexterity Required)

Dodge save successful! (55/19 Dexterity Required)​

Thankfully, his onslaught was interrupted when my Honour Guard covered for me, the [As One!] skill already being put to good use.

"Kyoshi Warriors, focus together! As One!" Suki shouted as she led the Kyoshi Warriors to sprint in from the earth monarch's flanks. The six ladies charged in with sharpened steel, armoured green kimonos, and painted faces in determined focus- dashing quickly around the battlefield, gliding around boulders, and dodging Bumi's attacks as they drew closer and closer to him. The effects of my [Trainer] skill on them was more evident now than ever when even the greatest Earthbender alive was having trouble keeping them away.

Meanwhile, I began to build up some [Wind Up] skill by swinging around my meteor hammer- hopefully charging up a powerful enough strike that would take down the berserk earthbender. I just needed Suki to distract him a bit longer, and they didn't disappoint.

"Well if it isn't the traitors! Have you spent all that Fire Nation gold yet?" He shouted at them right before counterattacking: More spiky stalagmites pierced up from the floor.

Obedience check succeeded!
77/75 Obedience Required with {Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors}​

"Just surrender, King Bumi!" Suki valiantly shouted as she and her sisters weaved around the stoney horns. It would seem that the Kyoshi Warriors liked me a lot more than they liked not being traitors. They zipped in on dexterous feet to deliver lightning quick slashes with their katanas.

"Kyoshi Katanas... they're fast, alright!" Bumi victoriously shouted at them as he covered himself in an armour of stone- rendering harmless the flurry of slashes from the Kyoshi Warriors. "... But they're pants at cutting through solid stone!"

Having rendered the Kyoshi Warriors ineffective, his stone-covered frame immediately flexed and stomped the ground- likely to shred my honour guard with some Earthbending move...

... but my charged up [Meteor Hammer] was there to put a stop to that. The iron ball swung in a wide arc just a few inches above the Kyoshi Warriors' heads to strike the stone-covered king square on the chest- launching him backwards and making him lose focus enough that his stone armour was shed off him.

"I'm still here, Bumi!" I taunted him- giving time for the Kyoshi Warriors to regain some distance.

"And I'm getting sick and tired of your little ball and chain!" the aged earthbender growled- spitting out blood before baring his bloodied teeth at me, and I quickly went for the finishing blow...only for the metal ball of my meteor hammer to be caught between two stone pillars. A boulder from above fell from the ceiling and right onto the chain of my meteor hammer- snapping it and leaving me weaponless.

"If you want me, then you're going to have to fight me, Khan!" The earth monarch taunted- spitting out blood before baring his bloodied teeth at me, "My bending against your bending."

I scowled underneath my skull-faced helm. Of course, I had several more backup weapons in my Gamer Inventory that I could pull out: Spears, dao swords, katanas and even a bow. However, of all the backup weapons I had- Firebending was still the one that I had put the most training into.

Firebending, don't fail me now.

[Firebending: Modern Azulon Style]​
An efficient Firebending style characterised by close-ranged and fast-paced fire jabs. Up close and personal.

The [Modern Azulon Style] came about after almost 60 years of war when the Fire Nation had already conquered and occupied much of the western Earth Kingdom. Fire Lord Azulon- having read the compiled after action reports of Firebenders constantly being ambushed by Earth Kingdom insurgents- was quick to realise the need for a newer, more responsive firebending style. By blending firebending with the basic hand-to-hand katas taught in the Fire Nation Army boot camp, the [Modern Azulon Style] was created to meet such a need. This style was naturally chosen to become the standard firebending style of the Fire Nation Military due to its motions being simple to learn, and being the least physically and spiritually demanding firebending style by far. Perfect for new recruits.

Bending Style Proficiency: Lvl 8 - Apprentice​
This firebending style forgoes the traditional cyclical and sweeping movement of previous styles in favour of jabs and kicks to deliver bolts of fire as swiftly as possible. The elimination of wind up time allows firebenders to bring their bending to bear much faster than either waterbenders or earthbenders and outpace them in a high tempo combat. The primary disadvantages of this style are the restricted maximum power of each individual fire bolt, and the steep decline in potency the farther they travel.

+ R +​

"Burn, you old geezer!" my voice boomed as I shifted into the stance for the [Modern Azulon Style]; and putting my Dexterity to great use, I loosed a flurry of Fire Jabs at him- bright orange firebolts flying through the air and straight at the madly grinning face of King Bumi.

"A proper bending fight! That's more like it!" He cackled. A stomp of his foot later and he was safely hidden once again behind a sturdy stone pillar- my firebolts impacting against it and chipping the rock surface slightly. A single punch later and that same pillar was launched at me.

However, thanks to [As One!], I knew exactly what I needed to do. The sequence of events was clear in my mind, as if I had watched a video of it happening a dozen times now: Sidestep the launched pillar, counter with a strong right firebolt, close the gap as the Kyoshi Warriors distract Bumi, rain another flurry of fire jabs just after Suki finishes her turn attacking, scorch Bumi's left leg, and win the fight. Such a power would have been overpowered as it bordered precognition... If not for the tiny detail in which it didn't account for any movement my opponents made that I didn't already anticipate.

Seeing our approach, Bumi stomped his foot once and expanded a ring of spiky stalagmites around him: warding away Kyoshi Warriors with pointy rock ends as well as spearing my firebolt straight out the air.

I clicked my tongue in rising concern.

Despite staying relatively unharmed all throughout the fight, it still wasn't looking good for us... My weapon, broken. Our offensive, stalled. The Kyoshi Warriors, tiring. King Bumi, unharmed. My temper, rising.

"Why are you old farts the most annoying ones to deal with!" I shouted in frustration as I shot a continuous shower of Fire Jabs like a fiery machine gun.

"Is that the best you can do?! *snort*" Bumi guffawed, his laughter echoing across the ruined and cratered throne room.

"No, this is." I told him as I shifted into another firebending stance- almost matching Bumi's own stable and powerful Earthbending stance.

[Firebending: Classical Azulon Style]​
A precise Firebending style centred on powerful bolts of densely concentrated flames. Concentrated firepower at your fingertips.

Developed in 22 AG, this style came about solely from Fire Lord Azulon's now-infamous policy of "Death before Retreat' in the face of a coordinated counterattack from the Earth Kingdom early in his reign. Veteran firebenders- forced to face off against great numbers of Earthbenders under pain of death- refined the earlier [Sozin Style] after finding it to be too exhausting to use in sustained operations. The end product of such refinement is what has been known as the [Classical Azulon Style]- the direct predecessor to the [Modern Azulon Style] used today. This style is still taught in Fire Nation academies but now only as a form of performance art. However, some veteran firebenders have been known to incorporate elements of it into their fighting styles- valuing its ability to blast through rock.

Bending Style Proficiency: Lvl 11 - Expert​
By concentrating one's Fire into a dense enough blast, a firebender can produce flame bolts capable of destabilising an earthbender's boulders- blasting them apart with enough force still left over for the flaming stream to hopefully incinerate the offending earthbender. Due to being an attempt to directly counter earthbending, this style has also been known as the 'Stonebreaker Style.' Such power does come at a cost however: this style is considerably more physically and spiritually taxing than the [Modern Azulon Style], and its sweeping motions often leaves the user vulnerable for short, but potentially crucial periods of time.

+ R +​

Bumi's mismatched eyes lit up in recognition as he looked at me.

"Oh ho? The Classical Azulon Style?" King Bumi commented with his white eyebrows raised in interest, "I haven't seen that one in over sixty years. Well, someone's been reading their history books, but you're still an arrogant little brat if you think you have the inner strength for that! Better leave that to the adults and stick with the Modern Azulon Style, because you're twenty years too young to use that style in a fight!"

This old man was annoyingly knowledgeable in the ways of bending.

"Don't worry." I reassured him in a diplomatic tone, "This was my main firebending style actually; so I'll manage."

For a moment, I moved like I was doing something as lame as Tai Chi or waterbending- my arms winding in a circle and my armoured foot sliding drawing a graceful arc on the ground. The fiery energy building up in me as if flaming gasoline was running through the arteries of my arm...

"Now die, you old geezer. HAGGHHH!"

... right before I sent all that energy surging out my fist!

The orange fire bolt that burst into life was noticeably different from normal firebending. Almost white hot at the centre, the orange flamebolt was so searing hot that it made a faint screeching noise as it flew through the air. The furious bolt of fire rocketed with immense speed towards Bumi. Immediately, he erected another pillar in front of him- as thick as a tree trunk. But where my last firebolt barely chipped the stone pillar, this new one shattered straight through the stone pillar like a cannon shot. Rock chunks exploded in every direction, and as the dust cleared to reveal a smoking hole in the rear wall of the throne room. Meanwhile the only thing left of the pillar was a stone stump... which Bumi stood up from- having laid prone behind it.

"Ooo! One of the bigger ones I've seen, but you still have to hit me with it!" Bumi taunted with another laugh, "Good thing these old bones do yoga every day!"

He may have been joking and japing, but there was a heavy shift in the air of the battlefield, and we both knew that I had the advantage now. Naturally, I seized the offensive and exploded into a deadly [Classical Azulon Style] kata. Each luminous firebolt as powerful as the last- sizzling through the air, blowing apart any rocks Bumi sent to try and block it, and blasting a smoking crater on whatever they struck. Robbed of the convenience of being able to block every one of my firebending, Bumi was forced into a position that every earthbender found disagreeable: He had to act like his natural opposite- avoiding and evading like some twinkle-toed airbender.

If that wasn't bad enough for him, the odds of this fight were stacked further into my favour as the Kyoshi Warriors rejoined the fray.

"Sisters! As one!" Suki shouted as she dashed in with her sisters who answered.

"AS ONE!"​

Bumi frowned in dismay as the katana-wielding Kyoshi Warriors once again moved in to attack, "Gah! You painted up girls just don't know when to quit, do you!?"

Between the potent firebolts of my [Classical Azulon Style] and the Kyoshi Warriors' dangerously swift blades, the earth monarch was clearly being backed up into a corner as he was forced to spend more and more time ducking and dodging. Earthbenders were only ever as good as when they were steady and stable. After all, Toph said it best: 'The key to Earthbending is your stance.' Take that away, and Earthbenders were much less effective in combat- like a Firebender in the frigid arctic cold, or a Waterbender in the parched desert heat.

Bumi even seemed to be getting sluggish- likely from the poison. However... I just knew in my gut that he was going to pull off some clever and unexpected move to turn the tides.

So, I beat him to the punch.

Using [As One!], I switched back to [Modern Azulon Style] just as I sensed that Suki was about to strike. The sudden flurry of light attacks and change in tempo surprised the elder earth monarch. Caught between my firebolts and the razor-sharp edge of a Kyoshi Katana, Bumi had to pick his poison and decided to block Suki's katana with a stone pillar... in exchange for taking several firebolts to his body. He shielded his vitals as best as he could with his limbs- blocking his shots to his neck and midsection with his arms and legs as he collapsed to the ground.

"Ngghh!" Bumi didn't scream, grunting in pain instead as we stood over him- ready to finish him off. The old man just sighed- raising his heavily burnt arms in the air. "Alright, you got me! I surrender."

"Khan?" Suki murmured with a hesitant tone with her katana still raised, "What do we do?"

I hummed in thought. this was Bumi- possibly Aang's only living friend from his original time.

"Do you formally surrender?" I questioned Bumi as me and the Kyoshi Warriors approached him. Weapons slightly lowered, still wary.

"Bah, Fire Nation nobles and their stuffy formalities!" the old man shook his head in both pain and exasperation- making Suki glance at me for some strange reason. Bumi sighed, "I, King Bumi, Earth Monarch of the city of Omashu as recognized by the Grace of the Earth King, hereby unconditionally and formally surrender to the Fire Nation Army."

Defeated {King Bumi}, +500 exp!
Battle Acrobatics (+20%) , 'Time to get Serious!' (+20%) , 'Live in Shame and Defeat' (+10%) , Banter x3 (+3%): +265 exp!​

Nodding at the Gamer System window, I extinguished the flames and lowered my fists.

"I, Captain Khan of the 41st Infantry Division of the Fire Nation Army, accept your declaration of surrender." my solemn voice replied before adding, "I expected you to be much stronger, if I was going to be honest."

In response, Bumi shot me a dirty look as he gritted his teeth in pain, "I was more spritely for my age... until someone decided to poison an old man's first meal in two days."

"Hah! I was surprised that you didn't have any royal food tasters." I barked in unrepentant laughter, "Also, I'll need your declaration of surrender in writing."

"...Ugh. So, you're not just a stuffy Fire Nation noble, you're also a boring Fire Nation bureaucrat."

Ignoring his comment, I pulled out a roll of sterile bandages from my Gamer Inventory and tossed it to the old man. "Something for the burns, you're ugly enough as it is."

"Disrespectful brat... besides, good looks are overrated." Bumi grumbled- catching the bandage roll and dressing his wounds, "Leads to the neverending preening of high society like vain peacock-pigeons."

"Don't hate me 'cause I'm beautiful, you old fart. Maybe if you got rid of that yee yee ass haircut, people would respect you more."

Predictably, it was only then- after the gruelling boss fight had been concluded and Bumi was patting his bald head- that backup had arrived. An eight-squad led by a {Firebender Bodyguard Sergeant} came marching into the battle-scarred throne room. Compared to my dented and cracked black and red armour, I noticed that their uniforms were practically untouched as they saluted me, "Captain, the 41st have secured all the designated control points in the city."

"Did the locals give-" I paused as I tried to turn, "Give me a moment, this crumpled armour is getting in the way."

Taking off my banged up helmet and ripping off the breastplate that was practically just flapping around me, I was left in just a sleeveless red undershirt slick with my sweat from all the battle. I'll definitely have to work on my [Smithing] skill

"Did the locals give you any trouble?" I continued with my question.

"..."

"Sergeant, the locals."

"Uh... No, sir!" She stammered out an answer before clearing her throat, "It was as you predicted: We only had to announce that we'll be distributing food, and they fawned over us like we were their saviours. The citizens of Omashu are too hungry to care who runs the city. Earth Kingdom or Fire Nation... they'll bow to anyone who can promise them a meal."

I nodded.

"Good... And what about the local nobility/officials? I presume they have also cooperated?"

"Not exactly, sir..." She murmured before looking over her shoulder. And as if on cue, shrill shouts of whining and complaining echoed through the stone hallways of the palace. Another squad of Fire Nation soldiers led a group of fancily dressed noble-types clasped in iron manacles. There were around thirty of them. Like a drove of squealing pigs, these people were led in- clearly well-fed despite the rest of the city starving. They must have been the only ones in the city who could have afforded to always have pantries stocked with food. Not that it helped them right now.

"You Fire Nation savages! You can't just parade us around the city like prized cattle!"

"I'm the new junior minister of finance- you can't do this to me!"

"Unchain us now, or there will be no mercy for you when the armies of Ba Sing Se come thundering over the mountains to save us!"

"You may have slain the city's garrison, but King Bumi is the strongest Earthbender the Earth Kingdom has ever seen!"

Of course, their whines quieted down to worried muttering as soon as they saw that their only hope was sitting on the floor and bandaging his burn wounds... and my seven-foot-tall frame alongside the Kyoshi Warriors standing over him.

"So, these fools had their household guards put up a fight." I drew the most likely conclusion, and the {Firebender Bodyguard Sergeant} nodded an affirmative.

"Yes, sir."

"Any losses on our side?"

"None, sir." She said with quiet pride, "Their household guards were incredibly rusty- probably used to fighting only untrained Earth Kingdom peasants... but they'll have plenty of time to practise in the Underworld."

"Good. Now, what to do with this band of fat incompetents... oh, I know." I nodded in approval before looking over to the {Firebender Bodyguard Sergeant} and nodded to her. "Get the charcoal."

She saluted once before double-timing it out of the palace. Meanwhile, the fuming glares from the chained officials reached a boiling point as a few of them began making demands. With one noblewoman with garish make up being the loudest and shrillest, "Who do you think you are? Binding us and parading us around like cattle? We demand to speak with your commanding officer!"

I glanced down to what I was wearing- practically the in-universe equivalent of jeans and t-shirt- then back at the officials.

"I am Khan, the Captain of the 41st Division of the Fire Nation Army. The same division that is currently occupying your city."

"You're the Giant?" the middle-aged woman squawked, "But where's your scarred and ugly visage?!"

"My what?" I arched an eyebrow, "Ugh... Nevermind, what you need to know is that I'm the victor. Specifically, the victor who is currently deciding whether to keep you alive or outright execute you all."

Their faces paled as I reminded them what their current position was, which was only mildly surprising. I thought they'd be more aware of it a lot earlier, but apparently officials out in the countryside were particularly stupid or have gone soft.

"My House will serve you faithfully, O' Giant!"

"We will serve you twice as faithfully!"​

Meanwhile, I just thought about it. In the 13th century when everyone was sparing nobles and ransoming them as was 'chivalrous' way of life, Chinggis Khan was particularly infamous for executing nobles and officials. It was an exceedingly effective way to dismantle old systems of power and institute his own- where once people looked to the local leadership for guidance and direction they would then look to him. It was also successful in preventing rebellion and insurrection as the usual masterminds behind those plots were former nobles embittered by the loss of their titles. It was brutal, yet practical wisdom that I could get behind, and I've been trying to do much of the same in all my conquered villages.

However... This was the city of Omashu, and I was going to hand it over to Fire Nation Command soon anyway.

"I'm going to give you one chance not to screw this up." I began and their faces lit up with hope. "I'm allowing you all to keep your stations and offices, but if you're anything but respectful and obedient, if my patience is tested, if you even attempt to rebel or desert... I'll force feed you hot charcoal until your belly bursts, and other amusing methods of execution. Understood?"

Fearful and cowed expressions all around, they knelt on the stone floor and pressed their foreheads on the ground.

"... Your humble servants will obey, your Eminence!"​

[Quest - The Capture of Omashu] Completed!
Main Objective: Claim the Earth Kingdom city of Omashu from King Bumi
Secondary Objective: Complete the Quest before the Fire Nation Siege Corps arrives

Rewards:
Massive Reputation increase with the {Fire Nation}
Massive bonus exp

Secondary Rewards:
Perk Points x4

+ R +​

For exceeding all expectations and capturing Omashu with only a single infantry division..
{Fire Nation} Reputation : 26 -> 66

{Earth Kingdom} Reputation : -40 -> -60
{Earth Kingdom} Infamy: 25 -> 65

{Water Tribes} Reputation : -10 -> -35
{Water Tribes} Infamy: 0 -> 20

+ R +

Level up Achieved!​

All in all, an amazing haul of rewards. But it will take some time for the news of our incomprehensibly large victory to reach the Fire Nation. If I'm lucky, Fire Lord Ozai will take notice and grant me a title. Not that I currently knew how that worked- the political system of the Fire Nation was a convoluted mess. What our current government being an unstable seesaw of an oligarchy and a military junta with the Fire Lord's hereditary monarchy balanced on top like a clown would balance on a giant ball. At the very least, I should at least get a military promotion.

That was a concern for a later date though; in the meantime, it was time for my favourite part of every successful conquest of a settlement: The looting.

"Now that's a proper kowtow if I've ever seen one." Bumi remarked, looking at his former officials with a shake of his balding head, "Never got them to be that respectful to me before."

"The threat of violence achieves a lot of things." I nodded- my skull-faced helm looked down at the gathered nobility, "In fact, let's put that to the test... You'll be handing over whatever riches you have so that I can jumpstart the local economy... Gold, the 41st needs a proper medal to commemorate taking our first major settlement, and Omashu at that! Yes, that'll help my [Smithing] skill immensely.... Also, concubines- the men will need concubines."

At my demand, flashes of indignation and humiliation swept across their faces, and I could tell that some of them were about to speak out against me. Fortunately (for them at least), that was the moment that the {Firebender Bodyguard Sergeant} came back carrying a small bag of charcoal- reminding the officials of my earlier threat. Threatened with a fiery death, their faces paled considerably as they desperately agreed.

"Yes, we would be eager and delighted to meet all your demands!"​

"See to it that you do, and take note that half-assing things count as testing my patience" I warned them, "Now, as for myself, what I want is the most valuable thing you have in this city."

Again, they were eager to try and one up each other.

"Yes, your Grace! Please help yourself to the most valuable pieces in our vaults!"
"We have prized artworks and sculptures all the way to the reign of the 40th Earth King!"
"However much gold you require for your troops' medals, we'll supply you with the same amount for yourself!"
"We will gather the city's prettiest maidens for your perusal! We will hold a contest! They will be delighted- No, they will be honoured to be your concubines! I assure you!"​

"No, that's not what I want." I growled- unable to contain my rising hunger for the greatest of spoils, "What I want are your libraries."

"... our what?"​

"Just... get your servants to gather all the books you have." I groaned while Suki and the others just giggled at my exasperation. After all, the officials were wearing the increasingly familiar expression of people being baffled as to why a giant of a Fire Nation Warlord would want books.

This would make it the fifth time it has happened.

They had better have larger collections for this insult... Pillaging the libraries of almost-illiterate country bumpkins who didn't put much stock in good literature as they did in a bowl of noodles just wasn't cutting it, I needed a real library. At least, by this victory in Omashu, I will be ingratiating myself with the royal family. Surely, the Fire Lord would grant the privilege of accessing the Royal Archives to a war hero like me... I hope- he was canonically one of those stern types who had a whole flagpole up his ass. But even if that fails, I'm sure Azula can appreciate someone who was a ruthless warlord like me.

Just a week or two, and the message of my deeds will reach the capital. Yes... I can already taste the 'Quest Completed' and smell the old Fire Nation tomes already!

(A week later) [Fire Lord Ozai's Palace]

Azula was ready to steal the show with her frankly brilliant plan.

"The city of Omashu. That should be the Fire Nation's target." She began- proudly filling her father's War Council Chamber with her unquestioningly delightful voice. Her audience? Just a dozen of the most preeminent generals of the Fire Nation as they sat cross legged around a great map of the Four Nations laid out on the floor. But the single person in the audience that she truly wanted to impress was her own father- Fire Lord Ozai himself- who sat above them all on the royal alcove behind a hot curtain of fire. All their eyes were on her- watching and waiting for her to make her proposition worthy in their eyes.

She wasn't too concerned. She was crown princess, there was no doubt that she'll exceed expectations.

"Omashu is second only to Ba Sing Se in size and population." She continued the preface of her argument, "And if the local folklore is to be believed, it is also the birthplace of Earthbending. It is a fortress that stood defiant for a hundred years against our valiant armies. Technically 99 years, but a hundred does sound more impressive, doesn't it?"

She deliberately paused with that almost flippant remark as she paced down the room- all eyes following her. She had their attention. Good.

Pointer stick in hand, Azula drew a circle on the map all around Omashu as she continued, "The city safeguards a region where a great number of towns and villages lie. Individually, these settlements are of little strategic consequence; but through sheer number, they form a belt of industry and commerce that fuels the western front's stubborn defence. The Earth Kingdom uncreatively calls the Gaoling-Omashu trade route. It is through this that Omashu's area of influence has dominated the south-west theatre of the war for the last 85 years; its strategic and impregnable location permitting the Earth Kingdom to maintain its annoyingly vast network of Earth Kingdom fortresses all along the western front."

Azula knew that her audience already knew all of that.

"...But we recently had a new development: In a rare case of fresh recruits showing notable initiative and competence, a single infantry division has managed to disrupt this economic lifeline and establish a foothold in the vulnerable underbelly of the Earth Kingdom. They had even weakened Omashu's garrison with tainted supplies." Azula said before aiming an innocent question at the sacrificial lamb that she had selected, "Speaking of which... Wasn't it your cousin who leads the infantry division in question, General Tuan?"

Sitting at the opposite end of the map, the fat general reddened with anger at her having drawn attention to his most recent shame to his family name... after all, he was the one who assigned his cousin to that post.

"That traitor troubles the Fire Nation no longer, Princess Azula." General Tuan ground out with much difficulty as the other generals looked at him with disapproval. And that played right into her hands, any disapproval that wasn't aimed at her only increased her chances.

"My mistake then." Azula airily replied- needling the general further, "But with the valour of your disgraced cousin's former infantry division has created a vulnerability in the once strong Earth Kingdom defensive lines. Something your traitor and incompetent cousin would never have been able to do."

"That is merely an illusion of a weakness, Princess Azula!" General Tuan argued, "The 41st Division may have gotten lucky, but as soon as the ponderous Earth Kingdom puts together a proper retaliatory strike against them, they'll be wiped out: Their little foothold will be buried, the Gaoling-Omashu trade route will resume operations as normal, and Omashu's garrison will be reinforced. All these military gains are as ephemeral as fireworks on Szeto Festival Day!"

... And the blustering fool plays his role perfectly in her little dance. Azula felt her red-painted lips tug into a smile. How delightfully predictable.

"Oh, the vulnerability may be fleeting, but it is still very real." She asserted- before looking straight at her father and going straight for the crux of her proposal. "The Fire Nation has been given a golden opportunity. The Earth Kingdom has been pushed off-balance, and a powerful enough blow delivered swiftly enough will crack the Earth Kingdom defensive wide open. I only need three siege divisions to hammer Omashu into submission, and four infantry divisions to secure the flanks. Then the entire Earth Kingdom- save for Ba Sing Se- will be yours for the taking within the month."

Behind his curtain of flames, the Fire Lord stayed silent, and so did the rest of the room in fear.

Smaller minded people would have misconstrued her father's silence as a bad thing, but Azula knew better. Her father was actually considering her proposal, and it gave her a shiver of anticipation. Because as much as it was a joy to aid her father in administrating the Fire Nation, she yearned for him to grant her more responsibility- more opportunities to impress him. The war was close to arriving at its logical conclusion: A total Fire Nation victory. So, she truly needed to rush if she wanted to collect great deeds and noteworthy military accomplishments that will solidify her place in history by her father's side. Such opportunities for military renown were dreadfully hard to come by in peacetime.

Her blood was boiling with excitement by the time her father spoke.

"And what of Admiral Zhao's upcoming siege of the Northern Water Tribe?" His voice calmly resounded through the war council chambers.

She had his attention! She was so close now to winning his approval.... She just needed to iron out the details.

"Admiral Zhao's siege will be indirectly aided by this plan to siege Omashu." Azula readily explained- pushing down her excitement, "With two vital locations under attack, the Earth Kingdom will be forced to split its energy and attention between both locations. Whatever aid they manage to send to the Northern Water Tribe will be rushed and divided. Easy prey for the largest armada ever assembled since Fire Lord Sozin first invaded the Earth Kingdom."

Another thoughtful silence from the figure behind the curtain of flames.

"My daughter... how confident are you with your timeline for this siege?"

Excitement rose in her heart even further- tingling through her veins like the lightning she wielded. He was sold on the idea, she just needed to close the deal on a strong note now!

"Very confident." She replied with a self-assured smirk, "For anyone else, it would take four months, if they didn't fail by the first month of course. My royal self only requires a fourth of that time... I will be your fiery fist that strikes down the last great obstacle standing between you and Ba Sing Se, and I humbly require only your blessing."

She had already handled everything else days before this war council session.

The troops to fight the siege, the fleet to ferry them, and the merchant marine to supply them... all their commanding officers easily persuaded to cooperate with a gentle reminder of her royal authority and little display of blue fire. Her father's seal of approval really was the only thing she needed. He only needed to say the word and she could be on her way to her first major military accomplishment before sunset. She will do him proud. Completely unlike her failure of a brother.

"Omashu within a single month, Azula?" Her father clarified with just a hint of doubt.

To blazes with it, she'll even use the H word that Zuzu loved so much- just to one up her sorry brother one more time. Azula gave a confident smile at her father and promised, "I'd stake my honour on it, father."

Oh, she had done it now- she could see his eyes narrow at the mention of the H word. But she really wasn't worried, she had left nothing to chance and she wasn't about to fail. Omashu really would fall by her hands, and her little use of the H word will only make her appear even more capable to her father.

"Very well..." Her father's voice muttered, and Azula almost felt her heart float with excitement. This was it. She was going to start her illustrious military career with the second greatest victory that the Fire Nation was going to have against the Earth kingdom!

... then the doors burst open to reveal a lowly messenger-soldier panting for air as he carried a small wicker basket.

"What is the meaning of this?!" She snarled at the fool who dared interrupt her on her moment of triumph.

"Forgive my interruption, my Fire Lord! My generals!" the messenger begged- immediately prostrating himself on the lacquered wood floor, "But I bring pertinent news! Great news in fact!"

But Azula wasn't having any of it. She rounded on the messenger- trying to glare a hole right through his impudent head as she angrily demanded, "What news can be so great to warrant an interruption of the Fire Lord's own war council!? I'll have your head for this!"

"Azula, control yourself!" Her father not-so-gently chided her before looking over to the messenger. "... However, my daughter does speak sense- this news had better be good. Speak quickly, your life depends on it."

"Omashu has fallen, my Fire Lord! The banners of the Fire Nation now fly on its walls!"

Azula heard the wave of shocked gasps escape from the generals in attendance, but she was the one who managed to put it into words.

"What?! But HOW!?" She roared in indignation as her hopes and dreams just shattered before her eyes. Moreover, it really shouldn't be possible because the South-west was their weakest and most remote front. There were no Fire Nation units in that region that could take Omashu- just scattered and nearly-depleted infantry divisions stuck behind enemy lines. And even if they had all miraculously ran into each other in the endless wilderness, they still wouldn't have the equipment or numbers to take Omashu.

"The 41st Infantry Division has taken and occupied the city all on their own, my Fire Lord."

"A single infantry division...?" Azula repeated before glancing at her father and laughing out loud, "Ahahaha! Someone must have made a grave error, father! There's no way a single infantry division could possibly take the second largest Earth Kingdom stronghold in existence! It might even be a plot by the Earth Kingdom to trick us into not attacking Omashu! Yes, that's it. It has to be it!"

All eyes turned to the messenger once again who simply replied, "Captain Khan of the 41st Infantry Division sends you King Bumi's crown and a written declaration of surrender marked with his personal Earth Monarch seal as proof of the accomplishment."

Without another word, he opened the wicker basket that he had carried in and pulled a small pillow. On it rested a rolled up letter and a fine green cloth cap with a pair of long peacock-pigeon feathers.

General Tuan- being the closest to the messenger- reached out and opened the letter. Beady eyes scanned the contents before he bowed to the Fire Lord.

"It's... it's true, my Fire Lord." General Tuan muttered- just as surprised as everyone was, "Through the 41st Division's sole efforts, Omashu has surrendered to the Fire Nation. This is truly King Bumi's crown."

Azula had to watch as her father's eyes lit up with cruel delight. No... No, no, no, no! This was all wrong! She was the one who was supposed to do that! She was the one who was supposed to take Omashu and claim the glory! She was the one who was supposed to send the earth monarch's crown in a basket And most of all, she was the one to make her father's eyes twinkle with delight!

"Crude and ugly, just like the Earth Kingdom." Her father mocked the crown with an unkind smile of relish, "The city is noteworthy, but this crown isn't. A fine trophy, indeed. Place it in the vault with the rest of them- right next to the crown of the Earth Monarch of Taku."

"At once, Fire Lord!"

A wave of muttering followed, some in disbelief and some in excitement. Of course, it was: Omashu was now held by the Fire Nation- their forces had a straight and unobstructed shot for Ba Sing Se now. It was good news indeed for everyone in the Fire Nation... except for Azula herself. All those weeks of endless preparations, wasted. She was caught immensely off-guard, and right in front of her father as well!

"A recess on this war council is in order." Her father told the rest of the council. "Leave us, I must speak with my daughter alone."

Obediently, the generals stood up, bowed respectfully and left the chambers. It was just her father and her.

"I... father, I can..." she stammered, but for once, she was really out of words. What could she even say? That she'll make things right when it was already the single greatest military victory they had attained all year? That she'll top it with an even more impressive achievement when even her most optimistic estimate was three weeks off? That Omashu was already weak and at the breaking point right after she had done her hardest to boast about what a grand achievement it would be?

"You claimed that it would take you a month, Azula." He pointed out her own claim to her, "It rings quite hollow now that a captain with a single infantry division has taken the city a full week before you had even started. Worse yet, you also staked your honour on it. Let us discuss that."

Azula hid a wince. She really shouldn't have said the H word, because now she looked like a complete and utter Zuko!

[The Fire Nation-Occupied City of Omashu]

For making her look like a complete mouth-breathing idiot...
{Azula} Reputation : -10 -> -50​

What the hell did I do?

- Azula's Carefully Laid Plans End -
​

AN:

You voted, so I'll listen... Slightly longer updates have won- updates would be around the 7k-9k range.

I extended the Bumi fight... It's a lot longer now than originally written because a lot of people seemed to be looking forward to it. So, here's an attempt of mine to write an actually engaging fight scene. Also, that meant that Yor's actual scenes are pushed to the next chapter.

By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Darknym, Ghjikl, Gulski and 1,937 others
Infonticus
Feb 27, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 7: The Thorn Princess
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Mar 6, 2023
Add bookmark
#850
Chapter 7: The Thorn Princess
[Aunt Wu's Fortune-Telling Parlour, Makapu Village]

Katara tried to calm her heart that was rapidly beating in her chest- almost like it wanted to burst out of her blue waterbending robes.

This was it. In this mystical candlelit parlour, she was going to get her fortunes read by a real live fortune teller despite how much her meathead brother whined about it! Sokka had always been dismissive of things he couldn't understand after all. First, it was her waterbending, now it was Aunt Wu's fortune-telling. But Katara knew otherwise, there were few things more significant than the spiritual side of nature after all. And now, she was going to experience it first hand! Literally!

With her hand extended out, the elderly fortune teller in fine yellow robes traced the lines of her palm.

"Your hands are so smooth, Katara." Aunt Wu complimented with a smile, and Katara beamed.

"Thanks, Aunt Wu, I've been using a special seaweed lotion. I can get you some if you'd like!" She blurted out nervously before asking the question that she had been wanting to ask all this time, "So... do you see anything interesting in my loveline?"

Aunt Wu just laughed with a motherly smile, and Katara blushed in embarrassment. She must get that question a lot from girls her age, but the fortune teller just indulged her- tracing Katara's palm lines with a gentle finger.

"I see a great romance for you." She told her, "The man you're going to marry."

"Tell me more!" Katara almost shouted as she felt her heart leap in excitement.

"...I can see that he is a very powerful bender."

A thousand questions popped in her head. Was it a fellow Waterbender that she'll meet at the North Pole? Maybe an Earthbender that she'll meet on the way there? Maybe a rebel Firebender with a dark past like in those books!

"Wait... There's more." Aunt Wu hummed after a long pause- still tracing Katara's palm, "Oh, I haven't seen this in a while!"

"What is it?! Tell me, please!"

"It would seem that there will be more than one." She said with a bemused smile, "A man blessed by the spirits with exceedingly good looks at that."

Katara could only gape in shock.

"Not only am I going to be courted by a powerful bender, but also by a really cute guy?!" She exclaimed in disbelief before she realised something, "Wait, uh... does that say in my future or in my whole life in general?"

"Oh?" Aunt Wu giggled, "Have you had a lover that matches that description?"

"Well... not a lover." Katara trailed off- looking away as she sheepishly scratched the back of her head. Jet was really cute before she found out that he was a horrible person. Hopefully the powerful bender and the 'man with good looks' weren't mass murdering maniacs too. Honestly, Trying to drown an entire village of people... She felt like a total idiot for overlooking that just because of Jet's rugged, bad boy looks. Katara pouted, "Hopefully, he wasn't it. I'd feel so disappointed if he was 'the man blessed by the spirits with exceedingly good looks.'"

"Well... not a lover." Katara trailed off- looking away as she sheepishly scratched the back of her head. Jet was really cute before she found out that he was a horrible person. She pouted, "But hopefully, he wasn't it. I'd feel so disappointed if he was."

"Well, you don't have to worry!" the elderly fortune teller in yellow just laughed, "This tells of your future, if you must know."

"But how can I have two guys fighting over me? I don't feel that pretty!"

Aunt Wu just gave a reassuring smile as her wrinkled hand patted Katara's own, "Oh little Silver Lily, you underestimate yourself."

That cheered Katara up, and more important questions began popping up in her head that she immediately peppered the fortune teller with, "How will I meet him? What would I be wearing when I meet him? What kind of good looking are we talking about? Is he the hot-kind of good looking or the cute kind?"

"Well, if you must know, we can do another method of fortune-telling." Aunt Wu suggested- offering Katara a plate full of dried animal bones, "This is the most reliable way of telling your fortune. Pick one and throw one into the fire. The heat will makes cracks in the bones, and I read the bone cracks to tell you your destiny."

With hands that shook slightly, Katara did as instructed- picking out a bone from the pile and throwing it into the fire. Almost immediately, it caught fire and popped like a firecracker as smoke rose.

"Oh my! This- this is incredible!" Aunt Wu exclaimed as she stared at the fire, "Your heart will be host to a great battle. An awesome conflict between the forces of good and evil in a swirling firestorm of immense passions! A battle of love and lust whose outcome will shape the destiny of the ENTIRE WORLD!!"

Katara gasped- her blue eyes wide. "That... that's so..."

"So romantic/horrible!"

Both Katara and Aunt Wu blinked at the closed door from where the shout of 'horrible' came from.

"Aang!" She shrieked in pure embarrassment at the closed door. "Were you eavesdropping on my fortune-telling?!"

The door slid open to reveal the airbender wearing a sheepish expression at being caught, "I'm sorry, you were just gone for so long that I got worried. Yeah, that's it!"

"Oh, sorry for making you worry but I was just asking Aunt Wu one last question anyway!"

"But Aunt Wu just told you that it's going to be a 'swirling firestorm'!" Aang butted in, "How is that romantic in any way?!"

"It's a figure of speech, Aang!" Katara harrumphed before excitedly turning to face the fortuneteller, "So, is he hot or cute?!"

"Well, to answer your question..." The older woman- who had just been sitting amused- said as she just picked up a fragment of bone, scrutinised it under the candlelight, and gave her the answer she was waiting (and hoping for), "Oh yes. He's really, really hot."

Katara squealed uncontrollably in excitement at the same time as Aang groaned in exasperation.

She hoped he was taller than her!

[Khan's Forge, Omashu]

Over a great anvil, my muscled seven-foot-tall frame clad in a blacksmith's apron hammered away at a red-hot piece of damascus-style steel that I was shaping into a knife. The sound of metal striking metal resounded, rhythmic and powerful, throughout the hazy interior of my personal blacksmithy.

Every tradesman needed good tools for their profession after all: The abacus for the clerk, the plough for the farmer, and deadly weapons for the soldiers of the 41st Division. That was why- all along the metal walls of my workshop- blades of all kinds lined the surfaces in such great numbers that there was now more blade than there was wall. Slender spears and hefty dao swords for my spearmen, baleful guandao glaive for my cavalry, and utilitarian woodsman hatchets for my mounted scouts. Every single one of them having had their cutting edges honed to a murderous sharpness; and all of them stamped with the same seal of the very best blacksmith to ever grace the Four nations: myself.

Skill Level up: [Smithing]! Lvl 16 -> Lvl 17​

After all, there was nothing quite like the monstrous power scaling and sheer bullshit of someone with a Gamer System. In a paltry two months, I had achieved a mastery of the forge that other people would have spent their entire lifetime trying and failing to attain.

[Smithing] Lvl 17 - Master​
The skill of fashioning items from raw materials, repairing them, and honing them to a greater quality.

At higher levels, [Smithing] becomes more than just crafting weapons, armour and knick knacks; you will turn it into an artform. In a world filled with uncertainty, your creations will be where all doubt halts in its tracks. Why concern yourself about an enemy's parry when your blade can just shear right through their weapon like it was cork? Why worry about some waterbender's frozen spears when you know your armour won't even dent under the icy points? And you would be certain that your creations themselves will be there to endure the passing of the ages... and witness the bones of the enemies they have been used to slay turn to dust.

Level 5 - Apprentice Skill Perk​
Muscle Smith (Passive): Everyone knows that you need at least a four pack abs to forge properly. Add 5% of your Strength and Dexterity as a smithing quality bonus.

Level 10 - Expert Skill Perk​
Quality Assurance (Passive): Shit stuff done shit quick. You may choose to increase smithing speed by 5% for each 1% of smithing quality you forego, or vice versa. (e.g. Smith an item 100% faster in exchange for a 20% decrease in Item Quality; or smith an item 100% slower in exchange for a 20% increase in Item Quality.)

Level 15 - Master Skill Perk​
Tools of the Trade (Passive): 'A real blacksmith knows how to make do with subpar equipment.' told the blacksmiths to their wives in bed. Drastically reduce the quality penalty of using [Smithing] skill with low-quality or missing tools; conversely, smithing quality and smithing speed bonuses scale slightly better with good tools.

+ R +​

Of course, I was quick to realise that my effective [Smithing] was pushed beyond that of just Master-level thanks to the combined effects of the perks. The synergy and versatility of these perks were just that good.

I acquired them right on time as well!

The Fire Nation doesn't really equip its cheap, expendable infantry divisions like the 41st with the best weapons and armour; so, I had been aiming to outfit the 41st with better equipment for a while now. But between the raiding and the pillaging, I had struggled to find the time to forge all of it... until now. With the [Quality Assurance] perk, I can mass produce my work in record time; and with the bonuses from [Muscle Smith] and [Tools of the Trade], the Item Quality debuff from rush-building was all but negated.

Attainable Item Qualities
Poor - Shoddy - Common - Fine - Superior - Exquisite - ???​

I'll have to level up my Smithing even more if I want to unlock the next level of Item Quality. For now, equipping my men with even (Fine) quality weapons and armour was going to be welcome compared to the (Shoddy) quality gear that we had left the Fire Islands in. Now, I was able to give my troops a clear and definite upgrade: They'll be slashing through piddly Earth Kingdom armour in no time. And it was all thanks to sticking around Omashu for a week, the troops definitely deserved a bit of off time to enjoy their spoils and concubines.

Speaking of horny troops lazing about...

"Are you girls just going to watch me all day?" I asked my honour guard of Kyoshi Warriors who were garbed in comfortable Fire Nation cotton reds as they sat there fanning themselves.

Suki just shrugged with an impish smirk on her full, pink lips.

"Well..." She said playfully, "if you're going to spend the entire day hammering away at something that isn't us... We might as well get some entertainment out of it, yeah? Honestly, you got six ready and willing girls right here; if we weren't still carrying your cum from the other night, we'd have thought that you aren't interested in women. Besides~ If you didn't want us watching, then maybe you shouldn't be doing that in just a leather apron and pants... and maybe close the windows too."

She smirked at the window behind me where the mid-afternoon sun was shining through, and when I turned, I caught a glimpse of the tops of some of the local girls' heads. Visiting sisters and nieces to the troops' concubines in the newly constructed Fire Nation base within Omashu.

"Good ventilation in a workplace is undervalued." I shrugged back at Suki as I began to put the finishing touches to the knife I was forging, "It is especially important here in a blacksmithing workshop where it will help keep the temperature and toxic gases under control."

The redhead just chuckled- the playful smile never leaving her face.

"Citing ancient airbender wisdom doesn't change the fact that there are already rumours floating around the city about your 'princely' appearance." Suki laughed, "Yeah, it's completely true, but it's still really funny."

"Let the people gossip." I grunted as I held up the finished knife before putting it into its brass-gilded leather sheath. I also pulled out five more identical ones and handed them to Suki and the other Kyoshi Warriors, "Here, a (Superior) [Survival Knife]. It's meant for everything outside of combat. Cut rope, carve wood, field dress a hare, even come with a flint stick for starting a fire. But, in a pinch, its edge will hold up well enough in battle."

"Thanks, Khan... it's a fine blade." Suki murmured- running a slender finger along the cheek of the blade and along the diamond inlaid on the hilt. She smirked in amusement at me, "But you know that jewellery that you give to girls don't usually come in the form of a knife?"

"Are you sure that you're the type of girl to walk around glittering with jewellery?" I shrugged, I only did that because I get a bonus in [Smithing] experience the more expensive an item is. I would rather forge fashionable

"Eh, you're right. Who would even want to have jewell- Hey!" Suki said- only to be interrupted by her compatriots who they pushed her aside.

"Ignore Suki. She's a tomboy with no sense of romance."

"No, I'm not! I'm just a lot more practical!"

"The knife is really handy and pretty, but we'd definitely appreciate custom jewellery! Every girl wants to feel like a princess every once in a while!"

"Can I give you designs?! I always dreamed of a personalised gold unagi bracelet!"

"Oh, can you do jade, Khan? I'd love a lion-turtle necklace!"

"I'd love some jade earrings in the shape of the moon! I want to feel like the princess of Kyoshi Island!"

"Bull pig, I'm the one who's going to look like the princess of Kyoshi Island!"

"Hey, you two can't just outshine everyone else like that!"

"Just watch me!"

"Well..." I hummed in consideration, "If we ever find ourselves needing to mingle with high society, I'll certainly deck you all out properly with distinct styles. And yes, I can do jade. Just be ready with your designs, and I'll do the rest. For now, however, I still have to finish putting together my armour."

Their pretty faces lit up in delight as they rushed out of my blacksmithy, their shouts of excitement following them out.

"I'm going to be the first to get my design in!"

"My design will be better though!"

"No, it's not. Your sketches look like ostrich-horse scratchings!"

Watching her sisters rush out and leave her alone with me, Suki just sighed with a fond smile, "I guess we know what we'll be doing this evening. We'll see you back home, Khan?"

"Yes." I leaned down and kissed the blushing redhead. And she melted into the kiss- pressing her soft, busty body against my torso and grinding herself up and down. By the time I pulled away from the kiss, two hard points poking through the thin fabric of her shirt and her deep blue eyes were clouding over hotly with lust as she looked up at me.

For giving them lovely gifts and sweet promises...
{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} Affection: 5 -> 10
{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} Obedience : 80 -> 83​

"Mmmm... spirits..." Suki moaned softly- her slender hands gripping desperately at my apron, "What do I have to do to get this body on top of me tonight?"

"Be lucky."

"I'll keep my fingers crossed then." Suki grinned as she turned towards the door before stopping at the threshold- glancing back at me with a sultry smirk on her lips, "But I think it'll help if I stack the odds in my favour, hmm? I'll talk to the others and see if we can't give you a nice surprise when you get home. So... don't keep us waiting, alright?"

With that last suggestive comment, she left for home- her footsteps echoing away as I was left alone in my blacksmithy. I shouldn't have kissed her...because now Suki was going to go and rile up the other Kyoshi Warriors; and once again, I definitely won't have time to read through the books I had acquired. I had a wealth of knowledge that could and would be extremely useful in the future, as well as being the fastest way to level up my Intelligence stat. But oh well. In terms of things to get distracted by, six extremely horny girls waiting for me in my bedroom was not so bad.

For now, however, there was work to be done.

Attainable Item Qualities
Poor - Shoddy - Common - Fine - Superior - Exquisite - ???​

"Let's see if I can't improve my armour past (Exquisite) quality." I muttered to myself as I pulled out my unfinished armour from my Gamer Inventory. "One day, I'll be clad in armour that could withstand even the wrath of the Heavens themselves, and this is where it starts."

I lifted up my hammer; and once again, the sound of metal striking metal began to resound from my blacksmithy.

(Later that night)

By the time that I had finished, the sun had set, the stars were out in the sky and this mountain city of stone was dark out.

For light, Omashu only had scant lamp posts placed at intersections, but people usually slept before nightfall unless it was a special occasion. The pre-industrial world was certainly a dark and quiet place. Not that I was in any rush to show off my new armour: it didn't look any different from before after all. However, it was good to be back to being the big bad warlord in spiky Fire Nation armour, instead of just some tall guy in trousers and a t-shirt.

"Excuse me..." The soft voice of a woman rang out through the night air, formal and polite, "Captain Khan, commander of the 41st Division, I presume?"

She stood in the middle of the stone road. Her tight black dress, black thigh high boots and raven black hair made her look like a shadow standing amongst shadows; and if not for her rare eyes, I would not have seen her. Her blood red eyes that were almost luminous in their intensity as she stared at me coldly- like some demon of the night. Ultimately, it was her brass hair ornaments in the shape of flowers that completed her look and made me recognise her. Her name immediately came to me.

Yor Briar.

An incredibly lethal assassin known for her preternatural strength, speed and beauty... and a character from the manga/anime Spy x Family. Unfortunately for me, that was about as much as I knew about her- the manga had been on my backlog to read. Regardless, her existence here shouldn't be possible here in the world of Avatar, except I had already expected deadly assassins because of the [Marked for Death] perk that I took. Without a doubt, she must be it.

Lustrous brass-plated stiletto knives twirled in her slender palms as she spoke just as politely as before, "I am sorry to bother you, but may I have the honour of taking your life?"

"I respectfully decline." was my answer... right before my arms winded in a graceful arc to launch a screeching ball of flame straight up into the night sky.

Yor's blood red eyes widened slightly in surprise as several red flares shot up into the sky in response to my fireball. Shouts of alarm echoed all across the city as my soldiers woke up and readied themselves for battle. I couldn't risk the possibility that Yor had come at the head of an Earth Kingdom offensive after all. Whatever plan she was part of, it stops here.

"Now the entire 41st Division knows you're here." I told her simply as I pulled out my new (Exquisite) [Steel Meteor Hammer].

"That is acceptable." The assassin murmured with a cold stare. Her heels tapping against the stone as she began approaching me. "Our business will be concluded long before they find us."

She burst into a dead sprint- rocketing towards me faster than anything I'd ever seen before.

Seeing her rapid approach, I did the only thing a mongolian warrior under Chinggis would do in this situation: I turned tail and ran. For the Mongols who were the penultimate horse archers, honour in battle did not matter whether you kill an enemy while charging or retreating; it only mattered that you did. A mindset that could be traced back to their nomadic hunter roots, one either came back home with that game or came back home in shame. The means did not matter, as long as food was put over the fire.

With [Power Move] adding to my movespeed/jump height and [Parkour Prodigy] doubling my Dexterity for all things parkour, I was able to keep distance as I sprinted down roads, ran up walls, and leapt from rooftop to rooftop with the extremely dangerous assassin hot on my heels. And all while, I kept lashing out at Yor with my [Steel Meteor Hammer]- the chain clinking crisply as it sliced through the night air. The raven-haired assassin dodged every strike that I attempted on her of course- the flanged metal ball of my weapon gouging and smashing the patches of stone road and slate rooftop that she had been standing on just half a heartbeat ago.

"A poor choice in location, assassin!" I shouted to her, "You'd have had a better chance of killing me out in the open fields!"

It was here that the reasoning behind my choice in weapons was clearest, I had immense reach with my meteor hammer while still being able to leverage all of my Strength and Dexterity in battle. Meanwhile, her immense strength and armour-piercing stilettos were all but useless now that she can't get close enough to stab me with them. But more importantly, it was apparent that she hadn't been expecting me to be this fast and agile.

"Were you expecting another bender stuck in his stances and styles?" I taunted as I shortened the distance by two paces- allowing me to increase the speed of my attacks and ramp up the pressure. And sure enough, I landed the first hit of our fight- my meteor hammer smashing against her side with enough force to crush boulders. It was the same for the follow up strikes that came after, the dangerous mass of my meteor hammer working into a continuous kata as it struck her thigh, her arm, her shoulder. Such an avalanche of blows would have pulverised the torso of a lesser woman. But for Yor, I bet it will only bruise.

She stood there as a momentary lull fell on our battle. Breathing through gritted teeth as she shakily held up her still unused stilettos..

"Surrender, and I promise that I'll listen to your pleas." I told her honestly. Because in order to remove [Marked For Death] and stop the annoying stream of assassins that will be coming my way, I needed to confront whoever hired her; and that meant that Yor needed to be alive. I was ready to bribe her in whichever way was necessary to knock that debuff perk from my list, but...

Imagine my dismay when instead, Yor actually got serious.

Stone broke under her feet as she exploded into a dash, and I immediately found my meteor hammer stuck as she stabbed her brass stiletto down onto the chain of my weapon- staking the chain to the ground and stopping my offensive right in its tracks.

So fast was she that she closed the distance between us in a blink of an eye- her arm outstretched with her stiletto in a brutal lunge. Even the reflexive activation of my [Bullet Time] wasn't enough for me to dodge in time... her brass stiletto pierced through the solid steel of my new chestplate with an ear-piercing shriek of metal. Seven inches of stiletto blade sank so deep into my chest that the tip exited out my back and clinked against the backplate of my armour.

* Critical Hit! * [Thorn Princess' Charge], -882 hp
HP: 1050 -> 168
​
The force was enough for me to stumble back- falling onto my back with Yor sitting on my abdomen. Blood red eyes staring at me as she panted breathlessly. "It's over... it's too close to your heart. You'll bleed out within seconds of me pulling this out."

"I agree. It is indeed over..." I grunted- staring back at her through the slits of my skull-faced helm, "...Because you just lost your one chance of winning this fight."

[Berserker Rage]
HP at 16%.
All stats at 268%

[Furor of Furious Fury]
Angry caveman powers, activate!
For the next 4 strikes you make, your strength is doubled.​

Yor barely saw my punch shoot in from the side- my steel-encased fist striking her cheek with the concentrated force of a runaway train and sending her tumbling away like a stone skipping across water before crashing against a wall.

I stood up to my full armoured height. The Gamer System allowing me to operate at full power for as long as I had HP left.

[Furor of Furious Fury]: 3 of 4 Charges left​

"I learned from fighting Bumi." I explained to her as I pulled out the stiletto from my chest- the brass blade slick red with my own blood, "Immediately after my confrontation with him, I went about rounding out my build so that I wasn't so dependent on my Dexterity to carry me to victory. I had prepared and built for powerful Earthbenders, but it seems that this build is just as suitable for assassins who can't kill me in one strike."

After Bumi's fight, I had six total perk points: Four perk points from the mission reward and two perk points from level ups. I immediately went for the perks that would be my backup plan should my Dexterity ever fail, like it had right now.

Furor of Furious Fury (Active): Angry caveman powers, activate! For the next 4 strikes you make, your strength is doubled.

[Lvl 2] Flex it off! (Passive): You feel a lot better after you pose and flex your muscles. On top of your Constitution, add 50% Strength to your Health points and Resistances calculations.

[Lvl 2] Overpower (Passive): Hit 'em hard when they're not looking, but hit 'em even harder when they are. Gain 40% bonus Strength against enemies that you're not outflanking.

Riposte (Passive): A skill distilled from a billion hours in Soulsborne games. Attacking directly after a successful parry now carries a guaranteed crit.

+ R +​

Name: Khan "The Giant"
Level: 7
Level exp: 192/3500
Rank: Captain. 41st Division, Fire Nation Army.
HP: 168/1050
Strength: 54 (220)
Dexterity: 52 (139)
Constitution: 58 (155)
Intelligence: 5 (13)
Spirit: 39 (104)
* 0 Perk Points Available.*

+ R +​

With a casual yank on my meteor hammer's chain, I snapped the stiletto that had staked it down, and the flanged steel ball was once again swinging in deadly circles around me.

"You can't win this." I told the woman as she shakily got back onto her feet, "You should just take my offer of surrender, Yor."

Red eyes widened at the mention of her name, "How do you know my name?"

"That depends. Are you surrendering?"

"... No." She said simply, her eyes narrowed into hard slits.

"Then wouldn't you like to know." I laughed as I activated [Bullet Time]- time once again slowing down to 80%. Against someone as outlandishly quick like the Thorn Princess, it would not have mattered. But with almost three times the Strength and Dexterity, I was able to swing my meteor hammer so fast that it howled through the air. Yor had been dodging my longer ranged attacks the entire fight, but not this time. This time she found that she was no longer fast enough to dodge it, and she was forced to take the strike- blocking the flanged metal ball with a spare stiletto that immediately snapped under the blow.

"Arggh!" She grunted as the meteor hammer crushed through her block and struck her upper arm.

[Furor of Furious Fury]: 2 of 4 Charges left​

She was off-balance now, it was time to end the fight. Stone exploded underneath my feet as my seven-foot-tall armoured frame erupted into a sprint aimed right for her

The raven-haired woman gritted her teeth in pain and pulled out her last stiletto knife, once again rushing forward as well into yet another [Thorn Princess' Charge] that would definitely have killed me, except... This time, I was the faster one. Her stiletto knife found itself tangled in a web of my meteor hammer's chain in a masterful parry; and whenever I parry...

[Riposte]
* Next attack is a guaranteed crit! *​

Her pretty face, which was currently in a shocked expression, suddenly found my large armoured hand grasping it...right before I slammed her down with all my supercharged Strength. Such was the force that it made a great crater on the stone road with her body.

* Critical Hit! *
[Furor of Furious Fury]: 1 of 4 Charges left​

I was certain that a hit that strong would have killed Bumi in one blow, but Yor was made of much sterner stuff- groaning in pain as she lay there.

"Surrender, Yor." I told her as I stood over her. My large armoured frame casting a shadow over her as she lay there under moonlight that seemed to be unusually bright tonight. Even as she lay there defeated, she was beautiful under the moonlight like an angel that had fallen from on high. Black hair spread out around her head like a dark halo.

"I... I can't. I can't surrender." Yor grunted- trying and failing to get onto her feet when her entire body seemed to be unresponsive. Blood leaked out of the corner of her mouth as she coughed, "I'm sorry... I can't give up. I have to- until my last breath."

"I see... then so be it." I nodded- my meteor hammer swinging in tight circles, and Yor closed her eyes.

"Anya... Mama is so sorry. But at least I can give you this one last gift..."

...

[Furor of Furious Fury]: 0 of 4 Charges left​

(A day later) [Elsewhere]

= G =​

Dear esteemed director,

The Thorn Princess has been slain by the Giant. Her body charred to ash and buried right where she fell in combat at Omashu.

That very same morning, the Giant wasted no time in addressing his troops of how he had vanquished an 'Earth Kingdom Assassin' and he held the Thorn Princess' stiletto knives aloft as a trophy. He had even commissioned a monument for himself to commemorate his victory over her, which also functions as the Thorn Princess' final resting place. From his account of the battle, the Thorn Princess had fought valiantly and honourably. It is with my recommendation that we fulfill our bargain with her. Attached is a list of Fire Nation schools where Anya Forger may live out a peaceful life as was previously discussed.

Ultimately, the bloodline yet lives and the contract remains dreadfully unfulfilled. We shall dutifully maintain our vigil until we receive new orders; however, we will also quietly work under the assumption that another assassin will be sent to complete the contract.

Respectfully yours,
Gardener Chrysanthemum

= G =​

(Meanwhile) [Khan's Abode, Omashu]

It was slow, gentle and idyllic.

The bed's cover was still soft and warm. The morning sunlight streamed through an open window alongside the chirping of birds and the laughter of children; and the scent of someone cooking a hearty breakfast was wafting in through the door crack. It was like the ideal lazy summer sunday- the type where nothing needed to be done, and there was nothing to do but to do whatever you wanted.

So, I suppose that left us with one big question to be answered.

"Why am I still alive?" Yor murmured to me just as I walked into the room with her breakfast. I had left her in black dress so that she wouldn't panic- having dressed her wounds with clean bandages wrapped around her head, arms and sides where she had been injured. Her red eyes looked over to my chest to the small bandage where she had stabbed me as if confirming my identity. The salve that I had mixed with my [Herbalism] skill accelerated the healing of it four-fold, the same salve that I had applied to her.

I needed her alive for a specific reason: So that she can help me stop the stream of assassins that [Marked for Death] was going to be sending my way.

If Yor was an indication of what level of assassin I was facing, then I might not survive them all. I needed the client who had put the contract on my head. Whoever they were, they needed to die so that I could cut this problem off at the root, and convincing Yor to cooperate was my ticket to that.

"We'll talk over breakfast." I told her gently as I approached her bed and extended little legs out from underneath the tray to place it over her lap.

Dumplings, rice, steamed vegetables and even some fresh fruits... It was a lavish, hearty breakfast in bed for the assassin that almost killed me. A peace offering, because even Chinggis Khan valued diplomacy. However, Yor wasn't interested much in the food, it seemed. Her beautiful face not-so-subtly glanced down to the meal then to the metal knife right by her plate, then back at me. Yes, yes. She was still contemplating killing me, and I could still take her down if she tried it again. But I was counting on her curiosity... and it did not disappoint.

"Why did... you spare me?" She said hesitantly.

"Because I think we can help each other." I said simply- pulling up a chair and sitting my seven-foot-tall frame down by her bedside. "Help each other achieve what we couldn't on our own."

"I'm... not sure about that." Yor replied- her red eyes looked down to her plate.

Times like these I wish I had read the manga. All the promotional art that I had seen of her depicted either a doting mother or a competent cold-blooded assassin. From what little I knew of the plot, she had managed to trick some super spy to be her husband. So, without a doubt, she was incredibly intelligent and cunning: Assassins needed superb planning skills and a knack for deceiving people after all. I treaded carefully around such a dangerous mind.

"You want to quit this assassin business, don't you?" I asked- basing my assumption on what little I knew of her background. "But your guild holds your leash tight- possibly against your will?"

My words seemed to have struck a chord something in Yor, because she fell silent while she poked at her food.

"I can supply you whatever you need." I said- taking a stab in the dark, "Get you wherever you wish or maybe help you find someone as well?"

The kitchenware crumpled under her fists like paper as I yet again hit home with my words- an indecipherable expression of deep, focused thought on her face. Was she angry? And if she was, was I the target of her ire or for someone else? Hard to tell. But what I did know now was that I had to tread even more carefully. I did expect a tense negotiation with Yor after all, and had appropriately prepared myself for it: I was prepared to be wrong in my assumptions and retreat to other talking points, I was prepared for a round two in case she turned hostile and I was prepared with a number of potential bargaining chips- some very costly....

But what I was not prepared for was for Yor to suddenly burst out in tears- burying her face in her hands.

"They have my daughter... they have Anya!" She sobbed, "I wanted to quit. For her! She was just so happy having a normal childhood that I can't bear to take that away from her, no matter how much I wanted to take her under my wing and teach her all she needs to know how to be a great assassin- like how to slit a target's throat or how to toss someone off a balcony. Everyone always said that we looked like a good mother-daughter pair. It shouldn't matter if I had adopted her just for a cover identity: She's my daughter, I'm her mother and that's all that really matters, right?!"

"Right..." I just agreed to her tearful rambling. I was definitely taken aback at how easily she was pouring her heart out to a complete stranger that she had been aiming to murder on the streets just last night... ... But I wasn't falling for it. My money was that this was an elaborate trick to get me to lower my guard down. I was definitely dealing with a cunning killing machine who wasn't afraid to use her 'innocent mother' appearance to lull targets into a fall sense of security.

"But the Garden said that I can't just retire... so they... so they..." She hiccuped- tears streaming down her cheeks and snot dripping from her nostrils.

She actually looks like a naive helpless woman... What a frighteningly competent actress.

"So they're holding her hostage to ensure your compliance..." I nodded- playing along with her ruse. "But what matters is that I know how to help you. What if we found where she was being held?"

She whipped her head towards me- red eyes wide in shock.

"You would do that?!"

"Naturally." I nodded- handing her a handkerchief, "I help you, you help me. Everyone walks away happy. I just need the name of the client that placed the contract on my head, so that we may settle our differences."

... by pulping their skull with my meteor hammer.

"I... don't know who that is." Yor muttered- poking at her food, "I never directly talk with the client who commissions the contracts. The Shopkeeper just gives me my contracts. The one thing I know about your contract is that you're the last target in a list of fourteen targets."

"They gave our names?"

"Only some... oh, this ish good." She explained- happily munching on her dumplings now, "For other targets like yours, they gave me a description like 'The paternal grandchild of the female Fire Nation Commander who was captured during the first siege of Ba Sing Se.'"

"Books like these?" I guessed as I held up a specific book. Hardback and bound in red, the Royal Family's insignia proudly displayed in gold right underneath the title: Transcript of the 2nd Negotiations with the 50th Earth King, Volume 3.

Her eyes lit up in recognition, "How did you find..."

"A villager stumbled on your stash and exchanged it for food." He told her as he flipped through the thick book, "It's impressive that you tracked me down like you did. This barely mentioned me."

I had scant memories of my earlier life here in Avatar. An orphanage, a second-rate public school, and Fire Nation Army boot camp... Apparently, grandmother was a hotshot commander.

"I... uh... I accidentally assassinated two other Fire Nation Captains before I got it right with you."

"...What?" I glance away from the book to look at the raven-haired woman who was looking clueless- what with bits of rice on her cheek...

"It was really, really hard too, okay!" Yor pouted, "The records were so hard to find that it took me a whole year to find them and I'm... uh... I'm not really good at putting clues together or figuring things out or reading thick books that use big, weird words like 'genealogy.'"

"I can imagine..." I said dumbly. I knew I should have read the manga. I was starting to think that Spy x Family may not have been the 'Spy vs Spy' thriller that I first thought it was. Was it a romcom or something? Because I was now uncertain if I was being masterfully deceived by a penultimate actress who can feign innocence to get closer to her target. Or... maybe, just maybe... This woman really was as naive and innocent as she acted. I'll just play things safe and assume this is just some galaxy-brained play to get me to lower my guard.

"Regardless... Do we have an accord?" I cough- getting this conversation back on track and extending my hand to her, "I'll help you find your daughter, and you'll help me get the hit on me rescinded?"

Yor grinned bright and happy in response as she shook my hand, "If you can bring me to Anya, I will forever be in your debt!"

"It is agreed then." I said- smiling in return. Her expression was so earnest and her voice cracking with sincere gratitude that I almost began to doubt that this was all an act. Almost. I really needed to keep my guard up with this assassin.

"So, how do you plan on finding Anya?" She asked immediately after.

"There's a tracking specialist hanging around in an inn a few days north from here." I told her, "I still have some business here in the city with the formal ceding of control of Omashu to the Fire Lord's officially appointed governor; but afterwards, we will be marching north anyway- the perfect time to pick up that specialist. Speaking of which, do you have anything that Anya has worn or held a lot?"

"Just these..." Yor muttered- reaching into her pocket and pulling out a pair of black cloth cones with gold trimming, "Anya's favourite hair ornaments."

"If I may, I'll hold onto those for safe-keeping, we'll need those to find Anya."

For a moment, Yor looked reluctant about handing them over- staring at the pieces of cloth with a pained expression before looking away and muttering a hesitant, "...okay, but please take care of them."

"I will." I told her as I placed them in a small jewellery box which I placed in my Inventory. "They'll be perfectly untouched until the moment we need them for finding Anya."

"Thank you..."

"In the meantime, I'd like to conduct an interview with you." I informed her- pulling out my pen and paper ready.

"I see... of course." Yor looked away- blushing heavily for some reason. "If it's for Anya, I'll... I'll do it."

"I'll try to keep it away from more personal-"

Yor slipped the top of her dress down- the soft, round globes of creamy pale skin topped with luscious pink tips swaying with each breath she took.

"-topics." I finished dumbly. A few seconds of perturbed silence followed before I continued, "If I had a copper piece for everytime a girl had spontaneously stripped down in an interview, I'd have two copper pieces... which isn't a lot, but it's weird that it happened twice already... Is there a particular reason why you're flashing me your breasts?"

Yor just shyly glanced back with hesitant red eyes and a bright red blush, "So, you're not going to sketch my naked body while you ask me all sorts of embarrassing things? Even I heard rumours about your interviews..."

"Ah, there seems to be some misunderstanding as to what an interview entails." I surmised in a thoughtful tone, "Let me address the root of this problem."

I turned towards the door, and inhaled.

"SUKI! GET IN HERE!"

A scant few seconds later, the red-headed Kyoshi Warrior cracked the door open and stuck her head in- a sheepish and all too innocent smile already on her face.

"Hey, Khan!" She greeted with that same bright grin, "Uh, if this is about that underground ostrich-horse street racing tournament, we had nothing to do with it!"

"Nevermind that. What weird rumours have you been spreading about my interviews?!" I demanded- gesturing at Yor who still had her tits hanging out as she watched on.

"Oh, a new interviewee, huh?" Suki nervously chuckled, "Me and the girls might have been talking a bit too loud about you, and someone might have overhead us?"

I just shot her a crossed look.

"Hey, you can't blame me for that one!" she pouted,"I don't control what people say. And it's not my fault that all our interviews end with the kind of mind-blowing sex that I can't help but brag about!"

"Yes, it certainly is your fault." I retorted- feeling a headache rise already, "Especially since you're the one who insists on it! Do you understand how much harder you've just made getting interviews with people now that they think I'm going to do lewd things?!"

"You're overreacting, Khan~" Suki waved off with a laugh, "It's just rumours, it's not like they're going to have far reaching consequences!"

(Meanwhile) [Several dozen kilometres north of Omashu]​

Sitting in a rustic inn, Iroh excitedly sipped his jasmine tea as he considered the Pai Sho game that he was spectating.

"Oh, what a tense game." He remarked with a soft laugh as the two gentlemen who were playing stared intently at the board between them. It may have been a war-torn battlefield from how back-and-forth the game had been so far.

Iroh considered himself a player of considerable skill in the game- mostly because that to underplay one's skill in Pai Sho is to wrongfully prey on less experienced players, and he could understand the intensity of the game: The Eastern player's Knotweed and Blue Lotus pieces had just moved in and took much of the Western player's once numerically-superior pieces. The Western player's powerful defence was made completely irrelevant because he was lured out by a poisoned prize rather than the correct move of just sitting still... just like that victory in Omashu.

Oh, how games imitate life!

Still, Iroh could count three different strategies for him to be on the path to victory...but for once, Pai Sho wasn't what had his whole attention right now. No, that honour went to the group of gentlemen loudly and drunkenly talking just the next table over.

"That scarred giant sounds scary..." one of the skinny pubgoers noted with a deep swig from his rice wine, "Where had the Fire Lord been hiding him all this time, and can't he take him back?"

"No, no." his friend replied with an exaggerated shake of his head, "The Fire Nation prince with the burn scar and ugly visage is hunting the Avatar. The giant is the Fire nation warlord with the 'princely' looks that has been despoiling Earth Kingdom villages."

Doubtful expressions sprouted all around the table.

"Are you sure that you're not getting it mixed up?" another pub goer disputed, "It's not the other way around? I mean, if I had princely good looks, I wouldn't be going around raping girls- they'd be climbing up on my pecker all on their own."

It was at that point that other people around the table joined in.

"Well, I heard from one of my dockworker friends about how Kyoshi Island got attacked by someone with an ugly scar..."

"And I heard that a group of Kyoshi Warriors were bragging about bedding a Fire Nation Prince. At once."

"Well, when you say it outloud, it does make more sense." the skinny one conceded. "Okay, maybe I'm wrong."

"Maybe?! Just admit that you're wrong, you dolt!" his friend groaned, "Those frigid Kyoshi Warriors wouldn't sleep with anyone less than a prince, much less someone who burned down their village! The giant is the Fire Nation prince that's hunting the Avatar, and the scarred ugly bastard is that Fire Nation captain burning our villages and raping our women."

Noises of agreement and nodding heads were all around the table.

"Oh dear..." Iroh sighed to himself as he stood up and shook his head in dismay, "My nephew will not be pleased when he hears about these rumours."

It would be better if he was the one to introduce Zuko to the rumours rather than having him discover them on his own.

(Later) [Omashu]

For besmirching what little honour he has left...
{Zuko} Reputation : -10 -> -50​

Why? Just why?

What the hell am I doing that's pissing the Fire Nation royal family off?!
- The Thorn Princess End -​

AN:

Note how in Aunt Wu's prediction... Nowhere does it say that Khan is actually interested in her. That whole part where they fight over her affections was all Katara's assumptions, lol. As for whether Katara will join or not, I haven't decided on anything yet. But I am leaning towards her affections being comedic relief or a fling at most. Jinora is the superior waifu. Yes, we're reaching ATLOK.

Yor's and Anya's backstories are a bit messy... but that's just how it is when adapting across time periods. She would have been a better fit in ATLOK, but I had already committed. Oh well. Also, Twilight just never existed. Apart from him having no reason to exist and add more moving parts to the narrative, he is also just out of the picture because I know people dislike NTR. So, yeah. Yor has always been single in this adaption of her. Anya will be fun to write.
Last edited: Mar 7, 2023
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:IEatCrayons, Ghjikl, Lumiere_DB and 1,752 others
Infonticus
Mar 6, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 8: A Trail of Rumours and Mystical Elixirs
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
May 13, 2023
Add bookmark
#1,185
Chapter 8: A Trail of Rumours and Mystical Elixirs
[The wilderness in the North-Western Earth Kingdom]

Zuko had been having a bad week, so this was a welcome change for him. It even almost managed to put a smile on his face.

Almost.

"You! How could you, you monster!?" The waterbender girl in her usual blue garments angrily shouted at him as she lay helpless on the dirt road. "Even I didn't think you'd stoop this low!"

On this nameless dirt path through an evergreen forest, the merc's massive Shirshu mount had used its venomous tongue to paralyze the two Southern Water Tribe peasants and send both of them face first onto the ground.

Zuko will admit that he had doubts about the blind giant anteater-wolf-mole's ability to actually track someone from scent alone. 'My Shirshu can smell a rat over a continent' its owner had claimed. It had seemed like a mountainous boast at the time, but now Zuko was inclined to believe it. The mercenary, June, didn't look like much with her slender frame and maroon riding leathers. With her long black hair, hazel eyes and fairly attractive features, she looked more like your average minor Earth Kingdom nobility than a bounty hunter. But now that she led him straight to the Avatar's little group? She might actually be worth the steep price tag for her services...

"So, this is your girlfriend..." June ribbed with her usual dry tone and caustic wit. "Huh, no wonder she left. She's way too pretty for you."

Zuko just ignored her in favour of walking over to where the waterbender girl lay on the dirt. "Where is he?! Where is the Avatar?!"

"Get away from my sister!" the annoying boomerang boy with the ponytail angrily shouted out, "Don't you dare take another step closer to Katara! We've heard what you've been doing down south!"

"Down south- No..."

Eyes wide, jaw dropped in shock. Zuko staggered back a step in mortification...

"Yeah! Even we've caught wind of it!" this 'Katara' agreed- staring at him with judging blue eyes, "We heard all about your evil, disgusting deeds you've been doing all over the Earth Kingdom-!"

"THAT WASN'T ME!" Zuko shouted as the frustration came boiling and quieted the two paralyzed water tribe peasants. His fists would have torn out his hair by the roots if he hadn't shaved it off by now, "I've absolutely had it with people thinking I'm some raping, pillaging barbarian. I'm getting enough suspicious side eyes back at base already! I keep telling you all: That wasn't me! The rumours are getting me mixed up with another Fire Nation warrior! The guy you want is Captain Khan! He's the one who took Omashu! He's the one collecting concubines! He's the one enslaving Earth Kingdom citizens and laying waste to Earth Kingdom villages, not me! I just want the Avatar!"

But despite his very true outburst, the two water tribe peasants just aimed skeptical looks at him. Two pairs of matching blue eyes narrowing in distrust.

"You tried to burn down Kyoshi Island!" the waterbender girl accused and correctly too. "So, the rumours don't seem far off from what you normally do!"

"Yeah!" Her brother agreed- still lying on the ground as well, "Everyone's been talking about a 'scarred ugly bastard' doing those horrible things and you're the only scarred ugly bastard we know!"

Forget firebending, Zuko was about to strangle both of them with his bare hands.

"Relax, tribers, he's telling the truth." June languidly said- a smirk on her painted lips saying that she was enjoying Zuko's frustration. "The rumours are getting things mixed up The Giant and his Horde is still a week or two down south. Prince Pipsqueak here couldn't threaten his way out of a kindergarten."

"And how would you know?" Sokka asked. "Who are you even, lady?"

"Name's June. I'm a bounty hunter." She replied, casually checking her black-painted nails, "Telling people apart is what I do, because part of the job description is not beating up and hog-tying the wrong person."

"So, he hasn't been enslaving and violating women left and right?"

June burst out laughing- her long raven black hair rippling past her shoulders with every shake.

"Angry boy here? Interested in women?! That's rich! He's too uptight for that, you have got nothing to worry about." She chuckled before looking over to the pony-tailed boy, "...but your brother might."

"I knew it!" Sokka gasped in sudden panic, "So, the things that they say about the Fire Nation Army are true! Actually... No, please! I'll admit that your ponytail looks good on you, but I like girls!"

"WILL ALL OF YOU SHUT UP!" Zuko shouted at their faces before adding, "And for the record, I like girls too!"

"Really?" June raised a graceful but skeptical eyebrow, "Because you've been riding behind me in the saddle- practically dry-humping me all morning... and not once did I feel anything poke my back."

"That's because I was focused on the mission!" He growled back, "And besides, old ladies don't interest me."

That wiped the smirk off her face- turning it into a fierce glower instead. "Who are you calling an old lady, you punk?!"

"If I may!" His uncle Iroh interjected- placing his fat bulk between the two of them before giving June a sweet smile, "What my nephew means to say is that he has a girl his age that he's already interested in. So please forgive him, he is much too young and naive in the ways of romance to appreciate the appeal of a woman who is mid-blossom to her full beauty."

"Are you saying that I'm not beautiful already, fatso?"

"No." His uncle just smiled serenely, "I'm saying that you'll become even more beautiful."

June huffed, "...Be grateful that your uncle is good at flattery."

"I think you're really pretty too, can you let us go now?" added Sokka.

"ENOUGH!" Zuko shouted at them all, "Just tell me where the Avatar is!"

"Keep your topknot on..." June waved off dismissively as her Shirshu started sniffing around the water tribe girl's pack, "Nyla is picking up another scent, might be your bald monk friend."

Zuko nodded grimly- his scar itching in anticipation for the final showdown.

"Finally..." He muttered. With both of the Avatar's friends paralyzed, and June and her great mount on his side, he had that airbender cornered now. He was going to capture the Avatar this time around, slap him in chains, ferry him back to the Fire Nation and regain his honour.

He was going to win.

(The morning after)

He didn't.

Zuko ground his teeth, doing his best to hide his limp as he made his way through the Fire Nation port. He took a beating yesterday at that abbey, all because the water tribe girl dumped pots of perfumes on the Shirshu and drove it feral. And in the end, the Avatar slipped away, June was left unpaid and he himself was left with a lot of bruises. It was a big loss for everyone involved and they all walked away from that debacle unhappy and empty-handed...

"This perfume is really nice." His uncle commented with a happy sigh- admiring the way the morning sun struck the small glass bottle that he swiped from the abbey, "The citrus scent mixes especially well with the scent of Jasmine tea. It's like I'm a walking Jasmine teapot! I should buy some more before we leave."

... Except his uncle of course. But he was always happy like a fool.

"I hope your sources are correct, Uncle." Zuko just sighed as they headed for Commander Zhao's tent. "I don't want to walk over to the other end of the port and breathe the same air as Zhao for nothing."

"Oh, it was big news, Prince Zuko!" Iroh smiled, "It was practically the talk of every Pai Sho table in port! The first scouts of the infantry divisions from the southern front finally arrived to regroup with us. I'm sure they have a lot of stories to tell."

"Well, I want to be there when they do their first retelling. Maybe I'll finally get some straight answers about this 'Captain Khan' so that I can find a way to clear my name and regain my honour... again."

His uncle just laughed and slapped his back- right on one of Zuko's bruises, "Oh, it's just a misunderstanding. Your good name will be cleared up before you know it!"

"It better be..."

They arrived at the command tent without much fanfare. The two guards silently held the tent door open for them as they passed. There the 'illustrious' Commander Zhao stood alone - his middle-aged face scrunched up in deep concentration as he leaned over a map of the Northern Water Tribe domain of all things.

"Prince Zuko, General Iroh..." he greeted- looking up from his map, "I don't recall inviting anyone to this debrief."

"I hope that's not a problem, Zhao." Iroh firmly replied- looking the younger officer right in the eyes. Zuko just puzzled at how his usually happy-go-lucky uncle was staring down Zhao with such an intense expression... but before he could comment on it, Zhao backed down.

"Very well, how can I refuse the Dragon of the West?" Zhao sighed before glancing to Zuko's scarred eye, "And I suppose our beloved Prince has been thoroughly taught to keep quiet in military gatherings."

Zuko just pushed that unsubtle jab aside as he bowed, "Commander Zhao-"

"Ah ah ah. It's Admiral Zhao now." he tutted with the satisfied smug smile of someone who hasn't gotten tired of rubbing his new promotion in everyone's faces. "After all, the Firelord has recognised my martial talents and correctly judged that my stellar service merited a promotion. To refuse to acknowledge my proper rank is to question him."

"Admiral Zhao." Zuko forced out as if it was broken glass in his mouth. "Thank you for letting me attend this debrief."

"Oh, you're very welcome." He replied in an overly gracious tone, "I suppose I can't blame you... after all, we're all eager to hear about the exploits of Captain Khan and the 41st Division. The Rising Flame of the southern front. The Despoiler of Omashu. The-"

''The Giant and his Horde." Zuko finished.

Admiral Zhao nodded with a frown, "Such an unflattering moniker for a proud Fire Nation hero. Our enemies have such disappointingly limited imaginations. I can only hope they'll think of something better for me. Yes, a much better name indeed..."

Zuko's eyes narrowed in suspicion. His own interest in Khan was to clear his name, but the Admiral's intentions weren't as apparent. He and his uncle followed the admiral to the other room, warmly lit and adorned with red flags of the Fire Nation. A fine wooden table with a lavish tea set waited for them at the centre of the room. It was also where the commanding officer of the scouts sat: The Fire Nation soldier with a black eyepatch nervously looked up at them with his one good eye, and immediately shot up from his seat to salute.

"Admiral Zhao, sir! First Sergeant Yan, 26th Infantry Division, ready and-"

"At ease, first sergeant." Zhao dismissed with a wave as he sat down at the table- gesturing to Zuko and Iroh to do the same, "This isn't the official debrief. Call it a... dress rehearsal, yes. So, sit down, drink some tea... Relax. I'm sure you have a lot to tell us."

Zuko kept silent about how this 'debrief' was already starting to feel like an interrogation even before the first question was asked.

"Permission to speak freely, admiral, sir?" The 1SG gulped as he sat back down. Admiral Zhao poured them all a cup of tea from his fine white porcelain teapot with blue sparrowkeets.

"Granted. We are here to listen to your account after all."

"This is about the Giant, isn't it?"

"Captain Khan, yes." Zhao nodded, his voice dispensing the oily tone for something more direct. More impatient. "Rumours surround him like scorpion-bees around honey. I only want to thresh truth from useless fiction... and you, first sergeant, can start by telling me how your unit met up with the 41st Division."

First Sergeant Yan nodded- cradling his cup.

"It was a week ago." He spoke- staring into his tea, "My unit was on combat patrol around the former town of Gaipan looking for insurgents calling themselves the 'Freedom Fighters.' They had been ambushing troops, cutting off our supply lines and generally hindering Fire Nation operations in the area for months then. We had a run in with them about a month or two back, when they were aiding the Avatar... Right before the Freedom Fighters washed Gaipan off the map by destroying the dam. Naturally, we were looking to put a stop to them. But in our patrol, we found that the Freedom Fighters were long gone, instead, we found an Earth Kingdom battalion."

"The Earth Kingdom is conducting a counterattack?" Admiral Zhao said in mild alarm, "Why was I not informed of this?!"

"Because the Earth Kingdom battalion wasn't counter-attacking, sir." the first sergeant shook his head, "They were fleeing."

"Fleeing from the 41st Division." Iroh solemnly whispered as if saying a prayer to the dead.

"Yes." First Sergeant Yan whispered back, just as solemnly. "They must have been on a forced march from how disordered and haggard they looked. Poor fools have likely been marching for a whole day. And my unit was close enough to witness the 41st Division arrive."

"I assume they were easy prey for the 41st Division?" Zhao supposed- leaning forward in interest, "Are the rumours of their combat prowess true or do they win by trickery?"

"No trickery, sir... We saw them charge through from the treeline on the swiftest Ostrich-horses I've ever seen and scythed straight through the Earth Kingdom ranks with guandao glaives. Half of the battalion must have fallen to that first charge, and the 41st Division's infantry made the second half wish they died with the first. The strength of arms that these soldiers had was unnatural... I witnessed a 41st Division soldier almost cleave an armoured man in half with a single stroke of his dao sword. Another thrust his spear clean through three men. Another tore a man's head off with her bare hands and used it to bludgeon another to death. They didn't fight like any Fire Nation soldier our academies have trained, sir. They were... they were more like demons from the Underworld. Vengeful. Ferocious. Hungry."

"Ah, I see..." Zhao nodded- pressing his lips as he took a mental note, "So, the rumour about the 41st's freakish strength is confirmed to be true then. Interesting."

"Most of the rumours surrounding the Horde are true, sir." The eyepatched first sergeant muttered, "When the battle- the slaughter- was over, my unit joined them in their journey north to regroup here. And it was during that time my unit and I had spent marching with the victorious 41st Division that unnerved me the most... It was a horror to behold."

Admiral Zhao just sneered, "Are you un-manned by the realities of waging war, First Sergeant?"

"N-no, Admiral! It's just- There is war, and there is... whatever it is the 41st Division is waging. The Fire Nation army took prisoners of war, but we did not enslave entire villages worth of people then burn their homes to ashes right before their very eyes. We did not divvy up families like chattel, or hold public executions for rebels where Ostrich-horses feasted on them while still alive. The brutality of it was beyond anything I've witnessed in my seven years serving in the army."

Zuko held back a shiver as he listened to the first sergeant's account. This was no way to wage war. Sozin had started the Great War to share the prosperity of the Fire Nation with the rest of the world... This barbarism was far beyond what was necessary to wage an honourable war. This Khan person seemed every bit as vile as the rumours suggest.

"So, the rumour about Ostrich-Horses eating human flesh was no exaggeration either. Very interesting." Zuko heard Zhao calmly say as if he was checking off a grocery shopping list. And the older man's nonchalance towards it was the final straw for him: Zuko spoke up.

"Aren't you bothered by this?!" he demanded.

"Bothered by what exactly?" Zhao raised a bored grey eyebrow.

"Didn't you hear what the first sergeant just described? Slavery, public torture, flesh-eating Ostrich-horses... this isn't the conduct of a disciplined Fire Nation Division or any Fire Nation Division in fact. This is the work of savage barbarians!"

"Ah, I understand now." Admiral Zhao just smiled a patronising smirk. "It must look so wasteful and pointless from where you're standing at the bottom of the chain of command, but I assure you that the 41st Division has proven the merit of their methods. Captain Khan has a gift for turning enemy assets obedient- and more consequently- productive. How are you liking this table you're sitting at, Prince Zuko?"

"What does a table have to do with anything?!"

"It's a gift from Captain Khan- came with the last caravan." the sly admiral said with a smile, sliding his hand over the smooth surface of the table, "Hand-carved walnut wood, very fine. And my new tea set that you're drinking from? The work of a famed Gao-Ling potter."

Zuko watched as his uncle put down his teacup- for once having his appetite for tea extinguished at the thought of countless people being slaughtered for that particular tea set.

"Both would fit very nicely on my flagship, wouldn't you say?" Admiral Zhao smiled, "But I digress. Khan's largesse extends to more than just trinkets, you may have noticed that our supply depots and commissaries are overflowing with supplies at the moment. Most of it, also from caravans that the 41st Division have sent back. Combine that with the fall of Omashu, the Fire Nation's offensive for Ba Sing Se is revitalised stronger than it has been for years. Rest assured, Fire Nation Command feels that the good Captain has earned the privilege of some strategic flexibility. In fact... I have a letter from the Fire Lord himself that promotes him to the rank of Commander once he arrives here."

"That's it?" Zuko banged his fist on the table, "That violent thug gets to do whatever he wants and even gets a promotion because he bribed you?!"

'While I, your Crown Prince, gets to wander around on an old ship with minimal support from the army?' was left unsaid... Zuko didn't have it in him to admit it. Not even to himself.

The admiral just frowned- eyeing the spot on the table where Zuko had banged his fist, "Bribe is such an ugly word... and besides, Captain Khan has been actively aiding the war effort- which is in direct contrast to your attempts to capture the Avatar. Remind me again, Prince Zuko: When was the last time that you can claim that your misadventures around the Four Nations had helped the Fire Nation as a whole? One particular rumour is that Khan is the Prince of the Fire Nation, with how much he has helped the Fire Nation, it makes one wonder if he is more fitting of the title after all..."

"YOU-"

Before Zuko could tell the admiral exactly what he thought of those rumours, he felt someone kick his feet from under him- sending him sitting back down on the chair.

"So, that is your interest in the captain, Admiral Zhao?" His uncle Iroh noted with an innocent smile. "You want him for your invasion of the North Pole."

Grumbling silently, Zuko settled for parroting the statement, "What? An invasion of the Northern Water Tribe?"

"I'm surprised that you haven't heard, Prince Zuko. But your uncle is correct..." Admiral Zhao just said to him before looking in his uncle's direction, "I suppose you of all people would know the value and rarity of talented young officers, General Iroh. I need the best of the best for my invasion of the Northern Water Tribe to be as smooth as possible. Because when the history books tell of my exploits, I want them to read that my enemies were powerless against my forces, and that neither my victory nor my greatness was ever in question. So, it is unconscionable that a stupid oaf- I mean... a hardworking hippo-cow like General Tuan has command of him. But given that Khan had executed the general's favoured cousin, I am certain that the good captain would be amenable for a transfer."

Zuko heard his uncle sigh.

"However, you are not the only one in Fire Nation Command who wants him under their command." Iroh observed. But Zuko still couldn't figure out why anyone would want that barbarian in Fire Nation clothing as part of their forces.

"No, I'm not..." Admiral Zhao confirmed, "Which brings us back to our good eyepatched friend First Sergeant Yan... I have received reports of the 41st with his latest movements. He and the 41st Division had adopted a needlessly zigzag pattern in their advance. I have received no reports about military gains in the area, so I know that it's a private endeavour by Captain Khan. First Sergeant... What is he doing? What is he after? What does he want that I can give him that other generals and admirals cannot?"

The answer was very unexpected.

"Old women." Yan said with dead seriousness, "He's after old women."

"First Sergeant, I don't tolerate smart-" Zhao said in a warning tone, and the 1SG's lone eye widened as he realised what he said- waving his hands.

"I'm sorry, sir! I may have worded it incorrectly! He's been searching for medicine women, town Herbalists, and wizened old hags living in shacks in the woods. Each of them, the Giant would treat within his tent."

"What is he searching for?"

"I do not know, sir..."

"First Sergeant, need I remind you of the consequences of lying to a superior officer?"

With a defeated sigh, the eyepatched first sergeant reached into his pouch and placed a metal can no larger than a small scroll on the table.

"He seeks the elixir of life, admiral." was the simple answer. "And within this can is a liquid is Captain Khan's unsuccessful attempt at synthesising it. It does not grant eternal life as the Giant had wanted, but instead, he claims that it increases a man's chi three-fold, erases fear from his heart and all but gives him wings. He distributes it to his forces and was generous enough to gift some to my unit as well. I had partaken in it once before battle, and I can attest to its effectiveness. The raging river of power that it grants you so eagerly... it is enough to drive lesser men mad. I was one such lesser men, and the things I did..."

But despite the first sergeant's warnings, Zuko watched a twinkle of greed come to Zhao's eyes, and the admiral swiped the metal can from the table- holding it up like some artefact of great power... right before he tilted the can upside down over his mouth and gulped down its contents.

"No... Not the whole can at once!" the first sergeant whimpered.

The can was dropped- clattering to the table as Zuko, Iroh and the first sergeant could only stare in horror.

"R-AAAAAAAGGHHHHH!"​

Admiral Zhao roared, veins bulging on his neck, his fists clenched white and his amber eyes, "S-such POWER. Ahahahahahaha! So, this is the source of the 41st Division's battlefield prowess! Was this what our ancestors felt when Sozin's Comet burned the sky? YES, I UNDERSTAND THEM NOW! I feel like I could tear down the walls of Ba Sing Se on my own! No, fly right over the walls on wings of fire and burn the entire city to cinders!"

"Admiral! We heard a shout!" The admiral's bodyguards shouted as they rushed in to see their CO's visage, "Are you... alright... sir?"

"Enemies! I need enemies!" Admiral Zhao growled to the horrified guards, "Gather up the troops, we are sparring! GO!"

They scrambled out, and Zuko almost followed them.

"Ahahaha!" Zhao laughed again, his clenched fists ablaze and his amber eyes almost glowing, "More than just a cunning commander, who would have guessed that Khan was also an accomplished alchemist? Truly, he is truly an officer of many, many talents... Yes, now I want him more than ever. He will be mine to command, and the Avatar will fall before my might."

Those words shocked the fear straight off Zuko, and a realisation filled him instead. That's right... whoever had more of such an elixir was going to have an undeniable advantage in this race to capture the Avatar. How much easier would it be to catch that airbender if they had even a fraction the power of the fabled Sozin's comet in a single can?

"What is the name of this wondrous elixir, first sergeant?" Zuko politely asked, earning him a strange look from his uncle. He might actually need his uncle's help for this.

"I must know as well." Zhao agreed- sipping the last drops from the can.

With all the attention back on him, First Sergeant Yan just bowed his head low in defeat... and quietly whispered out a name.

"Yes..." Admiral Zhao grinned- as he tore the empty can in half and licked the insides, "A fitting name for such a fearsome elixir. Just as Khan has claimed, it feels like it has granted me wings to fly on. I need more of it. More of this..."

"Red Bull."​

(Meanwhile) [The Abbey]

For wanting you and your juice badly...
{Admiral Zhao} Reputation : 10 -> 15
{Zuko} Reputation : -50 -> -45
​
"What in the goddamn...?" I muttered as I looked up from what I was working on- scanning the green tree-lined horizon to the west. I hope Admiral Zhao is at least genderbent in this universe. The thought of a middle-aged man lusting after me was... Ugh. Why was everyone higher up in the Fire Nation chain of command acting so strange? A mystery that I'll likely have to solve later.

"Now, where was I? Oh, right... Extortion." I muttered to myself before leaning my seven-foot-tall armoured bulk closer to my latest victim. My green eyes looking through the slit of my skull-faced helm as I pressed her up against the stone wall of her home, "Your order will surrender its secrets to me!"

My deep voice boomed loudly enough to rattle bones, but the woman in brown and white robes stayed defiant.

"No, we will not betray the trust that was invested to us by the Avatar!" she shrieked in religious fervour. It was at that point that Suki and the Kyoshi Warriors caught up. Their slender frames in armoured green kimono and riding atop their Ostrich-horse mounts as they trotted up the dirt path and onto the courtyard with me.

"We can't be your bodyguards effectively if you keep running ahead, Khan." Suki sighed, "And I see you're at it again- harassing old ladies. Nuns at that."

I glanced at the nun that I was manhandling then back at Suki. "It's not my fault that they have the most knowledge ready to be recorded in books, but refuse to do so."

"What do they have this time?" Suki just shook her head, "An herb catalogue? Another secret family recipe for giant sea crab jambalaya?"

"Formulas for organic perfumes. This abbey is well-known in upper circles for them."

"They make what?!"​

The other, less-tomboyish Kyoshi Warriors were immediately off their mounts- rushing into the abbey as their excited shouts. Already sniffing at the large pots of organic perfumes that the nuns of the abbey kept.

"I call dibs!"

"Double Dibs! I'm going to find the perfect scent and smell like royalty!"

"You can't just swab perfume over a pile of Ostrich-horse droppings and think it'll smell nice."

"Like you're one to talk, Miss My-Kimono-has-pit-stains."

"I do not! Take that back!"​

"Ugh..." Suki groaned as she too dismounted to chase after her sisters, "Alright, girls, you all are getting extra catty! That's enough Red Bull rations for you all today!"

More nuns began to stream out of the surrounding structures to see what's going on. An even older woman with a stern, wrinkled face wearing the fanciest habit stepped up to me. Most likely the abbess- the head nun of this convent.

"Wait, you're not here to demand the location of the Avatar? Or to violate us?" she asked in complete confusion, "You're after our perfume recipes?"

"Yes, to the last question. And no, to everything else." I confirmed- looking at the robed nuns that were gathering behind their abbess. I spoke to them all, "You're all lucky that I've gotten over people who have the wrong assumption of me. Your purities are safe... the only question is whether virgins like you will die today because you refused to give those perfume recipes to me."

"Have you no shame?!" one of their nuns shrieked in outrage, "Those recipes are our order's well-kept secrets! It is only through them that this convent has been able to endure for so long and help those in need! And now, you're robbing it! You brutish thug! We will never share them, not to you!"

"That's very defiant for someone in your situation, let's see how long that lasts if I start feeding you all, one by one, to the Ostrich-Horses. So, will I hear some polite words of cooperation or shall we begin a feast for Ostrich-Horses?"

As one, the nuns' eyes were drawn to the Ostrich-Horses... who were eyeing her and her sisters back like dangled pieces of meat. These powerful creatures, sensing the impending feast ahead, ruffled their brown feathers as they began stalking closer on taloned feet. All the unquenchable stamina and appetite of horses, all the raw strength of Australian Emus...

"HONK!"​

... and all the unfathomable evil of the Canadian Geese.

"We will cooperate, O' honoured one! A-anything you wish!" The abbess immediately folded and bowed deeply. From her sleeve, she pulled out a small notebook. "Here, these are my personal notes of our formulas to you."

I waved off the Ostrich-horses as I accepted the notebook.

"Private notes of the abbess?" I muttered as I excitedly flipped through it, reading through it as fast as I could before I found my prize: XP.

Skill Level up: [Herbalism]! Lvl 9 -> Lvl 10
Herbalism Level 10 Reached - New Skill Perks Unlocked!

[Herbalism] Lvl 10 - Expert​
The skill that encompasses identifying, harvesting and processing natural ingredients to create consumables items of various applications. Some less legal than others.

At higher levels, [Herbalism] offers more than just vinegars for cuts and poultices for bruises. Potions, poisons, draughts and philters of every colour and every purpose.... You would be a potter where the entire living world would be your clay- molding flesh and vine to create pulsing wonders. Brewing complex tinctures that would make mortal flesh impenetrable to fire and steel, or to sprout entire forests from nothing but arid sands, or even allow death to be cheated in myriad ways. Because Life was always meant to be guided by one force or another, and yours would be the hands that gently- or not so gently- nudges it in whichever direction you so wish.

Level 5 - Apprentice Skill Perk​
Weed Secrets (Active): And the weed whisper 'ayy lmao' Three times a day, double your Intelligence and Spirit bonuses when identifying unknown mixtures or organic matter- as well as divining which consumables of [Common] quality and below can be made from them.​

Level 10 - Expert Skill Perk​
Medic! (Passive): Actual medical license not included. When you personally apply healing consumables which you have personally made to other entities, the treated wound heals at a faster rate. Scales with your [Herbalism] skill.​

+ R +​

A very welcome perk, and possibly one of the more valuable ones in the long run.

It did come at the caveat that I needed to apply the healing items myself for it to work, and that meant more of my precious time was being expended. But compared to the trouble of training replacement soldiers, this was well worth it. Managing troop casualties had always been top priority; because even with my [Trainer] skill, replacement soldiers for my 41st Division took weeks to train up from normal Fire Nation Infantry. This [Medic!] perk also means that the 41st Division could recover faster after each battle and allow us to attack again while our own enemies are still recovering. All in all, the strategic and tactical advantages granted by this perk were so versatile and powerful that it was game changing.

"You have what you want, O' Giant..." one of the younger nuns interrupted my thoughts with her pleading, "We beg of you, please leave us be. We are but a peaceful convent, and have seen too much war in so many days."

"No."

The notebook clapped shut in my large armoured hand.

"You joined this war the moment you aided a Water Tribe soldier and nursed him to health. Then you picked your side when you housed him as he coordinated with his allies to strike against the Fire Nation. Thanks to your actions, he has relayed information to his leader that they can strike with impunity at the Fire Nation's eastern fleets. Those Fire Nation sailors lost to sea are now partly your doing."

Gasps of shock flitted amongst the gathered nuns as they looked genuinely surprised by that information. I wasn't. The 'Let's help everyone' types were always blissfully unaware of the consequences of saving the wrong person at the wrong time. And now, they weren't good Samaritans, but actual collaborators behind enemy lines.

"... What will you do to us?" the same young nun murmured, fearful eyes looking up at me.

"I already placed a construction order for an abbey to be built for your convent at Yellow Palace, and you will be relocating your order there. This might be a world-shattering revelation to you, but you can actually live a religious isolationist lifestyle AND still be within an hour's walk from civilization. That access to infrastructure will allow you to actually eat well every day instead of depending on unreliable logistics due to your insistence to reside in the middle of nowhere. More importantly, it will also allow you to expand your perfume manufacturing operations."

"But-" the abbess tried to protest. I cut her off.

"I wasn't asking." My voice rumbled, as I swept my gaze at them through my skull-faced helmet, "You have until tomorrow morning to load up all your important relics and personal effects onto the caravans before my men burn this convent to the ground. Whether you are still inside when that occurs is completely up to you."

Seeing that I was serious, the nuns hurried away to gather their things, leaving just me and the abbess. She looked up to me, her wrinkled eyes curiously peering at the eye slits of my helmet as if taking my measure.

"I do not know if you are a cruel man for burning down our place of worship which has stood for so long, or a kind one for not only sparing people who have aided your enemies, but also readily supplying a new abbey."

"Yes, yes." I dismissed, "Hold your morals up against me and realise that I've outgrown such things."

"Hah!" The old woman let out a laugh before smiling wistfully, "But... I suppose you would be right in that, as is often the case with great men so much larger than life. We cannot thank you, not for this, O' Giant. But we will pray for you..."

"That reminds me. I have one more question to ask... Do you know this person?"

From my Inventory, I pulled out a rough drawing of June and her Shrishu that I had sketched from memory. And from the way the abbess' eyes lit up in recognition, I knew she did.

(An hour later)

The 41st Division began arriving soon after.

The division's standard operating procedure was to loot everything we could, but since the nuns were effectively VIPs to be escorted to Yellow Palace, I had them scouting and surveying the surrounding lands- noting down approaches and lines of retreat. The hard-learned wisdom of Chinggis in action once again. Nevertheless, it was straightforward enough to tell them to come back and burn the place down to the ground tomorrow noon, and to hire the few civilian merchants in tow to transport the nuns.

Luxury goods to trade were always a boon for any growing settlement, but the nuns' organic perfumes with their low production costs, small volume and high selling price made them the perfect export item. Moreover, they had the added benefit of already being well-known throughout the Four Nations. A nice expansive customer base all ready to be profited from. Earth Kingdom Command were fools to leave them unguarded... alongside all the other old ladies that I had sent to my town.

In the meantime, however...

"Khan, you have a letter." Our newest addition, Yor Briar, called my attention. Dressed in a red Fire Nation cloak and her face hidden in the shadows of her hood, she blended in with the rest of the 41st Division as her womanly frame approached me, her red eyes behind spectacles looking at me. This unstoppable assassin with speed and strength that matched or even surpassed mine, and I made her my secretary...

"It bore the seal of Fire Nation Command and arrived via falcon right after you left... urgent, but not mission critical. Fire Nation protocols dictate that you have about half a day more to respond for it to be considered to be a prompt reply."

... and she was surprisingly good at her job too. Or perhaps not too surprising since she was used to infiltrations. I wasn't particularly worried about her blabbing Fire Nation secrets. Her organisation likely had other infiltrators in better positions than just the secretary of an Infantry Division captain.

"Very well." I nodded, "Tell me the gist of it."

"Admiral Zhao of the 1st Fire Nation Armada is ordering you and the entire 41st Division to report to Pohuai Port where he awaits your arrival within a fortnight. He has information from the Fire Lord that must be relayed to you in person."

"Hmmm... in person? Possibly a promotion." I speculated. "Going from corporal to captain was certainly a small enough promotion to do by letter. But Captain to Commander might require a higher ranking officer to do it in person... or it could be something else entirely; it looks like we'll have to see for ourselves. How generous of him to give us two whole weeks- he must be underestimating our marching speed. And- is that perfume you're wearing?"

Her business-like demeanor evaporated as she blushed.

"Oh, you noticed that huh?" Yor murmured, red eyes looking at anywhere except me. "Suki and the others handed me a bottle earlier. It- it doesn't smell bad on me, does it?"

Sliding off my helmet, I leaned over her shoulder and activated [Weed Secrets] to identify whatever she was wearing.

(Uncommon) The Abbey's Rose prick Perfume
Ingredients: Rose de Mai, Northern Rose, Ba Sing Se Pepper.​

"It's excellent actually." I commented, "A graceful and elegant floral note, with a sharp prick of spice at the end. Evoking an image of a bouquet of roses, thorns and all. Fits a very beautiful and deadly assassin like you perfectly."

"B-beautiful?" She sputtered, eyes wide as her blush turned nuclear red, "Ah... thank you, that's... you're... uuuuuu...."

For saying that she smells nice and looks beautiful...
{Yor Briar} Reputation : 35 -> 38​

Yes, just butter her up, Khan. Don't fall for the moe girl act. She's a super assassin adept at manipulating people and had actually come close to killing me once already... I really should have watched the anime. I don't know enough of her character to know how to deal with her, and now I'm just picking the safe option every time because I am still uncertain how fragile our alliance was. A good Reputation with her could only help me in the long run; and by that, I mean perhaps she'll like me enough to not stab me in the back by the end of this.

"Where are Suki and the others? It's been an hour." I brought up, glancing up to the sky where the sun was climbing high.

"Um... I think they're still browsing fragrances?"

"Bah, women and their shopping. We have places to be..." I muttered before pointing at a random 41st soldier passing by, "You! Find the Kyoshi Warriors and tell them to report to me immediately."

"Yes, Captain!"

"Khan..." Yor muttered as she looked at me expectantly with those red eyes. "How soon can we get that tracker to find Anya?"

"Right now, actually." I readily informed her, the sound of rattling chains clinking out as I inspected my (Exquisite) [Steel Meteor Hammer] for the upcoming side trip, "The abbess said that our tracking specialist we need was actually here yesterday, and gave us her general direction."

That revelation made her raise a graceful eyebrow in surprise.

"This is progressing a lot faster than I thought it would." Yor murmured, "Wait... so, we have actually been looking for this specialist all this time?"

"Yes." I nodded, "Remember that fortune teller at Makapu village? The herbalist in the Taku ruins? And now the Mother Superior of this abbey? Our tracker has been to those locations and talked to those people recently. We'll find her soon."

"I didn't expect you to be so dedicated, but..." Yor smiled brightly. "Thank you! I appreciate it!"

For actively keeping your promise...
{Yor Briar} Reputation : 38 -> 48​

It was then that Suki and the Kyoshi Warriors arrived- their Ostrich-Horses galloping closer before stopping in a neat line in front of us. With painted faces and armoured green kimonos, they crisply saluted in unison.

"What do you need of us, Khan?" Suki asked, and her sisters added.

"Yeah, we can stay for a little while longer and pick out some scents."

"Not to mention one of those abbey sisters looked like she wanted to get on her knees and start worshipping you."

"She wished that she could do a better job than we do."

"But seriously, Khan, you can get a lot of leverage gifting the right perfumes to the right military spouses."

"Yeah, they're really good."

"I'll keep that in mind, but right now, we're moving out." my deep voice rumbled out the command. "The abbess has supplied us with the general location of that tracker. But we need to act on this information fast because our target is on a fast mount herself and could leave at any time."

"Wait! I'm coming along!" Yor called out just as we turned to leave. Her slender frame sitting atop an Ostrich-Horse mount as she caught up to us.

"But aren't you supposed to be in hiding?" asked Suki.

Yor's red eyes just hardened into twin shards of ruby, "This tracker is our best hope for finding my daughter, I must be an active part of this."

"I'll be commanding everyone's attention anyway." I said- throwing on a heavy brown cloak to hide the Fire Nation colours of my armour, "Let's move. I'll brief you on the way there."

"Understood." Suki nodded, her red hair bobbing before she looked over to her sisters. "As One!"

"As one!"

(Later)

We rode westwards for most of the afternoon, as if trying to beat the setting sun to the horizon.

Over grassy hills, across burbling brooks and through sleepy forests... the wild untamed lands of the world of Avatar passed us by. More scenic than the badlands and towering mountain ranges of western Earth Kingdom, the northwest was more lush in its greenery and its wildlife. Birds sang as they flew overhead, and a plethora of hybrid creatures stared at us from the foliage... the 41st Division wasn't going to go hungry if we ever took this route. Such a rich land to forage and plunder if not for the fact that this was technically Fire Nation occupied territories. So, we simply rode on by as we made our way to our destination.

Well, the ladies rode. I ran alongside them.

[Lvl 2] Power Move (Passive): You don't 'run.' You kick the ground until it takes you where you want to go. On top of your Dexterity, add (50%) Strength to your running speed and jumping height.

[Lvl 2] Relentless (Passive): Be the Party Animal as told in the legends. You no longer require sleep, and all physical fatigue gain is now reduced by (50%).​

Through a combination of perks alongside my sizable Constitution stat, I was able to easily stride apace the Ostrich-horses. Eventually, just as the sun touched the horizon, we reached our destination: A large three-story-tall structure of wood and brick nestled on the riverside. It would have been a grand structure if not for how run down it looked: Boarded up windows, gaping holes in the wooden walls and the drunks currently puking or pissing against its exterior walls.

"That's a bar and inn?" Suki puzzled as she laid blue eyes on it. "It's almost as large as your Immigration centre back in Yellow Palace, and definitely larger than anything we have on Kyoshi Island!"

"I don't think that comparison is fair when it's being puked on at the moment, Suki."

"Yeah, I can almost smell the vomit and booze from here."

"You gotta wonder who would build a bar that big only to just let it fall to ruin."

"It must have been the summer home of some Earth Kingdom noble before being abandoned." I explained to the Kyoshi Warriors, "You see a lot of these around. From what I recall from those architectural books I used to design Yellow Palace, this was built around 85-75 years ago... back when the initial major counterattacks of Earth Kingdom proved successful, and Earth Kingdom nobles were fighting each other over reclaimed lands. The impatient fools."

"Khan... that big animal bandaged up and sleeping in the stable beside the inn?" Suki pointed out, "That's the Shirshu, right?"

"So, this 'June' mercenary must definitely be inside." Yor observed.

"Yes." I confirmed with a nod- putting up my cloak's hood to cover my helmet and turning to look at the Kyoshi Warriors, "Ladies, are you clear on the plan?"

"We'll scale up to the roof, sneak in through the windows and keep to the shadows of the rafters." Suki recited as she handed out cans of Red Bull to the Kyoshi Warriors, "If trouble starts, we drop down and start separating heads from shoulders while you grab the mercenary."

"And I'll come with you." Yor continued- also pulling up her cloak's hood, "And if trouble starts... I kill everyone inside."

"And remember, we need her expertise: We need her alive."

Nods all around, everyone on the same page, we made our move. The Kyoshi Warriors burst into a sprint- dashing quietly through the trees. Meanwhile, Yor and I casually just walked up to the front door. Just two figures in cloaks, one of a slender woman and the other of a giant. On our own, we would have raised eyebrows. Together, we garnered stares. But while everyone was staring at our approach, the Kyoshi Warriors scaled the walls unseen and slipped through the windows.

With girls in position, I pushed open the wooden front door and walked into a real hive of scum and villainy. Sour-faced old men cradling their drinks, mercenary outfits huddled together in the corners with their matching uniforms and...

... every eyeball in the rickety bar was suddenly aimed in my direction. As well as a few crossbows.

As if some poisoned crossbows were enough to scare me. More important than the minor threat however was our target was in sight and sitting at the table in the centre of the inn. A thin woman dressed in red and black riding leathers, long raven black hair tied in a topknot by a skull hair tie, and coal black eyes staring at us as she swirled a wooden mug in a slender hand. Yor and I fearlessly walked over to her, and crossbow trigger fingers tensed over so slightly.

"Two new arrivals just the day after me an angry boy parted ways...Let me guess he sent you?" June asked- subtly shifting her body towards what I assumed was a weapon underneath the table.

"No, he didn't." I answered- pulling back my hood to reveal my skull-faced helmet. Some of the men took a step back in fear. They knew what I did to my enemies. After all, I actively made it a goal to cultivate such an aura of ruthlessness and invincibility. Everytime someone thought that Khan the Giant wasn't one you wanted to fight and simply ran away, that won me a small victory without ever lifting a finger.

"A giant with the skull helm... the Fire Nation Giant himself, of course." June groaned to herself. Her slender body shifted again, hand off the weapon and brought it up to rub her temples instead, "I guess it was too much to hope that it was some kids sitting on each others' shoulders in a cloak... Put those crossbows down, boys, you won't so much as tickle him with those crossbows."

Her hired goons complied, and the conversation was a lot less tense now without weapons being pointed. But they still didn't disperse, simply watching us talk.

"If Angry Boy didn't set you up for this then why are you here?" June asked- staring at me, "Am I wanted by the Fire Nation now?"

"As far as I'm concerned? No, you're not." I answered, "I'm looking to hire you."

"Not interested." she immediately dismissed- taking a gulp from her drink, "I have a new policy now: No Fire Nation gigs. You're never good for your gold."

"Ah." My voice rumbled in understanding, "Zuko was so angry about his quarry slipping away that he didn't pay you."

"Mhm, just stomped away like a kid in a tantrum. His Uncle Lazy was nice, but not forthcoming with anything... monetary."

"I'm not him. Because I actually know how to speak your language."

"Oh, really?" She hummed, her voice going low and husky as she leaned closer and emphasized the swell of her breasts in those tight black leathers, "Talk dirty to me then, big guy."

From my Inventory, I pulled out a small chest the size of a toolbox- royal blue and lined with polished brass- and placed it on the wooden table. And with an almost casual gesture, I flipped it open to show the glittering stack of golden yuanbao, little boat-shaped ingots of gold. The hungry mutterings of greed from the crowd rose so suddenly that I almost signalled for the Kyoshi Warriors to start opening throats. Meanwhile, June's dark eyes widened ever so slightly- a slender finger picking up a yuanbao before stroking it with her thumb to feel the gold.

I had her attention before, but now I had her interest.

"Half now, half once we have our target." I offered. Doing business in the open and in plain sight... not ideal, but I needed June feeling at ease instead of feeling cornered. The hunt for Yor's daughter may take a few weeks, maybe a whole month. Having her willingly take this job was ideal, and a well-paid mercenary was a productive mercenary who was also less likely to desert.

"Hmmm.... Forget it, it isn't worth the headache." She said- flinging the gold piece back to the chest like a booger.

"I see..." I muttered in faux sorrow as I hid the chest back under my cloak, and that's when I knew that I had her. Because despite her apparent disinterest, her black eyes widened almost imperceptibly at all that money disappearing from view. She was definitely interested in taking the job- we were only haggling on the price for her services.

"Would this alleviate the headache?" I asked innocently as I put the chest back on the table with its twin sister in tow, just as heavy from golden yuanbaos.

June's eyes lit up again while the people around us whimpered at the sight. The gold reflecting light onto their awed and drooling faces.

"Well now... who are you searching for that's worth so much money...?" June wondered- tearing her eyes from the beautiful sight to smile a sly smile at me. "Double it again."

"Unfortunately for you, that's all I have on me." I lied, and I knew that we were moving on to the discussion of what services she'd be willing to provide.

"Well, that's too ba-"

Yor exploded into movement. Within a fraction of a breath, the thick wooden table suddenly creaked as June's face was slammed onto its surface, and a lustrous brass-plated stiletto knife hovered over her eyeball. Yor's blood red eyes almost glowed as she looked down on the mercenary.

"We're searching for my daughter." She growled like a vengeful demon- inching that dagger tip closer to June's eye, almost scratching the surface, "And you are going to help."

"No! Don't-" I tried to calm her down, but the panic in the room was already rising as the people seemed to recognise who Yor was.

"You! You're the Thorn Princess?!" June squealed in fear as she recognised Yor as well- her hands trying in vain to budge Yor's stony grasp of certain death, "Wait! I'll help! I'll even do it for free! Giant, help! Call her off!"

The name 'Thorn Princess' seemed to be incredibly infamous in the criminal underworld, because the mercs that were supposed to be protecting June just began backing away. Their eyes wide in fear and awe at the legendary assassin. But I had other things to worry about... Because assaulting June was the signal. The Kyoshi Warriors dropped down in a circle around me and Yor. Their razor sharp [Relic]-quality Katanas gleaming under the torchlight, and painted faces peering over opened war fans. The crowd around us almost stumbled back at their unexpected appearance- leaving themselves wide open for attack.

"Sisters..." Suki's voice was low and threatening, "AS ON-"

"Stop! No separating heads from shoulders!" I bellowed, a bit too slowly. And the [As One!] perk was likely the only reason why the other mercs surrounding us didn't lose their heads. Meanwhile, the Kyoshi Warriors just groaned in disappointment.

"Aww... but our entrance was sooo cool, and I even did the voice!"

"Can someone please do something stupid? Please? Anyone?"

"..."

"This is lame."

"So lame. I wanted to get the high score this time."

"Nuh-uh, I was going to get the high score."

"Pfft. Not with that entrance pose... Crane Stance, really?"

"Hey! It's good to revisit the classics every once in a while!"​

"Kyoshi Warriors, escort June here to her Shirshu." I sighed, "I have to speak with the Thorn Princess privately."

I placed a hand on Yor's shoulder. She continued to stare down at June for a little longer before complying- taking her stiletto knife away from the merc's face before following me. We headed for the door while the Kyoshi Warriors helped June up to her feet and through the door leading to the stables. The moon was up as Yor and I exited the premises. I still needed her help to remove my [Marked for Death] perk, but she wasn't making it easy.

"I know it wasn't part of the plan..." Yor preempted with a frown, "But she wasn't agreeing. I had to make her agree!"

"She already agreed. What you heard was us haggling in double-speak." I told her, "And now, we're on a time limit. We'll need to move quickly, because the Garden will no doubt hear of this incident soon."

"W-w-w-whaaaat? She was?!" Yor cried out, as she grabbed my cloak and looked up at me with shocked red eyes. I merely sighed in exasperation. Her acting like an airhead was truly impeccable. I don't know what her angle was deliberately making finding her child harder... If it was even her child. Oh well, I needed her help with erasing the [Marked for Death] perk either way, and there was nothing I could do but play along.

"Yes."

"Oh...I'm sorry." She wilted- her pink lips tightened to a thin line, " It's just... whenever it comes to Anya, I just get so worried and I- mmmm..."

"We'll continue forward and find her." I reassured her just as the Kyoshi Warriors walked up with June and her Shirshu in tow. The mercenary bearing the hesitant posture and expression of a prisoner of war. Not good.

"I'll help you track whoever you need." She spoke in a subdued tone, bowing her head.

Companion acquired: June
* Raise Reputation with June to unlock the recruitment of {Shirshu Trackers}. *

+ R +​

"Don't look so glum." I said to her before I took out that blue chest, dropped half of the gleaming Yuanbaos into a cloth purse and tossed it to her. She caught it with a look of surprise as I looked her in the eye. "As offered, half now and half when we find her."

A thoughtful look passed her features as she appreciated the weight of the gold in her hand, "I guess we have a deal. Not like I can refuse anymore, but I'll admit this is better than getting nothing... You're not half bad, Giant."

"Hah!" My deep voice loosed a bark of laughter. "Impress me with your proficiency and maybe I'll toss in the second chest as a job well done."

Lips painted dark red quirked in an amused smirk as she eyed me. "Deal."

For paying for her services fairly...
{June} Reputation : -10 -> 15

+ R +​

From my Inventory, I pulled out Anya's hairpieces and handed them to the bounty hunter. "I believe you require something that the target held or wore?"

"Yes, these'll do the job." June said, accepting the little hair cones and holding them up to her great mount's flared nose. It sniffed at it in quick succession, before whipping its head this way and that trying to catch the scent, and before finally tilted its head up high and sniffed the air.

"Oh no..." She groaned.

"What? Is something wrong with your Shirshu?" Suki asked.

"Nothing wrong with my Shirshu." June sighed- rubbing her temples, "That's just what Nyla does when the scent reaches across an ocean, and the only thing West of here is..."

"The Fire Nation homeland." I finished for her. One of the Kyoshi Warriors let out a long, low whistle.

"Are Fire Nation soldiers allowed to go home just like that, Khan?"

"I don't think I've ever heard of Fire Nation soldiers just going back home."

"That would have been very welcome, but..."

"Always felt like they live here in the Earth Kingdom now."

"Yeah. Same here. I think we've seen some Fire Nation soldiers grow old here."​

However, that wasn't the problem for me. This was only a distraction from my main goal.

Quest:
THE JOURNEY FOR INTELLIGENCE

Main Objective: Impress {Wan Shi Tong} with (614/100) books for his library.
Reward: Removal of the [Dull Mind] perk

Optional Objective: Impress {Wan Shi Tong} with (11.2/20) books you authored yourself
Reward: [Able Mind]

+ R +
​
I thought it over, staring at the abbess' personal notebook on their organic perfume mixing operations.

I had more than enough books and almost enough self-authored books to take to Wan Shi Tong now. I may have cheated a bit by authoring two cookbooks, but since they were obscure knowledge of dying traditional recipes, I'm certain a bookworm like Wan will appreciate them all the same. Regardless of the quality of the books' contents, I should be heading back to Yellow Palace down south and preparing to make excursions into the Si Wong desert. The library still had to be found after all, it wasn't something that you can casually ask directions for.

No... now that I think about it. Actually, there was one person who I could ask about its location: Admiral Zhao.

If I recall correctly, I was in the point of the timeline where the admiral should be beginning to organise the invasion fleet for the Northern water Tribe. Of which, I'd no doubt be recruited to participate in, so I'll likely be summoned back to the homeland anyway.

Was this fate?

Yor's daughter Anya, the mustering armada for the Northern Water Tribe siege, Admiral Zhao's knowledge of the Spirit Library's Location... All my roads seem to lead back to the Fire Islands.

"We're going to the Fire Islands." I announced it to the group.

Reputation & Obedience check succeeded!
100/75 Reputation Required with {Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors}
100/100 Obedience Required with {Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors}​

"Wait till the girls back home hear about this." Suki murmured. "We're going to be the first Kyoshi Warriors to set foot on the Fire Islands in more than a hundred years..."

"Yes." my deep voice agreed, "Let's do our best not to stand out, we don't want things getting... interesting."

============================================================================
(Meanwhile) [Fire Lord Ozai's Palace]

"A truly interesting proposal... However, is this truly the time for this, Azula?"

Her father's impatient and demanding growl struck fear in her. Kneeling on the floor, Azula actually felt sweat drip down the side of face- tracing her slender jawline before dropping to the wooden floor of the War Council Chamber.

She had been... grounded for lack of a better term. When once she would have been able to leave with impunity the palace pursue her own agendas, she had been cooped up in the palace all this time by order of her own father. And the palace guards rightfully feared her father more than her. Like some lowly peasant girl stuck doing chores around the home while she's grounded, she too had been stuck with the inglorious tedium of handling internal affairs until she regained her father's trust. But now...

...Now was her chance!

Azula licked her dry lips as she bowed her head lower and spoke up.

"With all the heroes of the Fire Nation already gathering for the impending invasion of the Northern Water Tribe. With the whole of the Fire Nation still basking in your flawless victory at Omashu. With your enemies still reeling from the mighty blows your armies have dealt. This is the perfect time for a grand military parade, my Firelord!"

This was her plan to get back on her father's good graces... and further her own military accomplishments in the process.

"You speak the truth..." Her father considered- staring down at her from behind the curtain of flames. "The opportunity is present, but are the benefits worth this... distraction?"

"Yes, my Firelord!" Azula eagerly replied. "A rousing display will galvanise the nation. Turn the sparks of victory into a raging fire of support for you! We will squeeze every ounce of effort from the peasants, and grant you more resources to prepare for the inevitable assault on Ba Sing Se. Army recruitment, light and heavy industry productions... They will all see a rise as everyone is inspired to toil harder. One great push towards your inevitable victory at Ba Sing Se!"

"Very well... You have one chance, Azula. Do not fail me."

"I will not, Father."

Her father's anger for her flub was still raging, and there was nothing she could say that could change his mind. But therein lies the beauty of her plan.

She can't change his mind, but she had been to enough War Council meetings to know that Firelord Ozai still listens to high ranking officers who have value in his eyes. Gather them up in one place and extract enough glowing recommendations from them, and her father will do more than just unground her. He'll place her at the head of the armada to take the Northern Water Tribe before anyone knows it. An entire nation to fall... Now, that was a much greater military accomplishment than just Omashu.

And who better to present to lead the parade of gushing testimonials of her than the man of the hour, Commander Khan himself?

She'll wrap him around her little finger, then bring him before her father... Her not-so-little sockpuppet to speak through.

'Giant... you will make for a nice tall stepping stone for me.'​

[A few kilometres northwest of Port Pohuai]

For making her look forward to meeting you...
{Azula} Reputation : -50 -> -45​

I'll be honest. That's even more worrying...

AN:

From this chapter onwards, I'll explicitly indicate... in the ANs during which episode of the series a chapter happens. For the sake of clarity. For example...

This chapter occurs over the course of two episodes... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 15 - Bato of the Water Tribe) and (ATLA Book 1, Episode 16 - The Deserter). Both of which take place after (The Fortuneteller) and right before (The Northern Air Temple).

If this was a Mount and Blade campaign... Zuko would be the high honour, low renown claimant who is useless in wartime, Zhao would be low honour, high renown vassal who had somehow managed to butter up all the right people to become marshall... and Khan would be the amoral calculating murderhobo MC that every MnB veteran plays as.

Yor's perfume is Tom Ford's Rose Prick... Rose de Mai, Bulgarian Rose, Sichuan Pepper. One of my friends is a fragrance nut.
Last edited: May 13, 2023
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Ghjikl, Gulski, r1516 and 1,738 others
Infonticus
May 13, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 9: The Power the Avatar Knows Not
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Jun 1, 2023
Add bookmark
#1,364
Chapter 9: The Power the Avatar Knows Not

Disclaimer: Do NOT attempt with Red Bull what you read in this chapter.

[Somewhere in the Western Earth Kingdom]

"It's really helpful of the Fire Nation to put up these notice boards at every crossroads." Katara smiled as they all looked over the various posters pinned on the lonely notice board in the middle of the forested dirt road

"See if you can find a menu, I'm starving!" Sokka cried out as he emptied the last crumbs of their pouch of biscuits into his mouth.

"Look at this one!" Aang grinned as one colourful poster caught his eye, "The Fire Days Festival. Fire Nation cultural exhibits, jugglers, benders, magicians... This would be a great place for me to study some real firebenders. And look, Sokka! 'The Fire Days Festival Organisers would like to personally convey their gratitude to Captain Khan and the 41st Division for their generous contribution to the Fire Days Festival Midnight Feast. All colonial visitors are entitled and heartily encouraged to try out free samples of traditional Fire Nation cuisine!'"

"Free samples?!" Sokka breathed in wonder... and drool, "Now, that's the only thing from the Fire Nation that I wish there was more of!"

"Now, hold on..." Katara muttered- snatching the poster from Aang's hands and squinting suspiciously at the text, "'Captain Khan'? Isn't that the 'Giant' that Zuko said was doing all those horrible things? If it's anything like those rumours, I think we should keep as far away as we can from the festival."

"You believe those rumours?" Her brother dismissed with a scoff. "The Fire Nation doing the usual bad fire nation things- that's not surprising. But a ten-foot-tall, skull-faced, firebending giant that shoots fire from his eyes while leading an army of Kyoshi warriors and vengeful spirit-demons from the underworld riding flesh-eating ostrich-horses? All that on top of being widely–known to be secretly the Fire Nation prince? Katara, you got to admit that the rumours are getting pretty out there. And I mean reaaally out there."

Oh, she didn't hear about those rumours... then what Sokka just said registered with her.

"Wait, Kyoshi Warriors?" She furrowed her eyebrows- recalling that island village they visited early on in their journey. "The same Kyoshi Warriors who fought Fire Nation soldiers in the middle of their burning village? I think the rumours are definitely getting things mixed up."

"Yes, thank you!" Sokka cried out, "That's exactly what I said too, but I guess some people just believe everything they hear!"

Katara just looked away- feeling a bit attacked by that as she murmured her reply, "Okay. So the rumours are mostly hoaxes... but I still think we shouldn't mingle in a Fire Nation festival. We should keep moving."

"Katara..." Aang pleaded- his grey eyes looking straight into hers, "I have to learn firebending at some point and this could be my only chance to watch a master's up close!"

"And this might be our last chance to stock up on supplies." Sokka added, "My map says that it's going to be almost a whole day before we come across another village!"

"Oh, alright." Katara sighed in surrender, "We'll wear disguises and if it looks like trouble, we'll leave."

"Yep, we'll leave as soon as we see anyone who is even 7-feet-tall!" Aang laughed reassuringly, and Sokka joined in.

"Or if we come across an evil Kyoshi Warrior working for the Fire Nation!" Her brother laughed as they all began to make their way towards the Fire Days Festival. "Oh, this is going to be a funny story to tell the next time we visit Kyoshi Island. Do you think Suki's gonna find it funny or infuriating to hear the rumours about Kyoshi Warriors working for a scary evil Fire Nation giant? I betcha that it's just some tall, skinny guy that they call a giant for propaganda."

"Or maybe he's a guy on stilts!" Aang suggested with a grin, "Like the Flying Koi Travelling Carnival! They wear funny and colourful clothes, and hats with bells that tinkle whenever they move. They're so tall that they just step over the crowds!"

"Well Katara, looks like the Earth Kingdom has their own giants!" Sokka slapped his knee in laughter, "Maybe one of them even shoots fire out of his eyes too!"

Looking at them with their infectious smiles, Katara couldn't help but smile along too. Hearing all those awful rumours, it painted this terrifying image in her head. A great dangerous shadow looming over the horizon. But she knew when to admit that she was wrong. She knew when to roll with the joke. She was fun too!

"Now I just feel silly worrying about over-exaggerated rumours." Katara laughed with a shake of her head. "A Fire Nation army of flesh-eating ostrich-horses led by a firebending skull-faced giant... Like, come on!"

They all laughed.

============================================================================
(Later) [Fire Nation Pohuai Port]

"Raise our banners high." My deep voice rumbled out from my skull helm and to the army behind me, "Let them know that the 41st Division rejoins the main force of the 3rd Fire Nation Army at long last."

As instructed, the red and black banners of the 41st Division fluttered in the ocean breeze as we arrived at the Fire Nation bastion, Pohuai Port. The magnitude of the Fire Nation war machine was made apparent in this place, illuminated as it was by the light of the rising dawn sun. A vast field of great red tents furnished thousands troops with semi-permanent dwellings, the storage yards full of wooden containers stacked higher than houses supplied thousands more across the advancing frontlines, and finally... Two dozen Fire Nation cruisers- great metal behemoths that have dominated the seas for a hundred years- were moored here at port, ready to make metric tons of flaming rock fall from the sky.

And now, we have arrived as well: The 41st Division.

Full platoons of {Ostrich-Horse Veteran Scouts} proudly rode on monstrous ostrich-horses, their helmets decorated with a plume of ostrich-horse feathers. Squads of well-trained {Fire Nation Raiders} guarded wagons laden with our loot and supplies as they rumbled along. And marching at the head of it all were my {Kyoshi Warrior Honor Guard}, my companions and myself. But more than just our appearance, our reputation preceded us as well. Our fellow Fire Nation soldiers looked up from their campfires and peeked from their tents to stare at us with awe and fear; their hushed whispers and mutterings inevitably following us as we passed by.

"Is... is that the Giant and the Horde?"

"He's as tall as the rumours say... I thought they were an exaggeration."

"The Firelord's elite unit... back in basic, the 41st Division was the dumping ground for the weak and feeble, but now..."

"Look at their gear... why do they get all the good stuff?"

"Those are the biggest, angriest looking Ostrich-horses I've ever seen."

"The girls in green... are those the Kyoshi Warrior defectors?"

"The Earth Kingdom's greatest warriors... on our side. We really are winning this war."​

The legend of the 41st has grown with each Earth Kingdom settlement we razed and each earth Kingdom battalion that lay dead in our wake- their bones picked clean by our Ostrich-Horses. And now, even Fire Nation Command was going to reward me for my efforts.

For confirming the rumours of your stature and prowess among your fellow soldiers...
{Fire Nation} Reputation : 69 -> 71

+ R +​

"So~" Suki began, the redheaded Kyoshi Warrior's voice was lyrical with curiosity as she rode up beside me, "It's going to be Commander Khan, huh? How does this work? Are you going to be in charge of an entire army?"

"That's certainly an option." My skull-faced helmet nodded, "I could command an entire corps of thousands of soldiers and komodo-rhinos and tundra tanks. However... What we have is currently working for us, a small elite unit. Instead, I'd rather have a small fleet of merchant marine ships at my beck and call. The ability to move supplies by sea and by the tonnes instead of by caravan will be invaluable for more remote places where we can't forage as much."

"Wait... a navy fleet? But aren't you a Fire Nation Army Captain?"

"The lines between the two branches blur as one reaches the higher ranks of the Fire Nation military." I shrugged- my spiked steel armour clacking from the motion, "If I recall correctly, Admiral Zhao managed to strong-arm an army colonel into handing him command of the Yuyuan Archers- Fire Nation Special Forces that have traditionally been the army's purview for over four hundred years. If he can do that, I'm sure I can get away with bossing around some non-combat vessels under the excuse of supplying a land-based offensive."

"But being sneaky with military... errr... rules like that, aren't you going to get in trouble?"

"It's practically military tradition at this point to find ways to circumvent regulations." I laughed, "Firelord Azulon's reforms may have introduced a suffocating level of bureaucracy. But military officers will always keep finding ways to work around them. And with my impending commander rank, I'll be able to make such funny patterns with the chain of command. But I will admit... when playing fast and loose with authority like this, it's always good to have friends who are higher up."

"So, we have to get friendly with this admiral, huh?" Suki sniffed- clearly not liking being friendly with other Fire Nation officers.

"Yes, and he's the one supplying our ride to the Fire Islands." I admonished, "And also the only one who knows the location of a library I wish to visit. So, play nice, Suki."

"I can do that, I guess. But it does look like someone's compensating..." She muttered, looking up to the collection of lavish tents atop the hill overlooking the rest of the base... which was naturally where the officer tents were. Leaving behind the rest of the 41st, Suki and the Kyoshi Warriors followed me up to the biggest and most lavishly decorated red tent.

Four {Firebender Veterans} in brass-gilded red armour stood guard by the entrance, eyeing us as my heavily-armoured seven-foot-frame approached them.

"Identify yourself, soldier." the lead guard demanded. But from his tone, he already knew who I was and was just going through formalities. I gave a quick salute.

"Captain Khan of the 41st Infantry Division, answering Admiral Zhao's summons." My voice rumbled like crumbling rocks.

"You arrived ten days earlier than expected, captain." The same guard saluted back, "The admiral is currently away on a surprise inspection of the Fire Days Festival."

"Fire Days Festival?" Suki parroted.

"Yes, ma'am." the guard confirmed, his eyes flicking towards Suki momentarily, "It's an annual weekend holiday that celebrates Fire Nation culture with attractions from the homeland and gives the colonials a taste of home. Very popular out here in the colonies."

"They're the ones we handed those excess perishable goods to." I reminded Suki. Which also reminded me that I'll need to do a quest to increase my inventory space. I can only store so much gear and perishable [Herbalism] ingredients in it before it gets full after all.

Suki's blue eyes widened as she apparently remembered.

"Oh, the Fire Nation colonials! Now I remember!" she agreed, before her eyes rested on me, "Just your luck that the officer in charge of your promotion is off on a vacation, aye Khan?"

The guard coughed, "I'm sure he'll be back soon, sir. The admiral left before dawn on riverboats."

"Riverboats? I think I know where this is..." I thought aloud, finally recalling where on the ATLA timeline this was now.

Admiral Zhao leaving on river boats was what clued me in: This was the episode where he's acting as the villain of the week for the Gaang. At the moment, they should be with Jeong-Jeong, Admiral Zhao's old firebending master, who would be giving Aang a cursory lesson in Firebending right now. And soon, Zhao was going to arrive to get outsmarted by the young Airbender and have his ride home wrecked. Recalling the geography, I estimate that it would be at least three days before Zhao completes his sad walk of shame back here.

"It would seem that we'll have to sit and wait until he retur-"

"Khan?" Yor called out- the raven-haired assassin-turned-secretary jogging up the hill in her heavy red cloak. "A very urgent message arrived via messenger hawk. It has been indicated to be for your eyes only."

I considered the weatherproof leather scroll case she handed to me, gilded as it was with brass flames. Very gaudy and very official, indeed. Screwing off the top and unfurling the scroll inside, I was greeted with painfully precise penmanship set on fine parchment. A faint fragrance of spicy incense wafting from the paper.

Azula...

= F =​

Dear Commander Khan of the 41st Infantry Division,

Rejoice, loyal Fire Nation citizen! In our Fire Lord's limitless wisdom and matchless generosity, He has commanded that the Great War's 99th commemoration is to be lauded with the grandest military parade in the last 50 years. And for your undeniable military achievements and unquestionable loyalty to the Fire Nation, you and your entire division are given the unparalleled honour of receiving this personal invitation from the Throne of the Fire Lord itself to march in the parade.

Your unit will be held up as exemplars to inspire other loyal citizens to strive in their own service to Fire Lord and Fire Nation. Truly, this is a great honour for a relatively new recruit such as yourself!

Participation is mandatory.

You are hereby ordered to report to the Royal Plaza in Imperial City post haste. The precise logistics of your division's redeployment shall be handled by your army's navy attache who has no doubt been informed of this development as well.

Very Respectfully,

Azula
Crown Princess of the Fire Nation, Heir Apparent for Royal Throne of the Fire Lord, Chief Organizer of the Great War Commemorations

P.S. In the unfortunate event that this particular information has not yet been relayed to you, let it be known that you have been promoted to the rank of Commander. And- at the time of writing- your official file held within the Fire Nation National Archives and Records already reflect this advancement in grade. You may thank your crown princess in person for this expedience.

= F =
​

My armoured fists clenched on the parchment.

"We do not need this diversion now!" I growled- steam escaping between my skull helm's steel teeth and making the guards tense.

The original plan was to take only the essential companions on a quick cruise to find the assassin's daughter. Yor, because it's her daughter. June, because she's the tracker. And the Kyoshi warriors, because they were tactically versatile. Meanwhile, the rest of the 41st Division was supposed to stay behind here on the Earth Kingdom continent until we regrouped for the Siege of the Northern Water Tribe. So, I don't know what Azula was planning, but I can't refuse her royal order. Not as I was now, no. My allies were still too few and my might was not so great. I dare not disobey a direct order from the Crown... Or can I?

However, before I could seriously consider that course of action, a window from the Gamer System popped up for me and only me to see.

New Quest:
A HERO'S TRIUMPHANT HOMECOMING

Main Objective: Arrive at the Imperial Capital within (10) Days
Secondary Objective: Have at least 75 {Fire Nation} Reputation upon arrival

Rewards:
Large bonus exp
Large Reputation increase with the {Azula}

Secondary Rewards:
Perk Point x2
Large Reputation increase with the {Firelord Ozai}
[Fire Nation War Hero] You're like a rockstar, but with war crimes! All entities with loyalties or sympathies for the Fire Nation start with +15 more Reputation; and +50% to Reputation and Affection gains with them. Stacks additively with [Siren's Voice]

+ R +​

"Is something wrong?" Suki asked- concerned over my sudden silence.

"Nothing." I answered- rolling up the scroll, "I just changed my mind: We can't afford to slow down now."

Two whole perk points... I've been practically starved of them. With the XP required to level up increasing with each level, the past ten days or so have been slow going in terms of power-levelling. This quest was exactly what I needed: Generous with its quest rewards, feasible with my current level, and most of all, located precisely where I was heading anyway. I'd be a fool to pass up on this quest. From here at Pohuai Port, it was about a 10 day sail to the Fire Islands... which meant that we needed to leave within the next twenty-four hours.

I glanced up at the mid-morning sky then down to my shapely secretary/assassin, her blood red eyes peering from underneath the cowl of her red cloak.

"Do you need something else?" Yor's soft voice asked.

"Yes, I need you to find out how many ships we'll need to transport the entirety of the 41st to the Fire Islands. I want us to leave for the Fire Islands by dawn tomorrow!"

Her red eyes widened in surprise before she beamed a wide smile at me, "Yes, Khan!"

For being so eager to help her...
{Yor Briar} Reputation : 48 -> 55

+ R +​

Technically, true, I'm sure her child was being held in one of the major towns anyway. Not that big of a detour. I watched Yor run off to collect the numbers from the various officers and quartermasters of the 41st. Speaking of which...

"Lieutenant!" I yelled as I marched down the hill, "Go requisition some riverboats. You and a squad of cavalry scouts will be accompanying me heading up the river to ensure the Admiral gets back here in one piece!"

"Yes, Captain Khan!" the heavily-armoured firebender saluted back- her feathered helmet whipping as she barked at a squad of {Ostrich-Horse Veteran Scouts}. "1st Cavalry Scout squad! You heard the Captain: We're escorting the local admiral on a river cruise back to base!"

I watched them promptly trot off before looking over June, the leather-clad goth merc leaning against her Shirshu and looking at me expectantly.

"June, you're coming with us. Your Shirshu will ensure we find Admiral Zhao."

"That's a lot of trust you have for her, Khan..." Suki said narrowed her red-painted eyes at the merc.

I laughed, "Do you really think she'll cross both 'The Giant of the Fire Nation' and 'The Thorn Princess.' All for half a chest of gold?"

"Well..." Suki muttered- looking away. "When you put it that way-"

"She'd do it for eight chests of gold." I finished, and Suki sputtered while June snorted in amusement.

"I'd do it for ten actually, and not one yuanbao less." The raven-haired merc said- laying her steel grey eyes on me. "Speaking of money... you're not paying me to find an admiral."

"Really? A shame that you're not showing initiative." I stared at her, "It might hurt your chances of getting that bonus..."

Rather than being offended, June just barked out a laugh of amusement.

It's not everyday I run into a Fire Nation officer who understands how mercenaries work." She shrugged, "If more of them were like you, the war would have been over 70 years ago..."

I rolled my eyes, "The sooner the admiral is back, the sooner we can have ships ferry us to Imperial City. I'll even toss an extra yuanbao your way if we reach the admiral faster because of you."

"Heh. Aye, aye. Captain. We'll wait for you down at the docks." she saluted with a cocky smile. Hopping onto her massive Shirshu mount, she cracked her whip once. The giant anteater-wolf-mole sniffed at the admiral's tent a few times to get his scent before it bounded off after the scouts.

For continuing to be an agreeable employer who gets her...
{June} Reputation : 15 -> 20

+ R +​

Good, this will handle the main objective of the quest. With luck, the entire division will be prepped to leave by dawn. Now, time to handle the Secondary Objective that held the bulk of the rewards. And that was to acquire...

{Fire Nation} Reputation : 71

+ R +​

... 4 Reputation points in three days. It was a more challenging feat than it sounds: I've been handing out trinkets and free food to every Fire Nation colonial village we visited for weeks on end; and yet, that has only bought me 8 points of Reputation. Now, I only had three days to replicate at least two weeks' worth of goodwill... and I was out of colonial villages to donate almost spoiling bull-pig meat.

I glanced over to the six Kyoshi Warriors who were wearing ready smiles. "Kyoshi Warriors, I need-"

"More jewellery designs?!"

"Some assassinations done?!"

"Infiltration and sabotage time again?!"

"An ostrich-horse racing tournament held?!"

"Someone to try out more elixers?!"

"Your balls emptied?!"​

"What?" Suki cried out as the other Kyoshi Warriors stared at her. "Don't look at me like that! We were all thinking it! Besides, I'm right!"

Six painted faces looked at me expectantly... their eyes glancing lustfully at my codpiece for a moment.

"Aren't I, Khan?" Suki breathed with smouldering blue eyes, and I rolled my eyes.

"Unfortunately, no. We're on a strict deadline right now." I refused, "I need to build good will and admiration among the soldiers here in the camp. So, hold ostrich-horse racing tournaments. Hand out our barrels of Mountain Dew. Give away the (Exquisite) quality instruments I've crafted as prizes. Whatever we can afford as long as the troops toast my name even after we leave for the Imperial City."

"Awwww..." Suki and the Kyoshi Warriors pouted as one.

"... We'll have ten days at sea sleeping in the same room together on our way to Imperial City, and I did promise to deck you out on finery."

Quick as a flash, they knelt on one knee. "Your loyal Kyoshi Warriors will have them worshipping the ground you walk on, Our Khan!"

I sighed. Spirits save me from perpetually horny ninja girls cutting into my reading time.

"The rest of you..." I pointed at the gathered officers of 41st Division. Proudly mounted on their softly honking ostrich-horses. "I have just assigned Suki and the Kyoshi Warriors here with a crucial assignment while I escort the Admiral back to base. All of you are to aid them to the best of your abilities. And I will be very displeased if I come back and it has not been completed due insubordination. Understood?!"

Reputation check succeeded!
100/75 Reputation Required with {41st Division}

Obedience check succeeded!
100/75 Obedience Required with {41st Division}​

The 41st Division officers saluted as one.

"YES, CAPTAIN KHAN!"​

"It's Commander now!"

"YES, COMMANDER KHAN!"​

"You all have your orders. Dismissed!"

With that, my seven-foot-tall armoured frame marched off to the docks. This required my personal touch after all, [Siren's Voice] was going to be invaluable in getting Admiral Zhao to lend me his best ships. I could probably make do with standard Fire Nation ships, but that would be cutting things too close with the deadline.

The [Quest: A Hero's Triumphant Homecoming] was on the line here.

For a Quest with rewards this valuable, minimising the risk of mission failure was tantamount. But this little rescue mission posed its own risks. Namely, the risk of running into the Gaang- the main characters of this world. I was still wary of facing off against them so early, because I'm still not sure how their bullshit plot armour will interact against my bullshit [Gamer System]. I could stomp them and win this little adventure story early, or get stomped by them instead. I simply had no information to justify it either way.

For now, I can only hope the butterflies of my existence here in the world of Avatar haven't changed the order of the episodes too much...

(Meanwhile) [Several kilometres up the river]

With a gust of wind, Aang sidestepped across the riverboat's deck.

"Woah!" he gasped as the great fireball almost singed his orange and yellow robes. He had to admit- this Admiral Zhao guy was tough! The admiral's firebending was a lot more powerful than Zuko's. The orange flames, burning hotter and brighter. Reaching the size of sabertooth moose-lions and with a roar just as furious. But just like Jeong-jeong said, he had little self-control. And for Aang who was an Air nomad? Who had an entire tenet dedicated to using their opponent's energy against them? Aang knew exactly how to fight someone like Zhao.

"Ahoy!" Aang wiggled his butt to the admiral, "I'm Admiral Zhao!"

"Raaagh!"

Eye twitching, the older man just roared wordlessly as he unleashed a furious kata of firebending- forcing Aang to duck and dodge around the great balls of fire. All the while, the reckless admiral burning own riverboats to cinders in a fit of collateral damage.

"You've lost this battle." Aang smirked.

"Are you crazy?! You haven't thrown a single blow!" Admiral Zhao roared back, still ignorant to what he had just done.

"No. But you have." Aang smirked before gesturing to the burning boats, "Have a nice walk home!"

It was just then that- out from the treeline- the rest of the Fire Nation soldiers arrived just in time to see their admiral standing in the middle of their burning boats.

"Admiral Zhao!" the eye-patched soldier saluted, "The deserter and his followers have eluded us!"

"Aang, over here!" Katara's voice called out to him from the sky. She and Sokka waved from atop Appa. Aang let out a sigh of relief. Good, Jeong-Jeong and his followers got away. And he guessed that was his cue to leave. But just as he was about to fly off with Sokka, Katara and Appa... the scruffy-bearded Zhao guy shouted to him.

"You think that this will stop me, Avatar?!" He called out, standing as he was thigh deep into river water among the flaming wrecks of his boats. Aang snorted.

"Pretty much." he shrugged with a playful grin. "It's not like you can grow wings."

But instead of getting angry as Aang expected, the bearded Fire Nation admiral just gave him a knowing smirk.

"Then you underestimate my power, Avatar." Zhao declared.

"Admiral, no! Don't do it!" begged the eyepatched Fire nation soldier- falling onto his knees as he apparently knew what Zhao intended, "Not the forbidden technique! No man is strong enough!"

That phrase caught Aang's ear and his grip on his {Airbender Staff} tightened in caution. He didn't know what counted as a forbidden technique for the Fire Nation, but whatever it was, it couldn't be good. Forbidden techniques were forbidden for a reason after all.

"No man was strong enough... until now, sergeant." Zhao boasted as he pulled out... pulled out two cans of drinks from his belt pouch.

"...What?" Aang had expected him to pull out something sinister like a blasting jelly bomb or something, but a quick drink break? Never in a hundred years.

"Admiral, don't!" His Fire Nation soldier ally cried out... who was ignored.

Twin clacks of metal rang out and Zhao chugged the contents of both cans simultaneously- gulping down the amber liquid so hungrily that some began soaking his beard.

"No... Not two cans of Red Bull at once!" The admiral's own soldier whimpered in fear, and that was when Aang really started to get worried. The sound of metal crunching was heard as the admiral crushed the empty cans in his fists.

All the hairs on Aang's arms stood on end as if some gargantuan calamity was about to happen. And then it did: The admiral and the riverboats were consumed in a fireball the size of a house. So hot that it scorched'Aang just scratched his bald head. He guessed that was why the technique was forbidden- it made the user blow up?

Aang honestly thought that the fight was done until- from the roaring blaze- a voice echoed out...

"SUCH POWER..."​

... and it sounded unequivocally evil. Like in those stories they tell about tormented spirits thirsting for blind vengeance. At the sound of it, the other Fire Nation soldiers stumbled back in fear.

"R-run for your lives, men!" the Fire Nation sergeant cried out as he scrambled down the riverside. "The admiral has double-dosed on Red Bull!"

"Aang...who is that?" Sokka nervously called out, then the voice spoke again.

"I?"

"I AM... ZHAO."​

Aang, Sokka and Katara watched in horror as the admiral emerged from among the flaming wreckage of the ships. The explosion had almost scorched his armour right off him, and yet, he didn't look harmed. Far from it. His eyes and fists were alight with powerful fire as he strode through the shallow waters. The very water boiled around his knees. Steam rose alongside the smoke of burning boat fuel, and the flames roared even higher around him.

"ZHAO THE CONQUEROR..."

"ZHAO THE INVINCIBLE..."

"ZHAO..."​

He turned his flaming gaze towards Aang.

"... THE AVATAR-SLAYER!"​

"AANG! GET UP HERE!" Katara shrieked, and he didn't need to be told twice. Swirling the wind around him for a great leap, he found himself landing on the saddle with her and Sokka.

"Appa, yip yip! YIP YIP!" Aang cried out- holding tightly onto Appa's reins. Flying lower to try and find an updraft to springboard from.

With a great roar, the admiral loosed firebolts at them.

"RAAAAAAGGHHHHHHH!!!"​

"Uh.. Aang? How is the firebender flying?!" Sokka yelled out in panic.

"He's WHAT?!" Aang shouted out as he glanced behind them. And there, just like Sokka said, was the admiral who was now flying at them. Jets of flame blazed from the bottoms of his feet and from his back to propel him higher than Aang had ever seen a non-airbender jump... And he was actually catching up to them.

"You just had to tell him to grow wings, didja?!" accused Sokka.

"How was I supposed to know he'd actually do it!" Aang shouted back as he steered Appa away from incoming fireballs.

"But how is he doing this?!" Katara cried out.

"He drank something called Red Bull!"

"What's a Red Bull?!" Katara panicked- ducking as a great firebolt seared over their heads, "And how is it making him FLY?!"

"I DON'T KNOW!" Aang shouted back as he once again glanced over his shoulder, and he felt his heart skip a beat as he saw the juiced-up admiral gaining on them.

"ZHAO THE MOONSL- Augh!"​

But just as it seemed the admiral was about to reach them, the flames under his feet sputtered out as he apparently lost whatever unnatural power was imbued into him. The once furious firebender lost consciousness mid-air and fell like a brick into the river. All three of them watched as the Fire nation soldiers began fishing out the admiral, and they knew... This wasn't the last they'll see of Admiral Zhao.

"That was a close one." Sokka exhaled- slumping to the saddle with a relieved groan.

"I'm more worried about this 'Red Bull.'" Katara spoke up- looking over to Aang. "That was what he drank from those cans, right? Is that some kind of tea that enhances bending? Does something like that even exist?"

Aang pressed his lips together into a thin, uncertain line before replying, "Yeah... it does. Wandering Air Nomads used to tell stories about special herbs that grow in ancient, hidden places. And how wise old Earth Kingdom alchemists would grind them up into pills or steep them in cauldrons to make miracle elixirs that increased your chi four-fold."

"And now, the Fire Nation is using it as a secret weapon!" Sokka snapped his fingers. "It's the only logical reason why we haven't seen anyone else use it until now. A tea that's able to make a firebender able to do all of that... angry... fiery... fire-flying! We need to go and let the other nations know about this."

"Aang and I still need a waterbending master, Sokka." Katara reminded him. "And we're already so close to the North Pole already, we can't turn back now!"

"But Katara! Flying firebenders! Who knows what other secret weapons the Fire Nation will come up with while you and Aang are splashing icy water at each other?! Mind readers? Trained foxes who spy on people? Or maybe even... spooky spirit powers from the Spirit World!"

"Sokka, you're just being ridiculous now." His sister scoffed.

"Am I, Katara?! Just a few months ago, we didn't even know that bison or lemurs could even fly! Now, the firebenders are flying too! Maybe Momo is secretly a firebender?!"

Their resident flying lemur just gave a confused trill.

"Well, we did make Momo earthbend a few weeks ago!" Aang laughed, "And besides, Sokka, don't we also have to warn the Northern Water Tribe about this Red Bull Elixir anyway?"

"You have a point..." Sokka said after a moment of consideration. "Okay, we'll keep heading north, but we should at least keep our ears to the ground for the source of this tea. If we find the old man brewing this tea for the Fire Nation, Aang should do his usual Avatar thing and talk him out of it."

"Actually... If anything, he's probably being forced by the Fire Nation to make this tea." Aang suggested, and Katara arched a curious eyebrow.

"What makes you say that, Aang?"

He just beamed, "Well, tea makers and tea lovers are some of the friendliest and most learned people I've ever met. Something about the calming properties of a good cup of tea that attracts that sort of person. I'm sure this one isn't so different!"

(An hour later)

Beads of sweat slid down the tribesman's fearful face as my armoured hand squeezed around his neck.

"Where is Jeong-Jeong's camp?! Talk or I'll feed you to the ostrich-horses!" was my single demand. Loud enough to momentarily drown out the rumble of the riverboat's engines, the rushing water of the river and the sounds of lush untamed jungle as the riverboat chugged up the river.

"I don't know! Please!" The tribesman stuttered out- struggling beneath the armoured hand as he slowly lost consciousness.

"This one has stopped being useful." I snarled in disgust beneath my skull-faced helmet. And with contemptuous ease, I hurled the tribesman in a high arc over to the river banks... right where my cavalry scouts were striding. The tribesman barely had time to scream before our ever-hungry ostrich-horses were upon him. Feasting like a flock of hens would on earthworms in a chaotic free-for-all lunch.

"HONK!" "HONK!" "HONK!" "HONK!" "HONK!"​

I looked over the two other tribesmen prisoners who just stared, wide eyed, at the gruesome feast happening at the river banks.

"Now..." I spoke to them, "Will either of you talk or will the ostrich-horses have another course to their meal?"

"N-no... We'll talk!" the one on the right gasped out. "Anything but the ostrich-horses!"

"O-our camp is not far from here..." the one on the left divulged- shamefully looking away. "Just keep heading up the river, it can't be any more than another hour! You can't miss it! But I swear on all the spirits of the Earth and Jungle, we don't know don't know where Jeong-Jeong or the Avatar went!"

"Good, both of you are spared. For now. The lieutenant will handle the rest of your interrogation, and you will tell her everything you know about Jeong-jeong's activities in your time with him."

"Yes, Giant. We- Aaaah!"

Before they could say anything more, I tossed them over to the other riverboat.

"A river cruise and a lunch show where a giant juggles some tribers..." June casually remarked as she sipped on a can of Mountain Dew, "You do know how to keep a lady entertained."

I looked over to the bounty hunter who was casually lounging in her dark-red riding leathers, naught a care in the world. Her voice always took me off-guard. Hearing Commander Jane Shepard from Mass Effect in the world of Avatar had always been jarring. But I didn't let that stop me as I walked over to her, "Since you're so relaxed, it's your turn to entertain me with an interview."

"Oh?" She hummed, raising a slender eyebrow at me as her smooth voice turned coy. "I'm not the kind of woman you can buy like that, Khan."

"Damn Suki and her rumours..." I cursed before settling my gaze at her through the slits of my helmet, "I meant a serious interview, not some thinly veiled attempt at seduction. Your mind is far more valuable than your body after all."

She blinked in stark surprise. "... wait, you're actually serious about the interview?"

"Yes, I am." I replied, briefly glancing over to her napping Shirshu on the other boat, "You may not know it, but you hold the most valuable form of knowledge on Shirshus in all the Four Nations: The practical kind of knowledge gained from years of real-world experience. That is leagues more valuable than the prattlings of some zoologist sitting in a stuffy lecture hall in Ba Sing Se University."

She leaned back, cupping her chin for a moment before smirking at me. "And what has you so interested? Are the Fire Nation planning on raising their own Shirshus?"

"No, this is knowledge for knowledge's sake as far as I intend. It'll sit in a library until someone finds it."

"That changes things then." June hummed before smirking and batting an eyelash at me, "... It seems that I've got something you want; so, what are you offering in exchange?"

"Five yua-"

"Uh, uh.." the goth merc interrupted with a smirk- wagging a finger tipped with a black-painted fingernail, "Let's make this interesting and say I'm not after money. Just this once, at least."

I frowned, "A favour then?"

"Aww... are you afraid that it's going to be a sexual favour, big guy?" She winked and I rolled my eyes from behind my helmet.

"... are all warrior women in the Earth Kingdom this horny?"

"Hah! We're not at that point... yet." June chuckled... the last word almost silent. "Besides, I'm letting you off easy: I just want to see how you look under that helmet."

"Just the helmet?"

She raised her hands, "Hey, a lady is naturally going to get curious when six frigid Kyoshi Warriors talk about nothing except sex with you for half a day."

"I reiterate: Damn Suki and her rumours..." I grumbled as I unbuckled my helmet. "Also, I have a good reason to never take off my helmet: Helmets save lives... and end them just as quickly when I headbutt those who don't wear helmets."

"Very practical." June quipped as I stood before her without my helmet. "Okay, let's head inside for that interview, big guy. Going to want some privacy for this."

"Excellent! Get comfortable, I'll just retrieve my stationery." I replied. And by that, I meant 'Find a spot where people won't see me pulling things out of thin air.' Because I definitely planned to keep the extent of my powers under wraps for as long as I can. On the topic of my powers though... The book, An Interview with a Shirshu-mounted Bounty Hunter by Commander Khan, will certainly impress Wan Shi Tong. I was past the halfway mark for the Secondary Objective, and with this. I'll only need to author 6-7 more books after this one with June.

Quest:
THE JOURNEY FOR INTELLIGENCE
Main Objective: Impress {Wan Shi Tong} with (618/100) books for his library.
Reward: Removal of the [Dull Mind] perk
Secondary Objective: Impress {Wan Shi Tong} with (11.6/20) books you authored yourself
Reward: [Able Mind]
+ R +​

Cradling my box of stationery in my armoured hands, I climbed down below the deck to where the small officer's quarters was, and pushed open the door.

For showing a more intellectual side, and for also being incredibly attractive to her ...
{June} Reputation : 25 -> 35
{June} Obedience : 10 -> 20
+ R +​
Wait... I've seen this notification before, when Suki first saw me without my helmet. I swear, if this leads to yet another interview where my interviewee flashes me her...

"... breasts."

"Yes. Do you like them?" June purred as she sat on the edge of the bed. Her dark eyes with their heavy eyeshadow hooded in desire, and her raven-black hair spilling down her naked shoulders and down her back. Apart from the skull hair tie, the only thing she was wearing were the thin red covers draped casually over her naked body. Rosy pink nipples peeked over the covers as she crossed her arms under perky C-cups- pushing the smooth, firm globes up as if offering a sample of them.

I sighed, "June, offering your body isn't going to convince me to give you that bonus."

Her long, toned leg slipped out from under the covers- the flimsy cloth riding up dangerously high up the naked flesh of her inner thigh.

"Oh, it's more than just that bonus." the goth merc's painted lips stretched in a sly smile, "Life as a bounty hunter doesn't really let me have boyfriends." She shrugged, making her bare chest sway slightly, "I don't have the luxury that most girls have of dolling myself up, preening around like a peacock-pigeon and waiting for guys to make a move. If there's any tactic I can take from bounty hunting, it'd be 'Chase them down until their resistance is exhausted and get down to business.'"

"I wasn't expecting you to be so forward." I said, "You seem to be more laid back than this."

"I am. Was." She shook her head, "But after a crap week with tough work and little pay, I felt like blowing off some steam. And wouldn't you know it, this giant who looks surprisingly cute under his helmet comes along just in time. Barging into my life with his gold and his handsome mug- dragging me into this job to find the daughter of the Thorn Princess herself. And if having sex with him makes him like me enough for a fat bonus? Well, that's just the cherry on top. I want to see if you're everything the Kyoshi Warriors had been saying about."

"Damn Suki and her rumours..." I said with a sigh, "... But our deal was just the helmet, June."

"So?" She smiled, "I'm changing the deal: You want that interview, Khan? All you have to do is scratch my itch. Besides, I'm thinking I should be pretty confident with what I got. Don't you think so?"

June shifted in her seat, crossing her long legs that were toned from a lifetime of riding her shirshu over all sorts of terrain and revealing a brief glimpse of what she wore between them: nothing at all. And the rest of her was just as delicious. Abs defined on her smooth, pale skin peeked out from the sides of the red covers. As expected of a successful bounty hunter, June was very much in shape and very much had me cornered- leaving me with only one way to get that interview...

... and that was to have sex with this very fit and very sexy goth girl.

"You Earth Kingdom girls are insatiable..." I took off my helmet.

"There, we go." June smirked lustily, "I like how you look at me."

More than anything, I wasn't pleased about her reneging on the deal. I just kept my eyes on her as I unequipped my armour- leaving myself in just my loose pants. And by then, June was chewing her lower lip. Her coal black eyes running their gaze up and down my body. "Mmmm... well, that's one rumour confirmed: You definitely look like a Fire Nation prince out of that armour."

"And you look very good for someone who has lived her whole life on the road as well." I said. Reaching out, I yanked the covers off of her- exposing her pale, naked body.

June gasped in surprise- her pale cheeks blushing pink; but didn't protest as I joined her on the bed and ran my hands over her pale skin, admiring how soft and smooth it was despite a life of bounty hunting. Brushing my fingers across the tips of her breasts and across her smooth inner thighs, I earned from her a sigh of pleasure. And when my fingers brushed against her the delicate lips of her quim to find it dripping wet, a soft lyrical hum.

"Careful..." June tried to smirk again but was interrupted as a shiver of pleasure ran through her, "A girl can only take so much teasing..."

Her pale, slender frame made it easy to maneuver her onto my lap, I slipped off my pants and poised her right on the tip of my cock. Seated cowgirl was a good pick for a girl who had spent a lot of time riding powerful, relentless beasts around the Earth Kingdom.

She glanced down and moaned, "They grow them big in the Fire Islands..."

"Having second thoughts, June?" I chuckled as I prodded her tight pink entrance with the tip- threatening her with a very good time. "If we start now, we're not going to stop until I'm satisfied."

"Do it if you're so tough." She purred with a smirk as I held her by the waist... right before I slammed her down my cock until our hips met in a wet slap of flesh. June's coal black eyes clenched shut in pleasure as she threw her head back. Raven-black hair streaming down her back as she bared her pale neck to me, as she was unable to hold out a rolling moan of pleasure, "A-ahhhnn~!"

Her feminine insides were tight. So tight that it felt like her hot, silky inner walls were clinging to my cock. Years of riding on shirshu-back toning her muscles made her tighter than most. Meanwhile, delicate folds squeezed and pulsed wetly as if doing its best to service every inch of my cock. Even without movement, her insides were so hot and active that a man could cum from just that... but not me. Keeping six fit Kyoshi Warriors satisfied on long nights has built up my sexual stamina, and I was about to make this quippy bounty hunter realise just how unmatched she is.

"Did you cum just from that?" I chuckled.

The goth merc shot me an annoyed look as she panted through her blush. "Sh-shut up and just fuck me."

Naturally, I obliged her.

Holding her by her narrow waist, I hear June give a shuddering gasp as I lift her up- dragging her tight pussy up my shaft. Her tightness meant that her folds clung to my shaft as if reluctant to release even a single inch- sparking up pleasurable friction as the ridge of my cock head scraped against her sensitive silky folds. Then she found herself right where we started: with her trembling netherlips kissing the crown of my manhood. Right before I once again slammed her vulnerable pussy right down to the hilt of my cock.

June's rich alto voice let out a high feminine moan of pleasure, almost lyrical in quality, before catching herself.

"You- You heard nothing!" She hissed, but I just laughed.

"It's amusing how much you're intent on keeping this facade of a stoic, snarky bounty hunter." I said as I kept moving her up and down continuously. The wooden bed creaked underneath us as I used her pale, slender body as my onahole. The squelching of her wet pussy getting filled to spilling rang out with each powerful thrust, and her entire body seemed to shudder each time I bottomed out in her gripping pussy.

There was nothing more satisfying than surpassing the expectations of someone who had underestimated me. To that end, I had a new purpose: Draw out the sweet voice of this goth girl and make her mine.

"I want to hear it again." My voice rumbled into her ear. Her long black hair tickling my shoulder as I pounded away into the soaked depths of her welcoming pussy. Her perky C-cups dragging against my chest.

"D-don't make me! That's- Mmm! - not my style!" Her rich voice groaned, still acting tough. "Just keep goi- Mm! M-mmm!"

She came hard, and tried even harder to keep her mouth shut as she did. But from the way she clenched incredibly tight around my shaft and from the way her black-painted nails claws at my back, it must have been rocking her world. Her insides practically milking me to cum inside her. But unfortunately for June, she was going to have to work for it some more. Six perpetually horny Kyoshi Warriors made sure that my sexual stamina was up to stuff.

June opened her coal black eyes to look at me as she panted breathlessly.

"How... how haven't you cum yet?" She gulped for air. Her pussy, still trembling around my shaft from her orgasm.

"No." was all I said, right before I began moving her again.

"S-slow down, I just ca-caaame!" Her voice was cracking between her usual tough one and one that was distinctly more... vulnerable and feminine. I knew then that I had, all

"I know." I replied as I slid my hand inwards to brush my thumb against her swollen clit. Again and again. Her eyes flew wide open... right before her soft insides went wild: fluttering, squeezing and milking my shaft as if she came and came and came.

"S-spirits! K-keep going! Don't stop!" She pleaded vocally now- unable to care about appearances now. She began to bounce on her own accord, toned legs lifting herself up my cock until only the tip remained before slamming herself down to the hilt. The wet squelch and splatter of her womanly juices following right after. And from the desperation that she was moving and from how desperately her silky wet insides were milking my cock, June seemed like she was about to...

"Oh, that's- Cumminnng~!"

June came with a long guttural moan of ecstasy- her hips bucking uncontrollably as she howled her pleasure. And that triggered my own orgasm. I tilted her head up to capture her lips in a heated kiss. Letting this goth girl's moan into my mouth as I filled up her fertile womb with my seed until it began leaking out from where we were connected.

"Finally... you're done!" she panted breathlessly, her voice climbing back down to its rich alto. "I thought you were going to break my pussy in..."

"We are not done." was all I said before I pushed her slender frame to the bed while pinning her hands over her head. My cock poised yet again at the trembling entrance of her freshly creampied pussy as it leaked its creamy prize down her thighs. "Like I said... we're not going to stop until I'm finished. If you're going to change the deal, then I'm going to give you exactly what you wanted, June."

A complex mix of panic and anticipation glittered in her coal black eyes. "Uh... is it too late to apologise?"

"It's not like you can unfuck yourself, can you?" I grinned down to her, "But... trust me, you'll have a lot of time to apologise. With your holes."

This time, June didn't hold back with her moan as I sank balls deep back into her hot vagina.

(An hour later)

After several more rounds of nonstop sex, I decided to quit before June was too tired to track Zhao.

For giving her the best lay of her life so far and making her your cumslut...
{June} Reputation : 35 -> 65
{June} Obedience : 20 -> 50
+ R +​

Gripping the goth girl's skull hair tie, I guided June's mouth up and down my cock as she knelt between my legs to give me a clean up blowjob. Well, as much as she could at least. Her deep red lipstick left kiss marks up and down my shaft and smeared everytime she took me in her throat. Her eyeshadow and mascara were now running down in a black mess down her pale cheeks. Long ropes of pearly white semen streaking all over her face from her previous titjob.

"Keep going, June. I'm getting close." I told her, patting her head. But before we could continue anymore, we heard someone hurriedly climbing down the steps.

"Commander Khan!" The lieutenant called out as she barged into the quarters, "We found the admiral and his unit. They report- OH! E-excuse me, sir! I... I didn't realise you weren't penis. DECENT! I didn't realise you weren't decent!"

I glanced down to June.

"Looks like your bounty hunter services weren't needed after all, June." I told her as I stood up. "Go lay down. Take a nap or something, I'll wake you when we're back at base."

"Yessir..." June slurred before she tiredly climbed onto the bed- just basking from the afterglow of our heated lovemaking and muttering softly, "Kyoshi warriors... you lucky bitches..."

I looked over to the Lieutenant who was still standing there frozen with her armoured hand covering her face.... and I chose to ignore the fact that I could see her eyes peeking between her fingers.

"I'll attend to the admiral as soon as I'm ready." I said to her, "In the meantime, Lieutenant, show your fellow Fire Nation some of that fabled eastern Fire Island hospitality."

Yes, I need her to buy me some time. Time to wipe myself down to rid the heavy musk of sex and get dressed. After all, It was imperative that we made a good first impression with the admiral. Too much was riding on me being able to convince him to give the 41st priority naval support.

"I- me, sir?" She said with uncharacteristic hesitance. "You want me to do it?"

"Yes." I snapped. "Double time it, Lieutenant. The admiral will be waiting."

Reputation check succeeded!
100/100 Reputation Required with {41st Division}

Obedience check succeeded!
100/75 Obedience Required with {41st Division}​

Wait... what's with the reputation and obedience checks?

"Y-yes, sir. By your orders..." the lieutenant murmured softly, "Uh... I'm not... experienced in this, at all... but I'll do my best."

She took a deep steadying breath, but instead heading above deck, she shuffled towards me with unsteady legs.

"Should I- with my h-hand, sir? Or do you want me to- uuuu... takeyouinmymouth? A-also... If it's you, sir, I w-wouldn't mind if you take my virg-"

"Lieutenant." I said in my flattest, most deadpan voice, "I meant to go upstairs and ensure the admiral has a ranking officer of the 41st to talk to. I did not mean sexually satisfy me."

I couldn't see her exact expression behind her helmet, but I'd swear I could feel the heat of her blush through the metal.

"W-w-w-WHAT?! But I thought you wanted me to-! I was actually ok with-!" She stammered and sputtered before saluting, "I mean, yes sir! Right away, Commander!"

She dashed out the room and up the steps so fast that one would have thought she was an airbender.

Meanwhile, I just shook my head before hurrying to get dressed. With my Inventory, it was easy to just equip the armour. Slap a bit of asiatic Axe bodyspray and I was ready to pretend that I didn't spend the last hour pounding goth girl pussy. I climbed above-deck just in time to see a group of haggard-looking Fire Nation soldiers wave at us from their place at the river banks. Already, my ostrich-horse mounted scouts were escorting them on board the riverboats- the tall creatures wading into the water to help the rescued soldiers aboard.

One of the admirals' soldiers was particularly familiar.

"Ah, Lieutenant Yan." I greeted the eye-patched soldier as he climbed aboard. "Congratulations to you too for making it to an Admiral's retinue."

"Thank you, Commander Khan, sir." Yan saluted back before glancing over his shoulder to the four soldiers hoisting a stretcher aboard. "Set him down easy, men. The commander's an expert herbalist."

Obeying, the soldiers placed the semi-conscious man on a wooden bench.

"So, this is Admiral Zhao..." My voice rumbled in consideration as I knelt by his side. He was middle-aged, but fit. Greying hair and magnificent sideburns. Yes, there was no mistaking Admiral Zhao. Even without his armour, he looked the part. Shirtless, the admiral's torso was decorated with multiple battle scars now faint, but no fresh wounds anywhere. He was also shivering and muttering in his sleep.

"zh-zhao... the victorious..."​

"Did you see what caused his injuries?" I said, aiming my question to any soldier who could answer as we crowded around the admiral.

"He went mad with power, sir." Yan replied, "...And drank two cans of Red Bull at once."

"Ah, that would do it. This man is too reckless." I shook my head in disappointment, "He took the cans that I gave your unit for himself, didn't he?"

"Yes, sir..."

"zha-ao the... wise..."​

"I recall Suki's first can of Red Bull." I shook my head. "I should have expected that the admiral would also do such a thing. But thankfully, this is easily curable..."

Time to put that new herbalism perk to good use.

Level 10 - Expert Skill Perk
Medic! (Passive): Actual medical license not included. When you personally apply healing consumables which you have personally made to other entities, the treated wound heals at a faster rate. Scales with your [Herbalism] skill.

+ R +​

Reaching into my belt pouch, I retrieved a (Fine) [Small Health Tonic] from my inventory. A small thing, really. Merely a glass vial just large enough to hold one full gulp of Predictably, the liquid inside was red, just like in all fantasy settings too. liquid. A combination of herbs and wild berries to produce an all purpose health potion.

With a flick of my armoured thumb, I popped the cork off the vial and tipped the contents into the insensate admiral's mouth, and he reflexively gulped down the sweet liquid. I looked over to the rest of the soldiers, "The only thing left to do is prepare some food and water for him when her wakes up. He'll need to replenish himself after pushing his body that- "

I was interrupted when- as if resurrected by a lightning bolt- the admiral's eyes flew open and he jumped to his feet.

"AVATAR! YOU ARE NO MATCH FOR ZHAO THE RADIANT!" Zhao boomed.

- The Power The Avatar Knows Not End -​

AN:

This chapter occurs during the episode... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 16 - The Deserter). Taking place after (Bato of the Water Tribe) and right before (The Northern Air Temple).

Don't stress about military ranks... ATLA is whack in that regard. (e.g. Commander Zhao who was in charge of 'a hundred ships' was somehow promoted straight to Admiral, skipping Colonel outright.) And rather than rework everything into a cohesive and sane military hierarchy, I just rolled with the one laid out by this western-made asiatic cartoon show about the four western elements.

This chapter kicked my ass... Balancing humour and wish fulfilment. The colourful cast of ATLA characters... But mainly because both Age of Wonders 4 and Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom came out.

The Lieutenant is actually another expy... But I'm saving her for later. Already enough characters to juggle as it is. Right now, the most I can do is build her up for her eventually unmasking.
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:IEatCrayons, Ghjikl, besrkx3 and 1,804 others
Infonticus
Jun 1, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 10: Voyage Negotiations
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Jun 4, 2023
Add bookmark
#1,518
Chapter 10: Voyage Negotiations

Everyone onboard the riverboat watched as the admiral spring from near-dead to shouting defiantly to the heavens.

"AVATAR! YOU ARE NO MATCH FOR ZHAO THE RADIANT!" The admiral's voice thundered, his fists wreathed in flames. But as his words echoed across the deck, he suddenly realised that he was surrounded by his fellow Fire Nation soldiers. Zhao's fiery fists extinguished, and his expression turned from ferocity to annoyance.

He cast a sharp gaze in my direction and grunted, "I suppose this means that the Avatar escaped."

"It's been several hours since your fight, sir. The Avatar is long gone on his flying bison," I replied, meeting Zhao's gaze with unwavering composure. The admiral lightly slammed his fist on the railing, his strength still diminished from the double dose of Red Bull he had consumed. But with surprising quickness, he regained his composure- clasping his hands behind his back with the poise of a high-ranked officer.

"Damn that airbender, slippery like a winged eel! He's likely halfway to the Northern Pole by now!" He shouted in frustration. The admiral sighed deep- apparently pushing down his anger and looking over to me, "Captain Khan, thank you for your timely arrival. Having to walk back to base would have been... unseemly after the airbender destroyed our ships."

"The Avatar does seem to have a knack for targeting our equipment, sir," I remarked, disregarding his obvious lie about Aang being responsible for his riverboats' destruction. "Also, I received a letter from the capital. Records and Archives already have me listed as commander."

"I see. Congratulations on your promotion, Commander," he grunted, his tone begrudgingly respectful. "I'd offer you tea if we were back at base, but I think this is a good opportunity."

"An opportunity, Admiral?"

"Yes..." Zhao hummed, accepting a spare Fire Nation uniform from one of the nearby soldiers. He began donning the garments swiftly, his actions purposeful and precise. "An opportunity for us to converse. You see-"

"Wait," I hissed, the urgency in my voice spreading through the air like wildfire. The entire riverboat froze, tension filling the air.

Almost everyone has experienced that unsettling sensation at least once—a quiet dread that seemingly emerges from the depths of nowhere. It creeps upon you like the ethereal brush of a phantom hand against your skin, while an ominous pressure builds at the back of your head. All these sensations intertwine, forming a rising suspicion that unseen eyes are fixed upon you. Most people would shrug it off as a mere trick of the mind, attempting to convince themselves it's nothing more than an irrational fear. But I was a Fire Nation Warlord imbued with a formidable power, and a very concerning notification popped up in my vision, indicating beyond a shadow of a doubt that...

Spirit Check successful! (42/40 Spirit Required)​

...Yes, there was certainly something watching me.

My green eyes peered through my helmet's armoured slits to scan the river waters and the dense jungle beyond. Not a single rustle, not a misplaced vine. But, I knew something was lurking out there. But what?

"Do we have trouble, Commander?" Zhao whispered warily.

"I believe we're being watched." I whispered, my voice barely audible over the gentle hum of the engine.

Admiral Zhao's amber eyes squinted out into the jungle brush as well, and when he didn't find anything, he said to me. "I don't see anything."

"Nor do I, but now is not the time to take any chances. You risk permanent damage to your body if you fight."

Zhao nodded reluctantly, "Very well, I'll entrust my safety to you, Commander."

"Helmsman, reduce speed!" I bellowed. "Cavalry Scouts, pair up and scour the immediate area! Everyone else, weapons at the ready!"

As the engines quieted, the valour of Fire Nation soldiers filled the void: The rasping sound of Jian swords unsheathing, the fwoosh of fire coming to life in armoured palms, and the aggressive honks of the ostrich-horses as the mounted scouts charged into the brush with guandao glaives in hand.

I tightened my grip on my meteor hammer, scanning the treeline again as that mysterious sense of unease gnawed at me all the while. What was I missing? How are they hiding from our detection? I spared a brief glance at the older man with greying sideburns and hard amber eyes. To encounter such a situation moments after meeting the Admiral... Was it mere coincidence or enemy action?

Spirit Check Failed! (42/60 Spirit Required)​

The answer eluded me, and it was very concerning how I still didn't know what I was passing or failing. But soon enough, my Cavalry Scouts emerged from the treeline, shouting their report to me, "Commander, the immediate area is clear! We didn't find anything!"

I frowned under my helmet. If this interloper can hide from even our ostrich-horses' sharp sense of smell, then there was nothing else I could do aside from resolving to raise my Spirit Stat from now on. Meanwhile, the men looked to me, awaiting my orders.

"Keep the perimeter secure as we head back to base." I shouted to them before glancing over to the soldier behind the wheel. "Ahead standard, helmsman. Nice and easy."

The riverboat engines roared to life as we continued our cruise back to base.

"It would seem your paranoia was unfounded, Commander." spoke Admiral Zhao.

"Better to have been on-guard over nothing than to be caught off-guard in an ambush." I replied before sending an order to the lieutenant who stood watch, "Lieutenant, get a table and some chairs from below deck. And steep some tea as well."

"Yes, sir!"

"You said that you wished to speak to me about something, Admiral?"

Zhao nodded, "Yes, I had in fact intended to talk with you as soon as you arrived at base, Commander Khan. But your preparedness and punctuality is very much appreciated."

For saving his life and sparing him the shameful walk home...
{Admiral Zhao} Reputation : 15 -> 25​

The lieutenant returned with those chairs and table, dutifully setting it up in the middle of the deck for us before pouring each of us some tea like some high class maitre d.

The admiral took a single sip before speaking, his voice impassioned with patriotic fervour, "Rumours of your great talent for not only battle and administration have reached even the ears of Fire Nation Command. You are exactly the type of soldier we need to lead the way to one of our greatest triumphs- exceedingly capable and unquestionably loyal. How would you like to serve Fire Lord and Fire Nation in the most important theatre of the war, Commander; and make your Nation proud?"

"There is no need to speak so coyly, admiral. We are both men of action." I reassure him. "I know you're wanting the 41st to 'volunteer' for the Siege of the North Pole despite our orders from General Tuan to advance towards Ba Sing Se."

"How refreshingly direct." Admiral Zhao smiled into his tea cup before adopting a serious expression, "And yes, you are indeed correct in your assumption, Commander. I personally think you're wasted in the Army: General Tuan would have you languishing here in the Earth Kingdom and picking off fleeing Earth Kingdom soldiers. When instead, your talents will be of better use especially when we besiege the Northern Water Tribe. So... What would it take to secure your cooperation in the Siege of the Northern Water Tribe? Name your price."

"I want priority spot in every resupply list well after the war."

Admiral Zhao blinked, caught off guard at how quickly I jumped at his offer but recovered quickly, "Consider it done. Anything else?"

Now came the moment of truth.

"And..." I leaned closer and lowered my voice to a whisper, "... I want the location of the Lost Library of Wan Shi Tong."

The admiral's calculating amber eyes narrowed at me as he said nothing for a minute that seemed to stretch forever. Until it didn't.

"Very few know about the discovery I made. I personally saw to that." Zhao's voice held a silver of a threat. "Besides, I burnt the library down. It held too much knowledge about the Fire Nation's secrets to be left-"

"We both know that the library still stands." I interrupted- meeting his gaze with my own, "Admiral, I'm going to find the library with or without your help. The only thing that will change is whether we can establish a mutually-beneficial working relationship before and after the Siege of the North Pole."

Zhao fell silent again before sighing. "Very well, Commander, you caught me on my lie. But can you blame me when you know how astronomically valuable Wan Shi Tong's library is? What knowledge are you after there anyway?"

"Not knowledge. I wish to... treat with the spirit that curates the place. With Wan Shi Tong."

"Ah, I understand. You wish to kill that damned owl spirit?" Zhao said with a vicious smirk, "Perhaps you and I are not so different after all... However, if you want that information, you're going to have to offer something more than just your cooperation."

I didn't bother to correct the admiral's assumption that I wanted to kill Wan Shi Tong. Instead, I was focused on the deal. Focused on the welcome information that the admiral wasn't against the idea of sharing the library's location, he just wanted a large enough payday.

Now, that was something I could offer.

Leaning forward, I presented my carefully crafted proposition, "Admiral Zhao, I know of your desire for personal glory. An understandable goal really. And if this is what'll take to convince you to share the location of the library, I'm content with being a footnote in the upcoming siege. The glory of presenting the Fire Nation with the final victory over the Northern Water Tribe will be yours and yours alone."

"An intriguing offer." Zhao mused, stroking his beard, "But how do you plan to turn this into reality?"

It was clear that I had captured the admiral's attention, now it was simply a matter of closing the deal. And with an egomaniac like Zhao, there was only one thing that would win him over.

"I have already devised a rough plan on how the 41st Division would bring about the fall of the Northern Water Tribe. I can simply attribute that the plan was yours all along. Think about it: The Great Admiral Zhao, the tactical genius who toppled the Northern Water Tribe once and for all with his grand stratagem. The 41st Division, merely another trusty instrument in the masterful orchestra of war he played. Your role in this siege would elevate you beyond any other officer in the war. You will become the Legendary Admiral Zhao, the-"

"You have a deal." He agreed without a moment's hesitation, his amber eyes aflame with visions of his own grandeur.

"We have an accord then." I smiled and raised my tea cup. "A toast! To the beginnings of a mutually beneficial relationship between us, Admiral."

"To a mutually beneficial working relationship!" Zhao agreed, his lofty ambitions shining through his satisfied smile.

For reaching an arrangement with him that favours him greatly...
{Admiral Zhao} Reputation : 25 -> 40​

Ah, the best deals are the ones where both sides feel that they came out on top. Whether it's actually true... Well, that's largely irrelevant at the moment. Admiral Zhao can have all the prestige of taking the Water Tribe capital, while I will have something far, far more valuable. Speaking of which...

"How would you relay the library's location to me?" I asked him.

"I still have my old maps of the Si Wong desert from my time as a scout under General Shu." Zhao readily revealed, "They're kept safely in my estate in the Fire Islands. A serendipitous coincidence, I'm sure. Because you'll no doubt wish to have the bookworms at the capital to verify the authenticity of them. I'll gladly hand them to you after I finalise the usual command and control details with the war council about your division's participation in the upcoming siege. Of course, this is all after the Great War Commemoration parade. You have received your invitation, yes?"

"About that... " I muttered, "Princess Azula- the chief organiser for the parade- has ordered my unit to report to the Royal Plaza as soon as possible. I'd like to request your fastest ships to transport my division."

"Not a problem at all, Khan!" Zhao's smile was a magnanimous one, "You have the backing of the Fire Nation Navy's greatest admiral now. Besides, it would be poor form for me to send subpar ships to fulfill the Crown Princess' direct orders. You have my guarantee that your unit will be in the Fire Islands before the month is over. Speaking of which... Where is the rest of your division, Commander?"

"Raising morale back at base." I shrugged.

(Meanwhile) [Pohuai Port]

Zuko impatiently marched down the ramp of his ship, grumbling under his breath all the while. The late-morning chill still annoying him even through his usual red armour.

With no news of the avatar having bubbled up and the Giant's Horde still at least a week away from arriving, he had been sitting restlessly since yesterday. Keeping fit and ready with exercise and practising his Modern Azulon Style. At least he was, until his uncle deemed it fit to interrupt him- summoning him to the portside tent where the old coot usually played Pai Sho. Zuko suspected that the summons was likely for some inane reason, but there was always a silver of a chance that it was for something actually relevant to his pursuit of the Avatar. He never knew which it was going to be with his happy-go-lucky uncle.

The surprisingly crowded streets of the base, filled with his fellow Fire Nation soldiers as they smiled and chattered, only served to irritate him further. When Zuko finally reached his uncle's tent, he angrily batted aside the cloth flap and shouted.

"There had better be a good reason for thi-"

"So, you have arrived. Good." Iroh intoned, and Zuko stopped dead in his tracks at how his uncle's voice lacked its usual happy-go-lucky cheer, only utter seriousness remained. If that wasn't enough, the older man was also dressed in full military regalia with armoured pauldrons, black greaves, and a grand red cape- soft as sin. It was the first time Zuko had seen his uncle in proper formal wear since they had first left the Fire Nation. Iroh wasn't alone either: Four other of his crew including Lieutenant Jee were similarly dressed in armoured finery.

"W-what's going on?" Zuko asked dumbly as the legendary Fire Nation general walked over to him, placed a hand on his shoulder and looked him in the eye. The older man's amber eyes like burnished gold as he stared at him, and Zuko felt like a fox-antelope staring down a dragon.

"Prince Zuko..." General Iroh began as solemnly as before, "In all the time I had accompanied you on this journey to hunt the Avatar, I have never asked you for anything in return. But now, I find myself in a position where I must. And you are the only one who is both able enough and who I trust enough to turn to for this matter."

Even without knowing what it was, how can Zuko ever refuse?

"Y-yes, uncle." Zuko saluted, "Whatever you need."

At his answer, General Iroh allowed a small smile before gesturing to the other men in the room. They heaved a heavy red chest onto the table beside Zuko, and Iroh placed a hand on it. He looked to him, "Prince Zuko, from you I need to wield this great instrument, to pour your heart and soul into this task, and lead us to victory in my most important battle in recent memory."

"I will, Uncle Iroh." He affirmed to the older man, "Your faith isn't misplaced in me."

Gracing him with a fatherly smile, Iroh lifted the chest open and reverently placed the item in Zuko's hands, "... I need you to play this tsungi horn in the upcoming battle of the bands."

"Yes, uncle." Zuko cradled the instrument, "I'll play this tsungi horn for you at- Wait, WHAT?! You want me to play in your stupid band?!"

"Yes!" His fat uncle Iroh grinned, "And with your talent with the Tsungi Horn, our band will see itself triumphant tonight at the 41st Division's own Fire Days Festival inside base! Oh nephew, You should have seen the pool of prizes the winning bands will get, including a set of hand-carved instruments crafted by Captain Khan himself! That rosewood pipa was the most finely-crafted string instrument I've seen in over ten years!"

Zuko was about to melt the instrument in his hands before his uncle's words registered in his mind, "Wait, the 41st Division arrived early?!"

He was rushing out the tent before he knew it himself, pushing past the crowded streets again. and found what he was looking for: A group of heavily-armoured Fire Nation soldiers with feathered helmets riding atop mean-looking ostrich-horses.

"I'm Prince Zuko. Take me to the one in charge!" He demanded them, and the mounted soldiers who simply pointed to a large tent with a long line of men with instruments snaking out from it.

"Hey! There's a line, you know!" "Cutting in line like they own the place!" "Did you see that line-cutter? Unbelievable!"

Zuko ignored the soldier's grumbling as he pushed past them all. He had to reach the commanding officer of the 41st Division as quickly as possible. His success against the Avatar- and by extension- his own honour was on the line. And as he neared the tent, a sudden bout of self-doubt struck him. What if Khan wasn't there? What if he was busy right now? What if he said no? Zuko couldn't afford to waste any more time. He had to speak to the officer immediately. He finally arrived at the tent and pushed through the entrance. He found...

"YOU!" Zuko roared as he saw who was sitting languidly behind a table: The Kyoshi Warriors.

"You." the redheaded leader of the Kyoshi Warriors greeted him back.

Zuko growled. He could never forget these girls with their painted faces and green kimonos. Or that battle on Kyoshi Island. All that effort, entire weeks of tracking that Airbender, only for the Avatar slipped through his fingers like smoke! All because he was preoccupied by a band of girls playing at being actual warriors! He didn't know how they infiltrated the camp or why they were here, but he was going to settle the score once and for all. Fire daggers formed in Zuko's hands as he marched forward...

...only for the guards of the 41st Division to block the path with their spears.

"What are you doing?!" Zuko shouted. "They aided the Avatar! They're enemies of the Fire Nation!"

"Oh, haven't you heard, scar boy? We defected to the Fire Nation." she smugly asked. And the other Kyoshi Warriors joined in. Their smiles, just as smug as their leader's.

"Yup, we're fighting on the same side now!"

"Don't worry, the Kyoshi Warriors are here to win all the battles that you couldn't."

"Is that why you're here to audition for your band?"

"Looking to switch careers so that you can be the angry music boy instead?"​

"What are you talking ab-" Zuko realised that he was still holding the tsungi horn his uncle gave him. He tossed it aside, "I need to talk to Captain Khan. This is important."

"He's a Commander now." the redhead corrected. "But if it's about helping you capture the Aang, let me stop you right there and tell you that Khan's going to say no. He has a lot of places to be."

"I'm not going to accept that answer from you." Zuko growled, stepping forward to look the Kyoshi Warrior right in the eye, "So, I order you to take me to Commander Khan!"

"The name's Suki. And... you order us, huh?" the redhead hummed, her painted lips stretching into a sinister grin. And Zuko almost shivered at the sight, it reminded him too much of his sister, Azula. "Technically, we're not formally in the Fire Nation army."

"So that means that we don't have to follow your orders."

"Or take any bull pig from you."​

"But at the same time, we're also following the orders of someone who outranks you. Soo~"

"Tough"

"Fucking"

"Luck"

"Zuko."​

Zuko just groaned- massaging his temples, "You're all still mad about me almost burning down your village, aren't you?"

"You burned down my family's house!"

"You burned my aunt's house down!"

"And my uncle-in-law's house!"

"And the house of my first cousin once-removed!"
​
"Wait, was this the same spirits-damned house?!" Zuko exclaimed.

"Duh." Suki stuck her tongue. "It was the only house in the entire village that you managed to burn down before we could extinguish the flames."

"Well, it's not my fault you Earth Kingdom hicks are all so inbred!"

"Hey!"​

"Look, Zuko..." Suki looked him in the eye, "There is no way in a million years that Khan is going to let you order him and the 41st around the Four Nations chasing Aang. He's just not interested in the Avatar in the slightest. Currently at least."

"I don't want you or him tagging along." He growled back, "I just need the power of that Red Bull Elixir!"

"Oh? You mean these?" Suki teased as she and her cousins waved the liquid filled cans in his face. "Too bad. The only way you'll get these is by being in the 41st... or by winning the battle of the bands, because the winner of the grand prize also gets a crate-full of their drink of choice. Red Bull included."

"You have that much?" Zuko breathed in awe, and the other Kyoshi Warriors just looked unsure.

"Do we, Suki?"

"We have a couple of cases, but not a crate."

"Khan mentioned something about how hard it was to mix the proper chi additives on top of the base drink..."

"He'll have to make more when he comes back."​

"Okay, maybe we don't have that much." Suki shrugged, "The little that we have- we aren't about to give away for free. And if you can't even convince us, then here's no way in the underworld you would be able to sweet talk Khan. We know all about you from hanging out with Fire Nation soldiers: You don't have anything to offer. So, guys? Eject the prince here. The line behind him is getting long."

"Oh, I hope we get more pipa players!"

"No way! We already have too many of those! Maybe a percussionist duet?"

"I hope Khan gets home soon. He's the best kind of percussionist: the one who could stretch me out and bang me like a drum."

"Suki, focus!"

"Fine, I personally think we need more woodwinds in the competitions..."​

While the Kyoshi Warriors were engrossed in their back and forth, the 41st Division spearmen reached out to grab Zuko, but thinking quickly, he picked up the tsungi horn from the ground and warded them away with it as if it was some magic talisman, "Wait! I'm... here to audition for my band!"

That brought the Kyoshi Warriors' chattering to a halt as their attention was once again directed at him.

"We have better things to do than listen to you imitate a screeching hog-monkey. Toss him on his ass already!"

"And make sure he bounces!"​

"No, girls. Let him dig his hole deeper." Suki once again grinned as if she was Azula. And a wave of fear crawled over Zuko's body as the other five girls did the same. Like a pack of owl-cats that have found a little dying mouse to play with, they verbally pounced on him.

"Suki's right... We also only allow the best. We have an ear for music, did you know?"

"Where's the rest of your band, Zuko? We don't allow soloists."

"Maybe we should just give him an exception? Have him play in front of the whole base. All by himself."

"What even is the name of this band? Huh, Zuko?"​

Under the barrage of questions suddenly aimed at him, Zuko started to sweat, "Uh... my band name is..."

"The Singing Lotus Blossoms!" His uncle Iroh declared as the rest of the old farts walked in holding their own instruments, "Oh, nephew, I knew we could count on you! I thought you were about to do something reckless, but you just wanted to register the band yourself. All those years of inviting you to music night is finally paying off! You make me so proud!"

The heavy slap to his back and the sniffle of pride from his uncle only made things worse. Zuko just bowed his head lower so that they couldn't see his face burn with embarrassment.

"So, the Singing Lotus Blossoms, huh, Prince Zuko?" The Kyoshi Warriors chorused with amused giggles and chortles. Oh, the things he did to regain his honour...

"Yes... I'm Prince Zuko and we're... ugh... the Singing Lotus Blossoms."

The amused, Azula-like smiles of the six Kyoshi Warriors bore down on him, "Well, if you want a shot at winning that Red Bull, you'll have to impress us enough to let you in the contest. Play, little hog-monkey, let's hear what you've got!"

"Today, we will be playing... uh... 'Four Seasons.'"

"Good choice, nephew." His uncle whispered, "You paid attention to what we had been playing on music nights. I knew you cared!"

"Ugh..." Zuko groaned, he knew that they weren't going to win this, but they still had to try. After all, what was a little musical performance compared to acquiring the key to defeating the Avatar?

(A few hours Later)

Under a starry night sky, Zuko was locked in a staring contest with his worst enemy- their furious battle having shaken the entire military base of Pohuai. And now, they awaited judgement for the entire base to see. Zuko clenched his fists in anger.

Under a starry night sky, the military base of Pohuai stood witness to a fierce showdown between Zuko and his most formidable adversary. The echoes of their furious battle seemed to reverberated through the air still; and now, they awaited judgement for the entire base to see. Zuko's hands clenched with a mixture of anger and determination.

General Iroh, ever the wise mentor, placed a firm hand on Zuko's shoulder, his voice a calming whisper. "Don't let him provoke you, Zuko. Rise above his taunts. Be the better man."

"But, uncle-" Zuko began, his frustration evident.

"History will prove us to be in the right," Iroh reassured him, his eyes shining with unwavering faith. "You'll see."

Reluctantly, Zuko settled down, but his enemy did not. The lead singer of the other finalist band simply smirked with a smug smile. With the excellent range of the man's baritone voice and their extensive experience from countless music nights, the 41st Division's 2nd Infantry platoon had become a formidable force in the competition. Zuko's newly formed band, the Singing Lotus Blossoms, should have found them insurmountable. Yet, they held their own, stunning the crowd with Zuko's mesmerising performance on the tsungi horn.

And now, here they were.

On a performance stage, both the Singing Lotus Blossoms and the 41st Division's 2nd Infantry platoon- their best acapella singing group- stood tensely as the Kyoshi Warrior judges were huddled amongst themselves, trying to arrive at a final decision. The entire 3rd army was gathered before them in a single crowd, having witnessed their musical duel. Half the crowd chanted for the 41st, their original song "I'll Make a Man Out of You" still ringing in their ears, while the other half fervently supported the Singing Lotus Blossoms and their captivating rendition of the traditional "Work Shanty."

Suki, the lead judge, stood up and the crowd immediately hushed down, waiting with baited breath for the judge's verdict.

"And the winner of the first ever Fire Festival Battle of the Bands is...."

"The Singing Lotus Blossoms!"​

"We won?" Zuko's voice trembled with disbelief. He turned to his uncle, his eyes filled with sheer joy. "Uncle, we won! We actually won!"

"I can hardly believe it myself..." Iroh's face lit up with a smile, his eyes glistening with pride. He embraced Zuko tightly, overcome with emotion. "Oh, nephew! This is the happiest day of my life!"

Suki stepped forward, extending a small golden pipa trophy to Zuko. "You sure showed us, Zuko. You deserve this."

Zuko shook his head as he smiled, "I think my uncle should have the honour."

"Thank you, thank you so very much!" Iroh's voice quivered with gratitude as he accepted the trophy, tears welling in his eyes.

"Would you like to say a few words to your fans?" Suki smiled as she gestured to the jubilant crowd.

"Yes!" Iroh sniffled as he announced to the crowd. "I'd like to thank my band who practiced with me every music night. And I'd like to thank my nephew, and his stellar Tsungi horn performance so soul-stirring that it could make a painting weep from beauty!"

The crowd exploded into cheers, chanting his name.

"Zuko! Zuko! Zuko!"​

Zuko couldn't keep the smile off his face. Because for the first time in his life, he had the adoration of his fellow Fire Nation. Through his own merits and talent, he had earned their adoration. Their eyes looked upon him, not with scorn or disgust, but with respect and admiration as they cheered and clapped and whistled his victory.

No... he felt that was wrong. This wasn't the first time. Unbidden, a similar memory almost forgotten from its age came to the forefront, a memory of the times when he'd go out of the palace with his mother on those lazy summer days, much to the delight of the citizens of the Imperial city. They'd fawn over him, hand him fresh fruits and words of encouragement while his mother's laugh echoed in the background. He'd forgotten this feeling, this warmth. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad if he just-

"Well, here you go, Zuko." Suki said, handing him a small wooden crate, "Twenty-four cans. Don't drink them all at once!"

"What?" he squawked in confusion as he was abruptly torn from his reminiscing.

"The Red Bull prize that you entered the competition for?" Suki arched a puzzled eyebrow before turning to the crowd, "Postal costs are shouldered by the 41st Division! Please mention Khan and the 41st in your letters to friends and family!"

The crowd cheered behind him, but for Zuko, the world seemed to bleed away.

He just stood frozen, staring at the 24 four cans of that chi-enhancing elixir in his hands. That's right... he entered this music competition to get the elixir he needed to best the Avatar. What was he doing? He should be out there capturing the Avatar and regaining his honour! Not this Frustration and anger welling up inside him, he ripped the tsungi horn from his body and stormed off the stage with the case of Red Bull in tow.

"We have what we came for, Uncle." He all but growled as he passed his fat uncle by, "Let's go."

What?!" Iroh cried out in shock, "But Zuko, we're the toast of the base! We can't leave now. You need to allow yourself some time off. If you stay for just a day longer, you can see that-"

Zuko aimed an angry glare at the foolish old man who had dragged him into all this nonsense, "I said we're leaving! Gather up the crew, I want us gone within the hour!"

Without another word, Zuko stormed off toward his ship, his scar itching all the while. Regaining his lost honour was the only thing that mattered. Nothing else was important. Nothing.

(Later that night)

It was past midnight by the time we got back to the Pohuai naval base.

The night was calm and the luminous half moon shone down on the great Fire Nation cruisers- casting long shadows on the tents. There were a lot less campfires alight than one would expect from a Fire Nation base, but that was a good sign: Suki likely handed out the wines early on and now everyone was sleeping in a happy drunken stupor. Alcohol always made for very good publicity. Today has been a very productive day in terms of reputation points, and the proof of it was floating right before my eyes.

For being a very cooperative and helpful subordinate...
{Admiral Zhao} Reputation : 40 -> 45

+ R +​

All without him noticing the limping June as she snuck out of the riverboats and back to the 41st.

"Well, Khan..." Zhao yawned- stretching his sea legs off as we walked, "I look forward to fighting alongside you at the North Pole. I have to admit your plan for the Siege was inspired. Risky, but inspired."

"You mean your inspired plan." I corrected him, and the admiral's amber eyes lit up in delight. I had spent most of the night talking with the admiral, and now the older man was a lot more friendly now after [Siren's Voice] did its work and raised my Reputation with him by leaps and bounds. Because no matter which branch of the military you were in, it was a good idea to have someone higher up in rank to like you. Speedrunning the Zhao bromance route could only help me later on.

"Yes... I suppose it is 'my' plan." He chuckled, "Oh, if I had ten more divisions that could do what you're about to do, I would have won us this war a decade ago!"

"The 41st will win you the glory of taking Northern Water Tribe capital of Agna Qel'a or die trying... but imagine that the first one would be better for both of us."

"Indeed, it would!" the older man laughed, slapping my back.

Reputation check succeeded!
55/50 Reputation Required with {Admiral Zhao}​

"Listen... I'll have the appropriate ship captains notified of their new assignment, and they'll be prepared to cast off at the break of dawn. Officially, they're to ferry your division back to Imperial City. Unofficially, they're all but attached to your command now. Use them well."

I was stunned into silence. More than just heavily-armed and heavily-armoured goliaths that could hammer an earth Kingdom stronghold into rubble, this fleet was exactly what I needed to enact my plan to take Agna Qel'a. With these navy ships, the 41st Division could now ship goods directly to the capital... and other places. [Siren's Voice] was already paying off more than I could have ever imagined!

"Thank you for the generous gift, Zhao." I bowed in gratitude, "And I have one of my own as well. I'll have a few of my men leave a couple of small casks in your tent. Officially, they're clean mountain water. Unofficially..."

"They'll be filled to the brim with Red Bull..." Zhao whispered in wonder.

For giving him Red Bull...
{Admiral Zhao} Reputation : 45 -> 55​

"A fine gift, Commander. A fine gift indeed." He smiled, "The rest of the battlegroup will ship out for the Imperial Capital in the following days. You'll likely be one of the first to arrive there. So, please Send Crown Princess Azula my warmest regards, will you?"

"Of course, admiral." I nodded- reading the request hidden between the lines, "She and the Fire Lord will hear nothing but glowing remarks about you."

"Well, you didn't hear that request from me!" He laughed for a second before saluting. "Fair winds and following seas, Commander Khan."

"You as well, Admiral Zhao." I saluted back as he retired to his tent for the night.

As for myself, there was no time to rest just yet: I had a deadline to meet, and a quest to complete. I went to march over to the space in the port allotted to the 41st, but as I turned...

Spirit Check successful! (42/40 Spirit Required)​

Once again, I felt phantom eyes bored into the back of my head.

My armoured hand immediately went for my (Exquisite) [Steel Meteor Hammer]. The chain rattled as I whipped my head around, scanning the shadows that stretched ominously across the docks. Looking for that mysterious presence that had apparently followed me from upriver. I squinted, searching every possible hiding place: The shadowy sides of the tents away from the fires, the waters underneath the creaking Fire Nation cruisers and up the towering stacks of supply crates. Nothing again. Just the eerie stillness of a quiet port on a moonlit night.

How frustrating, and frankly, a bit intimidating. Threats that you can't see were always like that- you can never tell just how dangerous they were until they were right behind you. One would think it was a Spirit from how its detection was tied to the Spirit Stat. But I had no way to know for sure.

Spirit Check failed! (42/60 Spirit Required)​

So, unable to find it myself, I tried a different tactic this time: Diplomacy.

"I know you're there." My deep voice called out to the darkness around me, "I'm all alone at the moment, but you haven't attacked. So, you must want something other than my death. Why don't you reveal yourself, and you can tell me what it is that you want!"

I waited for an answer, but it did not come. My ears picked up nothing but the distant sounds of soldiers drunkenly singing, and the sea breeze rushing between the tents.

"Have it your way." I muttered in frustration as I continued with my march over to the 41st. If this elusive entity did not want to be found, then I truly could do nothing about it for now. I'll need to raise my Spirit Stat if I want to confront this mysterious being.

Though tense, the walk back didn't take long.

Unlike the rest of the port, there were no big tents and most of the 41st were in the midst of packing up for the long cruise home. Just as I had ordered them. And there, hanging around their own stagecoach was my honour guard of kunoichi girls. Sharp, vigilant eyes darted in my direction as soon as I turned the corner, and smiles erupted all around as they rushed over, swarming me with their green kimonos and snow-white face paints in wide smiles.

"Khan, you're back!" Suki hugged my waist. "You missed the party!"

"You held a party?" I echoed, "I was expecting a feast; but if it works, it works...."

"Yeah, it really did!" Suki chirped as she began listing events with her fingers, "We held our own Fire Days Festival, an ostrich-horse racing tournament, a meatbun eating contest, a battle of the bands! The last one was definitely the most popular! All the bands from the 3rd Army were great, but were better! Our 2nd infantry platoon blew everyone away with their rendition of 'I'll Make a Man out of you! Also, Zuko was here looking for you."

"Zuko is here?" I said archly.

The deuteragonist of the ATLA series required special care, him and his sister actually. But that was less about their own merits, and more about the people they knew: Azula was Fire Lord Ozai's favourite child, and Zuko was General Iroh's favourite nephew. Ozai and Iroh, two names that had a lot of political pull in the Fire Nation, and could make my life very difficult at this stage of my ambitions. Conversely, it can only help my cause if they like me; because, just as Zhao proved tonight, I can have a lot of perks and goodies thrown my way if someone likes me enough. My Reputation with the scarred, banished prince should be easy enough to raise with the help of [Siren's Voice].

"He already left." Suki said, dashing my hopes, "Took off to hunt for the Avatar as soon as he got what he wanted."

"Oh, that's a shame." I clicked my tongue. "I would have liked to meet the Exiled Prince of the Fire Nation."

"You didn't miss much." the redhead dismissed, "He earned his 'Angry Boy' nickname. Not much of a talker, but he definitely could play the tsungi horn, I'll give him that much."

Her sisters also agreed with that as they nodded.

"It's what got him the grand prize! I was going to score them lower just because it's Zuko but his uncle really could sing!"

"And that was the best tsungi horn solo I've ever heard!"

"Although, he didn't seem to like music despite how much music likes him."

"A real shame too."

"He should just quit trying to capture Aang and hold concerts! I'd pay to see him!"

My skull-faced helmet nodded, "So, you gave them the {Exquisite} instruments and what I can assume to be Red Bull? I suppose that's fine. Overall, a very expensive endeavour, but the rewards that come out of it are more than worth it."

For having a great number of Fire Nation soldiers write home about you, praising your generosity...
{Fire Nation} Reputation : 71 -> 75

+ R +

Quest:
A HERO'S TRIUMPHANT HOMECOMING

Main Objective: Arrive at the Imperial Capital within (9.5) Days
Secondary Objective: Have at least 75 {Fire Nation} Reputation upon arrival

Rewards:
Large bonus exp
Large Reputation increase with the {Azula}

Secondary Rewards:
Perk Point x2
Large Reputation increase with the {Firelord Ozai}
[Fire Nation War Hero] You're like a rockstar, but with war crimes! All entities with loyalties or sympathies for the Fire Nation start with +15 more Reputation; and +50% to Reputation and Affection gains with them. Stacks additively with [Siren's Voice]

+ R +​

"Yes, very much worth it." I smiled- patting their heads, "Good job, girls. Very good job!"

"Oh, we haven't even started our 'job' yet." Suki said with a coy smirk. Moving as one with her sisters as they stepped closer to me, "June didn't even do one and she got her treat, how is that fair?"

"June told you about it, huh?" I groaned, and the Kyoshi Warriors just grinned lustily.

"Nah... With a limp that screams 'My pussy is sore from sex' and a smile that says 'And I want to do it again' She didn't have to."

"You haven't touched us in three days, but you pounded that old hag the first chance you got? Way to make six girls jealous."

"But with the cruise, you'll have a lot of time to give us lots of attention, hmm?"

"Hey, Khan?" Suki purred- pressing her soft, busty body closer as she looked up at me with her round blue eyes, "I lost my panties, can you come over to my tent and help me find them?"

"Suki! You cheating slut! That wasn't part of the plan!"

"Yeah, we were supposed to wear matching lingerie tonight!"

"What happened to Kyoshi Warrior camaraderie and doing everything as one?!"

Suki stuck her tongue out at them, "All's fair in love and war and getting pounded into the mattress by our big Fire Nation giant!"​

"Fine..." I answered- much to the Kyoshi Warriors' surprise, "The admiral has given us a list of ships for the 41st to take. Once you're all packed up, I want you to pick out the fastest and a large enough room to convert into our bedroom. The sooner we cast off, the sooner we can... celebrate our early departure."

And I was only half lying too. I figure that if I tire them out enough on the first day, I might be able to get more reading time while they're in a sex-induced stupor. And all I had to do was rile them up to a frenzy where they'll... overexert themselves. Removing my gauntlets for the moment, I reached out and relished in their squeak of surprise as I pulled them closer. Pressing their soft nubile bodies against the warm metal of my armour.

"I'm in a good mood, and I feel like taking it out on all of you." I ran my hand across the six lovely ladies... grabbed handfuls of their soft flesh, "We have ten days to ourselves after all, and for once, I'm not going to go easy on you."

At that declaration, the six Kyoshi Warriors melted as my hands roamed their bodies- whimpering like kittens, rubbing their thighs together and grinding themselves against me. Blushing heavily that the heat could be felt through their face paints as I kissed them one by one, and panting with desire as I let go of them.

"Stupid sexy Khan... winding us up like this..."

"I-I'm so wet right now."

"Maybe Suki had the right idea after all, I think my panties are going to squelch with every step."

"See?!" Suki grinned at her sisters. "Heh, and you all thought that purple lace was going to work better than the old 'I'm naked under my clothes.' "

"We're all naked under our clothes, you dumb hippo-cow!"

"Can it, you two! We have to pack up and ship out immediately. I feel like I'm going to pop!"

"Khan, let's hold our own music contest, you can stretch me out and bang me like a drum all night long!"

"Hey, you're stealing my material!"

"Like you said, Suki. All's fair in love and war and getting pounded into the mattress by our big Fire Nation giant!"

"Last one to our new love suite on the ship has to watch everyone else go first!"​

The six of them broke into a run to get things ready for the cruise back to the Fire Islands. Still bickering all the while. And with the Kyoshi Warriors running off, I went to get the last companion on my list.

I marched over to the quiet part of the dock.

And there, standing at the edge of the stone pier was my last companion, a lone cloaked figure who stood at the water's edge- staring into the calm ocean horizon to the west. The slender silhouette, enough to tell everyone that she was a woman, but very few knew that she was more than just one. My seven-foot-tall frame stopped to stand beside her- beside the assassin that almost killed me.

"Yor, we have our ships." I spoke. "It's time to get your daughter back. As discussed, we leave at-"

"You do?!" The raven-haired woman launched herself into a hug around my waist, "Thank you, thank you, thank you!"

For actively keeping your promise...

{Yor Briar} Reputation : 48 -> 51​

"You're... welcome..." I hesitantly patted her slender back, "Come on, you can fill me in on the status of our supplies as we walk. And... what is that for?"

"Oh this?" She held up a small plushie of an ostrich-horse and smiled softly, "Whenever I went out on a mission that took me away from Anya, I'd always pick up a toy for her from the place I did my mission from."

"That's sweet of you. I take it that little Anya likes them?"

"Yes!" She beamed, "Anya always looks so cute when I give her the toy and her eyes light up. We always have a tea party where her older toys greet their newest family.' She almost filled her entire bed with them the last time I saw it!"

"I see..." I muttered, "Your daughter is lucky to have a mother as thoughtful as you."

"You think so?"

"Yes."

Actually no, but I wasn't about to say that to her face. Her child has a plush-toy collection that acted as a bloody tally of all her kills. If Yor was an airhead, I'd just pass it off as obliviousness. But I knew that this was only acting like one, she was parading her murderous nature to her child, likely in an effort to raise... What a frightening woman. I should put in more effort to raise her reputation.

I turned my gaze on the plush toy in her hands.

(Common) [Ostrich-Horse Plushie]
The toy ostrich-horse is just large for a small child to wrap their arms around it. Its soft avian body is made of and stuffed with cotton. Its eyes are small ashwood buttons and its pale-yellow beak is carved from sapwood. Its legs are mere flaps of cloth, unable to support the toy's weight.​

"The craftsmanship on that plushie isn't that great." I told her, "If you want, I can make a better one for Anya."

"You would do that?! Thank you, Khan!" She grinned, falling into step beside me and linking our arms together. "I'm sure Anya would appreciate it!"

For being sweet for her daughter...

{Yor Briar} Reputation : 51 -> 53​

Yor paused however, glancing back to the ocean that we were about to cross. Her blood-red eyes almost glowing from their intensity as she looked back towards the horizon and whispered one last promise.

"Don't worry, Anya. Mama's coming to the rescue..." ​

AN:

This chapter *still* occurs during the episode... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 16 - The Deserter). Taking place after (Bato of the Water Tribe) and right before (The Northern Air Temple).

There's a lot of Zuko... Because I can't just write off the deuteragonist of canon ATLA so abruptly. Trust me, it's going to be a wholesome send off for Zuko. Also, Khan is going to do his hot mother, so he's owed a good alternative character arc at least.

About the Lieutenant... I was originally planning on having her be Lieutenant Visha from 'Youjo Senki' but people seem to like the idea of her being Kobeni from 'Chainsaw Man'. I'll just put it up to vote after the next chapter, until then, suggest people?

Next up is the Anya and Azula chapter... two daughters of two very dangerous people. One of those meetings is going to have someone burned alive, and it's going to be so *funny*.
Last edited: Jun 5, 2023
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:IEatCrayons, Ghjikl, Lumiere_DB and 1,702 others
Infonticus
Jun 4, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks A Slaughter on the High Seas
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Jun 16, 2023
Add bookmark
#1,717
Chapter 11: A Slaughter on the High Seas
= G =​

Dear Gardener Hyacinth,

We hope this letter finds you in good health. I am writing to discuss an important matter that requires your attention and immediate action as it falls within your Garden's area of operations.

Our humble organisation has recently been made aware that the Thorn Princess not only persists in her existence, but has decided to... pursue employment within a company in a similar industry, namely the Fire Nation's now infamous 41st Division. This is unfortunately a flagrant breach of our mutual arrangement with her. Moreover, she has discovered the location of her non-liquid asset, and her arrival at port to retrieve her is now imminent.

Given recent developments in the political landscape, our organisation cannot accomplish asset relocation within Fire Nation borders inside this demanding time frame.

To address this, we hereby instruct you to engage reputable (or equivalent) third-party contractors who possess the necessary expertise in maritime operations. These contractors should be capable of skillfully delaying the arrival of our beloved Thorn Princess' ship at the designated port, providing us with the additional time required (seven more days at minimum) to complete the relocation of our non-liquid asset and regain the necessary leverage for the Thorn Princess' continued employment with us.

Let us make ourselves very clear:

Confidentiality is paramount.

Your Garden's involvement is not to be discovered until the non-liquid asset is relocated.

We shall trust your judgement in selecting the appropriate contractors for this task, and in your Garden's abilities in ensuring that discretion with the contractors is thoroughly maintained at the conclusion of this operation. Also, kindly note that Captain Li's fleet and all souls aboard (including but not limited to, Commander Khan and the Avatar's former associates) have all been appraised to not only be acceptable levels of collateral damage, but encouraged levels of collateral damage for the purpose of maintaining a high level of confidentiality regarding our involvement in this matter.

We understand that this task may pose certain challenges, but we have full confidence in your Garden's abilities to handle this responsibility promptly and diligently. Thank you for your commitment and professionalism in handling this matter.

Yours sincerely,
Director Shopkeeper

= G =​

= G =​

Dear esteemed director,

The third-party contractors have been dispatched with the appropriate precautions for discretion in place. We hope to send flowers of good tidings to you soon.

Respectfully yours,
Gardener Hyacinth

= G =​


[Mo Ce Sea - East of Fire Islands]

The sun was warm, the sky was blue and the seas were calm as their Fire Nation cruiser sailed across its waters, passing lush islands by. And it was on this beautiful day that Suki shambled onto the main deck like the walking dead.

"Ah... hello, mister sun." She squinted blearily up at the sky, holding up her hand against the sun's gentle rays, "Your rejuvenating glow is too powerful."

Her ceremonial Kyoshi Warrior regalia hung messily on her slender shoulders, and with every tentative step she took, Suki winced- her legs still feeling like jelly. Her Kyoshi Warrior sisters were in no better shape either: all five of them were also squinting, shuffling and wincing in their armoured green kimonos as they followed behind her. The two whole days of staying inside with Khan had pushed their bodies to the limit; and Suki felt that if the first sex-filled month they had travelled with Khan hadn't ruined them for other men, the last two days of sheer animalistic mating had definitely sealed the deal.

"Sisters..." Suki mumbled, her voice still raspy from last night's exertion, "... focus together... ugh... we need to do at least some training."

Her sisters could only muster a half-hearted groan in response.

"Why can't we still take on Khan? I thought that stupid sex manual we read would give us the edge..."

"I don't think the author accounted for someone with Khan's stamina... or girth."

"And I'm pretty sure we invented some positions that we can add to it."

"Yeah, sex for two days straight sounds great in theory, but that's been just disproved... my source: my sore pussy."

"Worth it."

"Definitely worth it. I'd want a repeat performance... After my everything stops throbbing."

"Same. Sex on a ship is really, really good. I might just get hooked on this..."​

"Yeah, I'd go again if I could..." Suki glanced back at the ship's towering superstructure. Even now, there was the tiny lewd voice in the back of her mind, telling her to go back inside, shake her dripping holes in her insatiable lover's face and keep on going until her mind breaks and her belly is packed full with his seed. Suki shook her head clear and glanced at her sisters, "But we're Kyoshi Warriors- Avatar Kyoshi's deadly blades in the dark- not bed pets. And we should not and will not allow ourselves to dull. Sisters, as one!"

Her sisters nodded, standing up straighter and prouder.

"As one!"​

They drew their [Kyoshi Katanas]. The slender blades keened as if in a chorus, then glinted in bright arcs of polished metal as Suki and her sisters practiced their bladework in perfect synchronisation. The Tiger-Shark's Jaw, the Swooping Crane-Fish, the Rising Antlers of the Sabre-tooth Moose Lion. Kata after consecutive kata, they executed even with weak legs. Small injuries that distract and sap focus could prove lethal on the battlefield, and that's why Suki and her sisters trained for it. Ironically, Khan was their main advocate for that little tidbit of wisdom, pushing them to be better and training them accordingly.

And just as they finished the last kata, a slow clap filled the air.

Suki and her sisters turned to see the bounty hunter, June, walking onto the main deck with her massive shirshu. Dressed in her usual dark red riding leathers and with her black hair curtained over one eye, the older woman cut a distinct figure as she approached.

"The big bad Kyoshi Warriors...." June smirked at them, "I'm surprised you're all up and about with pelvises intact. The boat's been rocking all day yesterday from your celebrations. Tea?"

"Says the coward." Suki shot back. "We could have taken on Khan if you'd have just joined. And yes, tea would be nice."

"Not my thing, those... 'group activities.'" June shrugged, laying out cushions on the metal deck for them to sit on, "I like having a man all to myself."

"Pfft. You always act so tough." Suki rolled her eyes as she and her sisters helped set up the table and kettle, "But I saw you cuddling with him in the afterglow- practically purring in his arms. For a big bad bounty hunter with snake tattoos, skull motif and heavy eyeliner, you really can't get enough of that lovey dovey stuff, huh?"

June's coal black eyes narrowed at Suki and her sisters as they sat down. She hissed, "You didn't see anything."

"Sure. Whatever you say, June~" Suki imitated the laid back vibrato of the bounty hunter back at her.

June just leaned back onto the furry flank of her Shirshu- using it as a backrest as she half-heartedly glared at Suki.

It was a... cordial working relationship. But it was less about how both of them were sleeping with their boss, and more about how they simply don't like each other's guts. Suki believed that bounty hunters like June were just opportunistic buzzard-wasps with not an ounce of loyalty in their entire bodies, meanwhile June thought that the Kyoshi Warriors were just 'young, naive fisherwomen with delusions' for the war. But Khan said to 'get along'; so, 'get along' they did. As much as they could at least.

"Your form is decent." June mentioned off-handedly- making Suki raise an auburn eyebrow.

"You use a whip. How would you know?"

The bounty hunter smiled her usual smile of smug self-confidence into her teacup, "When you've ridden across the entire Earth Kingdom twice-over like me, you pick up a few things; and one of those is an eye for bladework. And I gotta say, Suki, your master must have been one tough mother. I wouldn't have guessed there'd be a hidden master all the way down in Kyoshi Island."

Suki shared a glance with her sisters before looking back at June. "We didn't have a master- Khan taught us."

"Khan taught you? In just a month or two?" June raised a thin dark eyebrow, and Suki nodded back.

"Yeah, and he's scarily good at it. With a lot of weapons." She said, with her sisters adding on after.

"And it's already so much more than we had ever hoped to learn."

"We had given up hope that we'd ever find a katana master to teach us."

" The katana is already a rare weapon, and living masters of its arts are rarer."

"But our variant, the [Kyoshi Katana], is even rarer than that!"​

"But ancient orders like you Kyoshi Warriors... didn't you have a previous generation to teach you all that?" June brought up, and Suki and her sisters looked down into their tea cups.

"Most of them..." She said sadly, "...passed away in a great typhoon a few years back before they could finish teaching us."

"...I'm sorry for your loss." June raised her teacup. Suki appreciated the sentiment.

"I had been worried that our ancient ways would die with us." Suki admitted in a small voice, "Even the previous generation of Kyoshi Warriors were already no experts on it- the martial arts and traditions handed to us by Kyoshi herself had already faded so much over the centuries...."

The Kyoshi Warriors... ending not because of some honorable battle where they made a heroic last stand, but because they had let their traditions and way of life be forgotten. The most shameful end to any culture.

Suki pursed her lips, "That's why the Kyoshi Warriors owe Khan more than we could ever repay."

"So, Khan pieced an entire fighting style together from the thousands of books he's read?" June said, adding an impressed whistle at the end.

"Yup, that's the power of books, I guess!" Suki laughed for a bit, and her sisters laughed alongside her.

"Not like Suki would know. All her text scrolls are covered in her own drool from when she fell asleep reading them!"

"Hey! Don't tell people that!"

"But yeah, Khan often even practises with a [Kyoshi Katana] with us!"

"Pretty embarrassing to get our butts kicked by a guy with our own weapon!"

"But we win most of the time though!"

"Khan's a good sport when it comes to sparring with different weapons."

"Yeah... The Kyoshi Warriors owe Khan a lot..."

"He spoils us a lot too..."​

"Maybe we should start a library back on Kyoshi Island in his honour!"​

Suki smiled. Who knew that their captor would be just the teacher they needed to revive their traditions? Yeah... It was good that they were captured. If it was anyone else, they would not have tried to steer Khan to be a force of good as much as she had.

"You girls have it bad for him." June shook her head, but her words lacked any bite. Her small smile said to Suki that she couldn't blame them for liking Khan- betraying her own fondness for their employer/lover.

"Yeah, we could have gone for worse Fire Nation Captains to get captured by." Suki replied with a fond smile as well. "So, what about you, June? How-"

"- How'd I get into bounty hunting?" the older woman just rolled her eye- the one that wasn't covered by her dark bangs- at what was no doubt a question that she was asked far too many times, "Raised by my old man, took me with him while he hunted bounties, taught me everything I know, kicked the bucket a decade-and-a-half back, and left me nothing but Nyla here. Good heart-to-heart talk, Suki."

She scratched the furry orange and brown bulk of the Shirshu she was leaning on. And the shirshu snorted as if laughing- kicking the metal deck like a massive dog getting its belly rubbed.

Suki just smiled again as she sipped her tea. She guessed that was the most she was going to get from the prickly bounty hunter. But stopped when she noticed someone standing in the corner of her eye.

"What's her story?" Suki asked, her blue eyes settling on the cloaked figure standing at the bow of the ship. The sun's golden rays bathed the mysterious woman, accentuating her red silhouette against the vast expanse of the blue ocean.

June stopped petting Nyla as her gaze followed Suki's, and she nodded slowly.

"Do you know why she targeted Khan?"

"You mean Khan was her target?!" June hissed, her voice in a slightly hysterical glint. "He actually fought the Thorn Princess, and he's still alive?!"

Suki furrowed her brows in confusion, "Of course, he's still alive. He fought her during Omashu, and won with only a small scratch on his chest. What's the big deal?"

"The big deal..." June said slowly like explaining to a child, "...is that she's an assassin that's become infamous."

"I don't know what that means-"

"Kid... To get that famous in that line of business, you either have to have been doing it for a long time, killed someone very important like an Earth King, or..." June paused, her coal black eye glancing back to Yor, "...Killed enough people to build a mountain with their corpses."

Stunned with disbelief, Suki couldn't imagine shy and gentle Yor being that, and even Suki's sisters couldn't believe it either as they spoke up.

"But Yor sounds so sweet and gentle!"

"We know Khan is tough, but Yor doesn't even seem to be a very good assassin."

"Yeah, we thought she was just forced into the business or something!"

"She doesn't seem that good at hiding either."​

June just scoffed at that last comment.

"Yor is the type of assassin who's stealthy because no one is left alive to say they saw her. And the places that she's hit..." The well-travelled bounty hunter stopped herself, shaking her head as she cradled her teacup. "Trust me, the Thorn Princess is the stuff of nightmares, and her reputation is well-earned. Khan must be made of some serious bullpig if he can fight her off."

Suki pursed her lips as she turned her attention back to the enigmatic figure at the ship's bow. The Thorn Princess remained motionless, red cloak swaying in the breeze and her eyes fixed on the distant horizon. It was just hard to see Yor being that person.

*boom!*

An explosion reverberated from the bowels of the ship, abruptly halting the Fire Nation cruiser's speed until it was dead in the water. The shrill wails of alarm bells pierced the air, signalling imminent but unknown danger.

"What's going o- No...." Suki stood up, her blue eyes wide and her hand subconsciously gripping her katana until her knuckles were white. looking over June's shoulder, Suki could see them too: A stolen Fire Nation Cruiser followed by a couple of wooden ones. The signature black flags of pirates waving high atop their masts. Suki knew them well, "The Black Koi Pirates...."

"You know them?" June arched her brow.

"They usually operate in the southern seas." Suki ground her teeth, "We had a run in with them before we left Kyoshi Island. I thought that was the last we've seen of them, but..."

"Here they are again... definitely not your lucky day." the older woman snorted. "We need to warn Khan."

"Sounds good." Suki nodded before shouting at the resident assassin, "Yor! We're under attack by pirates, we have to find Khan!"

"Those are pirates?!" Yor briefly glanced at the ships in the distance before nodding, "I understand!"

Suki nodded before glancing at June, "We'll regroup with Khan and he'll know what our next move is. Yor can- Wait, where'd she go?!"

The bow of the ship where she was standing just a moment ago was empty.

"Forget about her! The Thorn Princess can handle herself" June barked, her tone commanding. "Our priority now is finding the boss!"

Suki nodded with a determined look, "Khan's probably up on the bridge with Captain Li by now!"

Let it not be said that the Kyoshi Warriors hesitated from a fight. She and her five sisters broke into a sprint, green kimonos fluttering as they sprinted back inside to climb the stairway to the bridge... only to be greeted by the red-armoured form of the Lieutenant as she headed down the stairs with the contingent of the 41st Division that was stationed on this ship.

"Lieutenant!" Suki urgently called out, hopeful desperation tinged her voice. "Khan's up on the bridge with Captain, right?"

"No, he wasn't!" the Lieutenant hurriedly responded. "The Commander was in the engine room when the boiler exploded!"

Suki's blue eyes flew wide open. "Well, what are we waiting for?! We have to go help him!"

Without a moment's hesitation, they rushed down the stairs below deck- deeper into the iron belly of the cruiser. The metallic corridors pulsed with an eerie red glow, intensifying the urgency of the situation. The incessant shrill of alarm bells echoed through the passageways, serving as a constant reminder of the perilous circumstances they faced.

'Spirits, don't let him be hurt...'

(Two hours ago) [The Engine Room]

Deep in the iron belly of our Fire Nation cruiser, my seven-foot-tall armoured bulk stood, staring at the great coal-fired steam engine that was the roaring heart of the ship.

The [Chei Steam Engine Mk. IV] was a massive thing, a great rumbling metal barrel perforated with a sprawling network of pipes and practically the size of a small suburban home as it took up the entire midship. The grumble of its boiler and the pound of its pistons echoed throughout the entire hold. Long years of shovelling coal into the boiler's ever-hungry gullet had stained the metal floor black with soot and coal dust, and filled the engine room with the pungent scent of machine oil. And I could feel the floor vibrate through my armoured boots each time a gas-masked engineer fed a shovel-full of coal into the engine's metal mouth.

The steam engine was a marvel of technology, the brain-child of a Fire Nation inventor and a Southern Water Tribe shipwright back in the days of Avatar Roku. It allowed the Fire Nation to make a journey across the seas in half the time it took for ordinary sailboats, and ultimately, was the reason why the Fire Nation was even able to wage its war of conquest.

This was the invention that had- without exaggeration- changed the face of the world forever...

My armoured fist seized the brass speaking tube from the wall, "Captain Li, we're going too slowly! How do I make this ship go faster?"

"But, commander, we have already made excellent time!" the captain's incredulous voice echoed from the tube. "If we maintain this speed, we can resupply at Toujin Island and arrive at the Imperial Capital in eight and a half days!"

"Not good enough. I want us at the capital in eight days flat." I growled into the speaking tube. I did not come all this way just to fail this quest of mine, all because I was a little tardy.

Quest:
A HERO'S TRIUMPHANT HOMECOMING

Main Objective: Arrive at the Imperial Capital within (8) Days
Secondary Objective: Have at least 75 {Fire Nation} Reputation upon arrival

Rewards:
Large bonus exp
Large Reputation increase with the {Azula}

Secondary Rewards:
Perk Point x2
Large Reputation increase with the {Firelord Ozai}
[Fire Nation War Hero] You're like a rockstar, but with war crimes! All entities with loyalties or sympathies for the Fire Nation start with +15 more Reputation; and +50% to Reputation and Affection gains with them. Stacks additively with [Siren's Voice]

+ R +​

"Sir, I regret to inform you that the speed you demand is impossible from this proud vessel. The boiler simply doesn't burn hot enough to produce the steam required for that, sir."

"So, you're saying this engine's output is too weak?" I furrowed my brows.

Captain Li, feeling compelled to defend his ship's honour, replied in a measured tone, "Sir, with all due respect, this vessel is one of the fastest in the Western Fleet. You will be hard-pressed to find another class of cruiser in the Fire Nation that can perform as admirably as this one already does."

"... Very well, captain." I conceded with sigh, "You know the limits of your vessel best. Maintain our current speed and heading. Notify me once Toujin Island is in sight. I'll see if I can't lend my expertise here in the engine room."

"Will do, commander."

I glanced back at the boiler. I can't wait to peruse the military archives. Hopefully, I'm high ranking enough to be able to request all the blueprints and user manuals of all the Fire Nation war engines. Our momentary stop at Toujin Island to pick up Yor's daughter and resupply our coal bunkers might be my chance to make some minor improvements to the boiler. Maybe I can do something about it with my {Smithing} skill? Except, as I looked at the boiler, the skill didn't activate- nothing that made a window pop up to enumerate details like it did with armour and weapons. Odd, but it was also possible that it was governed by a different skill-

Intelligence Check failed!
11/20 Intelligence required to unlock {Engineering} Skill​

Damn it all! Of course, the skill that I desperately needed was locked behind the Intelligence Stat.

However, I knew it was possible to do it without the {Engineering} skill. I wasn't a stupid man, not in my previous life and certainly not now. I can still recall both my fluid mechanics and material sciences. If I put my mind to it, there is a good chance that I can engineer the next technological iteration and upgrade coal-powered steam engines to oil-powered ones. The world of Avatar would be one step closer to the modern age. But, there was one big caveat: I had to do it like a regular human and put in years of research and development to hammer out the engineering the hard way. No Gamer System to fill in the blanks, give me easy answers and enhance my items like {Smithing} does.

Unacceptable, I needed to pick up Yor's daughter and get to the capital within 8 days. But then, an idea struck me: If I cannot use my Intelligence Stat to hasten our voyage, then what about my other abilities?

I grabbed the speaking tube again. "Captain, can we supplement the coal with firebending?"

"That is... not unheard of, sir." his voice echoed with a pondering tone, "However, that would need a complement of powerful firebenders to maintain a high enough boiler temperature all throughout the voyage. It is exhausting and monotonous work. The Fire Nation Navy has deemed Navy Firebenders too valuable to be assigned to such drudgery."

Under my skull helm, I rolled my eyes at how Fire Nation Navy Firebenders were so pampered compared to their Fire Nation Army. But I could somewhat understand: The Fire Nation Army had an almost monopoly on firebenders. Powerful soldiers should be out there fighting the enemy, Fire Nation Command reasoned. Not cruising around and sitting on their rears for months on end. The scant few Firebenders that the Navy did have were a valuable commodity. Fine, if those dainty Navy Firebenders were too spoiled and feeble to step up, I'll just call upon my own.

"The firebenders of the 41st Division are both numerous and strong enough to propel us day and night." I informed Captain, "We'll accept them onboard as soon as we make port at Toujin Island. By royal decree, I am to personally arrive at the Imperial City post haste."

"By my honour, you will, Commander." Captain Li respectfully replied through the brass speaking tube, "Toujin Island should be appearing over the horizon by tomorrow, sir. We will conduct the transfer then."

"In the meantime, I'll try my hand at supplementing the boiler myself."

"Sir, this work usually requires more than one Firebender to effect-"

But my great armoured frame was already stepping away from the speaking tube. I passed by the gas-masked engineers to stop in front of the reinforced metal mouth of the boiler. The intense heat radiating from it in palpable waves as roaring flames consumed coal at a staggering rate.

For being an unkillable badass and earning her respect...
{June} Reputation: 65 -> 70
{June} Obedience: 50 -> 70​

... I'll have to ask what that's all about later.

Aiming my focus back towards the flames, I inhaled deeply and focused all my Spirit on the flames... cradling it with my will and folding the heat into itself.

It was an obscure type of Firebending exercise. But I knew for a fact that Aang had performed it with Jeong-jeong: Holding a leaf with a smouldering hole at the centre, he had to keep the fire from burning outwards. The principle was the same here, but on a larger scale: keeping the heat inside the boiler to ensure that it doesn't radiate outwards. And as I performed the exercise, it seemed to work- the rolling waves of heat seemed to stop while the rumble of the engine grew louder.

"Commander Khan, sir?" A gas-masked engineer holding the speaking tube called out to me, "Captain Li wishes to relay that we're getting an extra knot of speed."

"Tell him that I'll hold it for as long as I can." I smiled in relish. When technology falters, the spirit will prevail.

Spirit Check Failed!
42/75 Spirit Required to unlock [Sozin Style]

+ R +

[Firebending: Sozin Style]
???

A fabled and long lost Firebending style from 99 years ago. With no living Fire Nation practitioner of this style remaining, and mysteriously, no manuals left to describe its nature or training, this style has receded into the realm of myth and legend. Each of the Fire Islands have their own folklore of this firebending style, and each one contradicts another. However, there is only one detail that they all agree upon: That the [Sozin Style] was one of the most feared and powerful Firebending styles to ever scar the face of the world.

Bending Style Proficiency: Locked
???

+ R +​

Now, that is interesting.

Once again, the Gamer System supplies me with information that I would otherwise not have gotten. The description of [Firebending: Classical Azulon Style] had hinted to the Sozin Style's existence, but I had been struggling to find the right bending manual to unlock it or even find a history book that details its existence. I had thought that it was because none was to be found in the Earth Kingdom, but apparently even in the Fire Islands, it has gone extinct. For mysterious reasons nonetheless.

A firebending style borne from the power of Sozin's Comet. And the first steps to learning it was from an obscure firebending exercise described by Jeong-jeong, a member of the White Lotus... I wouldn't be surprised if that exclusive club of ancient, Pai Sho-playing old geezers had bending manuals of the [Sozin Style]. But right now, the style lay far beyond my Spirit Stat. But still... that firebending style must be incredibly powerful if I needed almost twice the amount of Spirit I had just to meet its minimum requirements. Perhaps-

*thump*

-Wait. That sounded like something hit the hull. I didn't have any more time to react before the steam engine began rumbling and squealing and-

*BOOM!*

* Critical Hit! * [Water Tribe Tangle Mine], -157 hp
HP: 1050 -> 983​

The steam engine exploded in my face, blowing me off my feet and making my steel armour scraped against the soot-stained floor with a shriek of metal. Alarms bells rang as the world around me blurred in a haze of smoke and chaos. The sound of rushing water filled the air. My instincts kicked in, and I swiftly climbed to my feet and barked out orders to the crew.

"Someone, damage report!" I shouted... to the shredded corpses of the engineers, their shirtless frames torn up from the shrapnel of the exploding steam engine. I had likely only survived because I was wearing my armour. "Should've worn some helmets."

Growling in frustration, I rushed over to the brass speaking tube and bellowed into it. "Captain Li, I believe we hit a Water Tribe tangle mine! The steam engine exploded from overpressure!"

"Commander Khan?! That sound... Are we taking in water?!"

I glanced back at the new holes in our ship's hull and down to the half-inch of water around my boots, "Yes, about two breaches the size of a human fist. All well below the waterline."

The captain was silent for a moment, but I could hear the sounds of panicked shouting heard in the background before he returned with graver news, "Sir... we have a new development just now. We now know who was responsible for the mine: we're spotting a pirate fleet on an intercept course with us!"

"Pirates?!" I repeated in sheer disbelief, "We have the most powerful naval fleet in the world. How are there still pirates in Fire Nation waters?! Attacking a navy warship of all things?!"

"They've become bolder, sir!" He shouted back, panic in his voice as he undoubtedly watched the pirate fleet draw closer, "Between Admiral Zhao's muster for the Siege in the North and our main battle line advancing from the fall of Omashu in the west, our supply lines and patrols have been stretched dangerously thin for the past month or so!"

"Bah! Do we have the tools and resources to repair the steam engine quickly?"

"Sir, the pirate fleet is approaching with a hijacked Fire Nation Navy cruiser and four junks! I believe we have more pressing matters to-"

"Damn the pirates! We'll be slaughtering them to the man anyway! Can this ship still make the journey?!"

"I'm sorry, sir. But no." Captain Li mournfully replied, "The chain pumps can keep her afloat, but she's dead in the water and she'll need to be towed into a dry dock for repairs. You will need to wait for the rest of the fleet and continue your voyage back to Imperial Capital on one of their ships."

If I fail this quest, Sokka and Katara will have to mourn for their dead father after I kill him for both inventing these tangle mines and making enough of them to proliferate on the black market. But then, a spark of inspiration hit me! I spoke into the speaking tube again, "Wait... Captain Li, did you say that the pirates have a 'hijacked Fire Nation Navy cruiser?'"

"Sir... you can't be thinking of..."

New Quest:
AVATAR'S CREED IV: THE BLACK FLAG

Main Objective: Hijack the pirate's hijacked Fire Nation Navy Cruiser
Secondary Objective: Hijack the (0/4) Pirate Junks

Rewards:
Large bonus exp
Slight Reputation increase with {Yor Briar}

Secondary Rewards:
Rare Item x 1
Slight Reputation increase with {Admiral Zhao}
Slight Reputation increase with the {Fire Nation}

+ R +​

What a way to make what I was already thinking of doing is very worth it!

"Captain, make ready all the riverboats you have." I said, feeling an eager grin grow underneath my skull-faced helm, "Now... where are my Kyoshi Warriors? We have a ride to catch."

And as if on queue, they arrived, storming into the engine room in their armoured green kimonos.

"Khan!" Suki greeted me with a relieved smile on her painted face, "I knew you'd be okay!"

"And so are you all." I observe, sweeping my gaze across the gathered forces streaming into the room: The Kyoshi Warriors, June, and a squad of {Fire Nation Raiders} led by the Lieutenant. "Where's Yor?"

Suki answered, "We don't know where she went!"

Wonderful. The super assassin was running around, undetected and with unknown intentions.

Yor swam under the tranquil waters. A school of playful koala-otters frolicking underwater beside her- twitching their curious snouts at her as they mistook her black dress for a friendly puffin-seal and were mesmerised by the shiny brass roses of her headband.

The sun shone through the surface of the calm seas, illuminating well into the inky black depths below.

She was grateful that it was so sunny- swimming underwater in the nighttime seas often ended with her getting on the wrong island or ship. Now, she could see her target clearly in the distance- a ship hull, partially visible beneath the waves. She figured that she only needed to hold her breath for only three more kilometres and she'll reach the ship without being spotted. Because if these pirates were an obstacle that were stopping them from reaching Anya, then there was really only one thing to do: Remove them.

From the mortal coil.

I shook my head.

"We'll search for Yor later!" I muttered before turning my attention over to the rest of them to dispense their orders, "June, we'll come back for you, your shirshu is too large for this maneuver. Lieutenant, gather the entire 1st Infantry platoon, and meet us at the aft docking bay! We'll be claiming our new ships from those pirates!"

The lieutenant raised her hand, "Sorry, sir. They didn't teach us navy talk in bootcamp. The 'aft', sir?"

"Yes, lieutenant, the ass of the ship! Now, get your ass moving!"

"Yes, sir!" She saluted before relaying her own orders to her squad, "You heard the Commander! Spread out! Round up the rest of the platoon in the hold, the mess hall and the three barracks. Tell them to double time it to the aft docking bay! GO!"

With everyone having their orders, we made our way to the rear of the ship- rushing through the cramped, red-lit halls of the cruiser until we ended up in the aft docking bay. Sunlight streamed in as the entire aft of the ship had been opened up to the sea. Four squat riverboats with their blocky silhouettes were already lowered and afloat in the waves. The rest of the 41st Division contingent soon arrived behind us: An 'infantry' platoon of {Fire Nation Raiders} with the bows and dao swords that I had crafted back in Omashu.

"1st Infantry Platoon, all present and accounted for, sir!" the Lieutenant saluted as all fifty of them stood at attention. The Kyoshi Warriors were standing at the sides as well.

My voice boomed as I addressed them.

"41st Division, we've struck a water tribe tangle mine and the ship is now dead in the water. However, the friendly neighbourhood pirates have been thoughtful enough to bring us a replacement ship. We only need to sail out to them and take it from their corpses. I know I haven't trained you all in marine operations outside of river crossings. But with luck, this can be the time for all of us to get some valuable and much needed [Experience]. 41st Division, I want all of you to come back alive, and to make sure those pirates don't. Understood?!"

"YES, COMMANDER!"​

"So, here's how we're going to kill them and take their stuff..." I nodded, jabbing an armoured thumb to the four riverboats behind me. "Each squad will take a riverboat and board a pirate junk. This ship's still-functioning deck trebuchets will knock out the weapons of the hijacked cruiser, so all you'll have to worry are arrows and possibly some bending. Sweep the boats' interiors like you would an Earth Kingdom keep, and you'll have no trouble with killing everyone on your respective junk. Once they're dead or captured, converge on the cruiser and we'll be on our way to Toujin Island four pirate junks richer. Now... 41ST DIVISION, CAST OFF!"

Hurried footsteps drummed on wooden decks as we all embarked onto the stocky metal riverboats. The Kyoshi Warriors and I boarded one as well with a squad of {Fire Nation Raiders} accompanying us, bows already knocked. I rested my gaze on the Kyoshi Warriors. Kyoshi Island has always been a fishing village, and their experience with boats was extensive...

"Suki, take the helm and steer us up alongside the biggest junk, the one closest to the pirate cruiser."

"Uh... I don't know how to make a steamship run?" She replied, staring cluelessly at the daunting puzzle of rumbling pipes, valves and gauges.

... But steamships? Apparently not as much.

"Alright, everyone who doesn't know how to make a steamship run, huddle over here so that I can give you all a crash course." I grumbled, the [Trainer] skill activating as I gave a running commentary- pointing out the purpose of each lever, knob and gauge as the engine rumbled to life.

"I think I've got the hang of it! Ahead full!" Suki proudly announced as she spun the wheel- steering us out of the docking bay and into the endless open water of the Mo Ce Sea. Nothing but a scant three kilometres of open seas stretched between them and the incredible violence that we were about to inflict. All around us, not a single landmass interrupted the line where the seas met the sky. Whoever was going to lose this battle was going to drown in this nameless spot of ocean... and it wasn't going to be us.

Soon enough, the Kyoshi Warriors were operating as a well-trained group of engineers, their coordination proving invaluable in keeping the riverboat balanced at maximum operability.

"Ease up on the coal! The water gauge's low!"

"Adding more water! Listen to it chug! We're going so fast now!"

"Aahaha! This beats normal sailboats by a long shot!"

"Hey Suki, it's my turn on the wheel!"

"Get your own riverboat to assault pirates with!"

"Wait, I see them!"​

Everyone including myself looked to the horizon to spot our targets. Their ships stood out from the endless blue of the sea- their red sails looking like a fish's fins. Short, broad hulls of dark wood making them look almost like barges. Strangely enough, they were all converging on the hijacked cruiser flagship, huddled together in a defensive little circle, and offering my meagre strikeforce an easy advantage.

Stranger still was how the pirate flagship hadn't even used its trebuchet even once.

With a small huff of effort, Yor's slender frame the twelfth man overboard the hijacked cruiser, hurling him high into the air before he landed with a big splash. And as the man flailed in the water, attracting tiger-sharks with his wounds, she gave a smile of satisfaction.

This way, the other boats will all sail over to pick up the men thrown overboard and make it easier for her to board them as a result. Having to swim out to each of them to kill their crews was really slow even for her, so she was glad that she had found out about this trick a few months back. It was around the time when she had assassinated a Captain Kan and a Captain Kahan before she figured out that it was Captain Khan she was after... and it was also before she learned that there was a difference between a Navy Captain and an Army Captain. That was really embarrassing for her... How was she supposed to know that there was more than one kind of captain?!

But at least, she had learned something new. And now she had a go-to trick into making the ships come closer together!

Wait, Anya liked trains and ships, so they should definitely take a cruise together! Yes, that will be the perfect mother-daughter reunion! Maybe she can even ask Khan to make Anya a boat plushie to get her excited for it and everything!

Distracted, Yor didn't notice footsteps thumping on the metal deck out behind her until they turned the corner right behind her. She whipped her head around just in time to go face to face with another pirate. Grey-bearded and wearing a shaggy set of mismatched rags and a broadsword at his hip. His squinty eyes looked at her before he inhaled to scream...

"INTRU-uuuh?! uh?! Uh?"

... And he stammered, incapable to form words now that Yor's stiletto knife had skewered him through his left eye and straight through the back of his skull.

Yor's blood-red eyes widened in surprise as she glanced over the twitching pirate's shoulder and to the stairway that he came from.

How could she have forgotten about the below decks? There must be a lot more of them than just the twenty-two she had killed! She pouted- it was just like her to lose focus and Her mind had wandered off, lost in her memories again. as she glanced back to their ship that floated in the distance, a black speck in a sea of blue. Everyone back on the ship must be waiting for her to finish up here and kill everyone! She needed to work fast.

But still...

She knew that this wasn't a contract for the Garden, but after this, she should definitely ask Khan to make a ship plushie for Anya! That ostrich-horse plushie he made was just too cute!

Well, if our enemies were going to gather themselves together in a small convenient killzone without fighting, I will take what I can get.

The pirates were on the move. Even at this distance, I could see their bright orange sails shifting. Looks like they had spotted our smoke trail of the small fleet of Fire Nation riverboats that were about to ruin their day. It was clear that the earlier engine room explosion had made them write us off as no longer a threat, and I was about to do more than disabuse them of that notion.

My seven-foot-tall armoured frame climbed to the roof of the cockpit, standing like some metal statue atop a pedestal.

"Khan, what are you doing?!" Suki shouted as she stuck her head out of the cockpit window, red hair fluttering in the rush of salty sea air.

"Distracting them with my firebending!" I shouted back. At this range of almost a kilometre, the firebolts of the [Modern Azulon Style] would dissipate into thin air long before they reach their targets, but fortunately for me... I was an expert of what I firmly believed was the superior firebending style: [Firebending: Classical Azulon Style]. Then I activated the perk that I bought last level up.


Spirit Rush (Active)
Yes, overconfidence is now a power!
Once a day, gain 20% bonus Spirit. Spirit Rush' duration in seconds is equal to a half of your Spirit stat.​

I felt my chi pathways surge with newfound strength. My steel-encased arms swung in graceful swirls in the salty sea air... before rushing forward into a furious punch! A white-hot bolt of flame- almost as thick as a man's torso- seared through the sea air, closed the distance between our two ships and...

Aim check failed! (52/62 Dexterity Required)​

...flew right by three pirates, close enough to scorch their eyebrows. They stood there, dumbstruck and with what was no doubt freshly-shitted trousers, as everyone on that ship realised that instead of hapless Fire Nation Navy mooks, they were faced against Fire Nation Elites.

Chaos immediately erupted among the pirate crews, their panicked figures resembling a desperate scramble of ants as they attempted to maneuver their vessels for a battle that they were ill-prepared for. Meanwhile, I ensured that they were too distracted to do that, blasting firebolt after furious firebolt at the crews. A particularly unlucky pirate rushed out of the junk's quarterdeck just to run headlong into one of my shots. The entire upper-half of his torso, utterly obliterated as it was struck with a firebolt meant to be powerful enough to blast through boulders; and charred pirate bits pelted his horrified crewmembers.

Defeated {Pirate Reaver}, +28 exp!​

"Nice shot, Khan!" Suki laughed.

"Just a lucky one!" I laughed as well, following up with more firebolts- keeping the pirate crews' heads down and wreaking havoc as our riverboats barreled closer and closer towards them.

Now, the pirates were starting to look really worried.

It was always a great boost on troop morale to see their enemies panic before them. Also, it was around this time that everyone drank their favourite stimulant, courtesy of [Flask of Refillment] and a bit of my [Herbalism] skill. Pops of cans being opened were followed by hurried gulping of the sweet liquid within. The squad of {Fire Nation Raider} practically vibrated where they stood, eyes dilated and fists gripping their bows tight. And the Kyoshi Warriors practiced even less self-restraint.

"I'm totally going to get the high score this time!" Suki laughed, slightly manic from adrenaline and Red Bull. Her Kyoshi Warrior sisters were no less eager either.

"Less empty promises and more steering!"

"We were too lenient with those Black Koi Pirates the first time around!"

"Faster to battle! My blade hungers!"

"More coal! More steam! Get this metal box moving faster!"

"The high score is going to be all mine!"
​
An atmosphere of bloodlust filled our little riverboat as we surged onwards at full speed. 200 metres... 150 metres.... 100 metres. Bow range. Arrows arced overhead as my {Fire Nation Raiders} loosed their barbed arrows. A few of the pirates managed to retaliate with their own bows, their arrows clattering harmlessly against my steel plate armour. An unwise move for them- standing still for just a second too long.

Defeated {Pirate Sailor}, +12 exp!
Defeated {Pirate Reaver}, +28 exp!
Defeated {Pirate Sailor}, +12 exp!
​
My searing firebolts found their mark, blasting skulls and torso apart in burnt little bits. The pirates were proving to be pushovers, when suddenly, a goddamn iceberg the size of a van rose from the waves!

"WATERBENDERS!" Suki called out the obvious, but I was already reacting to the incoming iceberg- swirling my arms as my firebending chi built up... Then I released it all out of a sharp punch! The incandescent [Classical Azulon Style] firebolt shattered the iceberg into tiny ice cubes. The steam cleared and it was then that I saw the six-bender team of pirate waterbenders on the pirate junk: Dressed indistinguishable from their nonbender counterparts, they were led by a scruffy, hard-eyed man in a great coat with a dagger-shaped beard. The captain of the junk, no doubt...

... and they were already cycling through a waterbending stance!

I exploded into the fast-paced [Modern Azulon Style], punching out smaller firebolts at breakneck speeds to try and interrupt whatever they were stirring. But that was all for naught as a great roaring wave rose between our ships to push or possibly flip our boat over.

"Suki, flank speed ahead! Right at the wave!" My voice roared.

"What?!"

"Just trust me!" I shouted as the wave rumbled towards us closer and closer. "On my mark, we jump as one onto their ship... Ready... Steady..."

Gathering my firebending, I loosed a great wave of fire, reducing the wave just enough for our riverboat to able to crest over it, and for a split second, the boat seemed to leap upward.

".... JUMP! [AS ONE!]"

{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} 100 Reputation Companion skill

[As One!] - When fighting in close proximity with allies, you gain an instinct of just how to coordinate well with them, and them with you. Whether it's timing simultaneous attacks or competently fighting back-to-back or just synchronising dance choreography, you will gain a keen sixth sense on how your allies will move or react- allowing you to function greater than the sum of your parts.

+ R +​

With preternatural timing, we all jumped at the same time; and as one, we landed exactly where we wanted to be: in the middle of the enemy crew. And the crowd stumbled back in terror of us.

To this ragtag crew of pirates with their sun-baked skin and shaking sword hands, we must have been something out of a children's fairytale: A heavily-armoured giant with a leering skull for a face, six girls with white-painted faces exuding an otherworldly grace like ghosts in old tales, and Fire Nation soldiers with crimson armour so fearsome that looked like they had risen from the underworld to take revenge.

What was supposed to be a meagre force of less than twenty facing against their hundred. Now, they knew just how badly the odds were... for them. And for a full few seconds, there was only silence between us; then I whispered three words.

"Kill them all."​

The Kyoshi Warriors dashed forward, first into the fray, the sunlight gleaming off the razor-sharp edges of their [Kyoshi Katanas] and [War Fans]. Against pirates with little to no armour, Suki and her sisters easily scythed through them with their deadly dexterity. My honour guard was practically a green blur as they weaved and dodged around the pirate's strikes that seemed clumsy in comparison before severing arteries and tendons with lightning fast cuts.

Bleeding and helpless, they were easy prey as the line of {Fire Nation Raiders} crashed into them like a red armoured tide. Our relentless training shone in each swift flash of their [Dao Swords], the broad blades hacking off hands and cleaving deep into skulls.

And then, there was myself- their leader. A skull-faced obelisk of spiked metal and muscle towering above the crowd, swinging what was essentially a solid, spiked cannonball on a chain at the pirate's backline, pulping skulls and caving in chests with the flanged metal head of my [Meteor Hammer].

Even as more pirates rushed out from the hold to meet us, we were winning, and my forces knew it.

"O' Honoured Kyoshi, gaze down from the heavens and witness your greatest warrior do battle!"

"Excuse me?! You, Miss Five Kills, are Kyoshi's Greatest Warrior?!"

"You're both wrong! *I* am Kyoshi Greatest Warrior!"

"Well, if you- WATCH OUT!"​

Suki's shout of alarm came just a moment too late. A sudden deluge of water like a raging river swept across our side of the deck, washing over my entire force with the force of a storm wave. But where weaker Fire Nation soldiers would have been swept away and drowned in the sea, my crimson-clad soldiers stood firm...

... Except the Kyoshi Warriors, who were swept along but managed to cling on onto the railing at the last second. And they didn't look happy.

"It's those damned waterbenders!" Suki roared as she and her sisters lifted themselves up from the railing. "Sisters, gut them all! As One!"

Just as the soaked redhead said, there stood the waterbending team and the captain from earlier... Acting fast, I sent my [Meteor Hammer] came rocketing down on the captain, and they stopped whatever fancy waterbending move they were about to perform. Instead, they solidified a great wall of glistening ice in front of them. Standing against my meteor hammer, the icy shield column cracked but held steady against the powerful blow. However...

[Furor of Furious Fury]
Angry caveman powers, activate!
For the next 4 strikes you make, your strength is doubled.​

... I just grinned beneath my helmet as I swung again.

[Furor of Furious Fury]: 3 of 4 Charges left​

*crack*

The flanged metal ball struck the shield of bluish ice with a bone-shattering impact. Large cracks spider-webbed across its face, and the waterbenders hurriedly reinforced their frosty wall.

*CRACK*

[Furor of Furious Fury]: 2 of 4 Charges left​

... Only for me to continue hammering it again, the impact sending icy splinters flew in every direction.

*CRACK* *CRACK* *CRACK*

[Furor of Furious Fury]: 1 of 4 Charges left​

And again, the cracks were growing so great that it threatened to shatter the whole thing.

But the last one was my real move...

With a loud thwoomp of rushing air, the flanged metal head of my weapon flew in like a whistling arrow from the side- bypassing their ice wall entirely. Only the veteran waterbender captain managed to see it- raising a smaller ice shield to try and block it. But with [Furor of Furious Fury] active? It wasn't enough: the meteor hammer smashed straight through his piddly ice shield and collided with the surprised waterbender's unarmoured cranium.

* Critical Hit! *​

[Furor of Furious Fury]: 0 of 4 Charges left​

His skull exploded into a mess of gore and shattered bones- splattering the horrified faces of the other waterbenders standing behind him with brain matter.

Defeated {Pirate Veteran Waterbender}, +56 exp!​

"Hey, that was my kill!" Suki whined, having been sneaking up behind them. At the sound of her voice, the other waterbenders whipped their faces around to face the six Kyoshi Warriors who were suddenly behind them. My attacks were 75% distraction to allow the Kyoshi Warriors to sneak around the sides, and 25% kill steal.

"Just gut the rest of them!" I laughed back.

The six waterbenders tried to fight back, but when they were already within the katana-range of Kyoshi Warriors? The razor sharp edges of Kyoshi Katanas skated over their unarmoured necks before they could even start waving their hands.

With the pirate's benders bleeding out on deck, the rest of the pirate crew crumbled against my raider's merciless advance, cut down in a flurry of dao swords. The crimson armoured raiders charged down into the ship's holds looking for more... before climbing right back up. A {Fire Nation Raider} saluted me, "The hold is clear, sir! We got them all!"

"No, that can't be all of them!" Suki cried out at the bad news. "I barely got twelve!"

"I got thirteen!"

"Hey! That fat one still only counts as one!"

"Aw! Fine, twelve then! Same as Suki!"

"I only got nine, but I got the most assists!"​

"The battle isn't over. There's sure to be a lot more of them on the cruiser." I reminded my honour guard, looking over to the cruiser that loomed a short distance away. "Kyoshi Warriors, you're the sailing experts, pull us in to the side."

"Okay! We're already on it!" Suki nodded as she and her sisters ran around the junk and expertly adjusted the sails just as the winds picked up. With a slight lurch, our new pirate junk drifted up to the side of the hijacked cruiser. The cruiser's freeboard, a towering wall of black metal loomed over us.

We hurled some grappling hooks up to the side and climbed aboard the hijacked cruiser to find... ourselves standing on sticky red floor. Bodies of pirates littered the metal deck, some torn up as if wild animals had ravaged them. I didn't have time to appraise the situation more before the three other 41st Division squads joined us, their crimson armours clambering aboard on their own grappling hooks.

The Lieutenant marched over to me.

"All pirate junks cleared, sir! No casualties on our side." she saluted before briefly glancing at the bodies, "We'll try to be more punctual for the battle next time, sir!"

"This wasn't our doing." I told them, readying my meteor hammer, "Everyone, eyes open! Whoever or whatever had massacred the pirates is likely to still be on the ship. Or this entire ship may be a trap. Be ready to fight or flee at a moment's notice!"

"Sir, footsteps from the bridge!"

My forces's swords rasped out of their sheaths in preparation for another battle. But instead of a horde of pirates, it was Yor, our missing assassin, who walked out... leaving bloody footprints behind. And we all thought the same thing as we saw her: That was a lot of blood. From her black leather dress and brass rose headbands and to her hands, she was covered head to toe in red liquid, but none of which seemed to be hers.

"Yor?" I greeted her, having a sneaking suspicion how she got here before us, "Did you... swim all the way here?"

"I did! You didn't have to worry about me!" Said Yor, her blood-splattered smile couldn't be any more chipper, "I killed them all! That means we don't have to delay our voyage now, right?"

The broken bodies of the pirates around us lay in silent apology for the inconvenience.

"You... you killed all these people?" Suki said numbly. "All by yourself?"

She tilted her head with a confused expression, "Yes, why?"

I frowned. On a regular Fire Nation cruiser, there were more than 500 crewmen aboard. It stands to reason that this hijacked cruiser would need around the same number. Yor must have slain twice as many pirates as the rest of us combined!. Sure, the pirates may have been poorly-trained former fishermen handed weapons; and the cramped close-quarters of the ship may have been ideal for her choice of weapon. But that didn't change the reality of it...

Five hundred pirates were trapped on a ship with this woman, and she brutally murdered them all within a single hour.

"Yor! Please teach us your ways!" Suki and her sisters bowed in deference.

"Eh?"

"Let's not waste anymore time, everyone." I said with a sigh. I glanced back at my gathered squads. "41st Division!"

Armoured heels clicked together as the platoon stood at attention.

"Sir, yes, sir!"​

"I want us to be at Toujin Island before noon tomorrow! Lieutenant, send a messenger hawk over to Captain Li to tell him that we can start ferrying crew aboard. Kyoshi Warriors, gather up all the documents and papers you see in the captain's cabins of the junks- I want to know if anyone was behind this attack! Everyone else... start hauling bodies and gather them in a pile! Our Ostrich-horses will be eating well for a long while. If anyone needs me, I'll be down in the engine room running the maintenance that the pirates likely never bothered with!"

I watched as everyone rushed off to fulfill their orders before I looked back at Yor, an innocent smile on her pretty face.

"You had us worried, Yor. Rushing ahead like that, but...Good job." I told the woman in the blood-stained black dress. But internally, I was bemoaning how she solo'd the ship. So much wasted XP... but I suppose that was worth preventing the possible losses of {Fire Nation Raiders}. Not to mention the rewards and the time saved. Even got that long-awaited and much needed level up.

Her red eyes widened, as if not expecting me to praise her, then her lips widened into a happy smile, "A-ah... Thank you!"

[Quest - Avatar's Creed IV: The Black Flag] Completed!
Main Objective: Hijack the pirate's hijacked Fire Nation Navy Cruiser
Secondary Objective: Hijack the (4/4) Pirate Junks

Rewards:
Large bonus exp
Slight Reputation increase with {Yor Briar}
Slight Reputation increase with {Admiral Zhao}
Slight Reputation increase with the {Fire Nation}

Secondary Rewards:
Rare Item x 1

+ R +

Level up Achieved!​

Name: Khan "The Giant"
Level: 8 -> 9
Level exp: 192/3500
Rank: Commander. 41st Division, Fire Nation Army.
HP: 168/1050
Strength: 54 -> 61
Dexterity: 52 -> 59
Constitution: 58 -> 65
Intelligence: 11 -> 12
Spirit: 42 -> 50
* 1 Perk Points Available.*
(Increase Intelligence to earn more Perk points per level!)


+ R +​

Lvl 50 Strength Perks Available:​
[Lvl 2] Power Move (Passive): You don't 'run.' You kick the ground until it takes you where you want to go. On top of your Dexterity, add (25% -> 50%) Strength to your running speed and jumping height.
[Lvl 2] Furor of Furious Fury (Active): Angry caveman powers, activate! Twice a day, for the next 3 strikes you make, your strength is doubled.
[Lvl 3] Flex it off! (Passive): You feel a lot better after you pose and flex your muscles. On top of your Constitution, add (50% -> 75%)Strength to your Health points and Resistances calculations.
[Lvl 3] Overpower (Passive): Hit 'em hard when they're not looking, but hit 'em even harder when they are. Gain (40% -> 60%) bonus Strength against enemies that you're not outflanking.

Lvl 50 Dexterity Perks Available:​
[Lvl 2] Parkour Prodigy (Passive): Running? On the ground?! Like some peasant!?! (Double -> Triple) your Dexterity bonus while performing parkour.
[Lvl 2] Riposte (Passive): A skill distilled from a billion hours in Soulsborne games. Attacking directly after a successful parry now carries a guaranteed crit.
Pickpocket Prodigy (Passive): Yes, you can actually steal equipped items; yes, that includes their underwear. Double your Dexterity bonus while pickpocketing.
[Lvl 2] Bullet Time (Active): Dodge the bullets that haven't been invented yet. Three times a day, slow time to (80% -> 70%). Bullet Time duration in seconds is equal to a tenth of your Dexterity stat.


Lvl 50 Constitution Perks Available:​
[Lvl 2] Iron Gut (Passive): Not to be confused with iron abs. (Double -> Triple) your Constitution bonus to resist Poisons, Toxins and illnesses.
Clench! (Passive): Brace your glutes! You gain 10% damage reduction for all attacks that you see coming.
[Lvl 2] Relentless (Passive): Be the Party Animal as told in the legends. You no longer require sleep, and all physical fatigue gain is now reduced by (25% -> 50%).
[Lvl 2] Berserker Rage (Passive): Your incredible anger is your weapon, you are... Karen Incarnate. Gain bonus Strength, Dexterity and Spirit proportional to your missing HP. Up to (200% -> 225%) bonus stats more at 1% HP.

Lvl 50 Spirit Perks Available:​
It's not a Dance! (Passive): ... But it just might be a sex position. Double your Spirit bonus when learning/experimenting new bending styles and forms (and sex positions).
[Lvl 2] Spirit Rush (Active): Yes, overconfidence is now a power! Once a day, gain 20% bonus Spirit. Spirit Rush' duration in seconds is equal to a half of your Spirit stat.
Greater Chi Paths (Passive): For when it takes you too long getting your 'bending' up. Your Chi flows 25% faster. Allowing bending with fewer wind-up movements, or more powerful bending with normal wind-up movements.
Audacious Spirit (Passive): Is something draining the metaphysical life energies of your body? Just walk it off, lol! Whenever you're suffering from a debuff that affects your Spirit (e.g. Poison, blocked chi pathways, nighttime, cold temperature, etc.) Reduce that debuff's effectiveness by 33%.

* 1 Perk Points Available.*

+ R +​

"If you need anything else, Yor, just ask." I said, but I didn't really mean it- I was all too eager to start agonising over the decision of where to put my only Perk Point in. Before I could march off however, Yor spoke up.

"Actually... I was thinking..." She murmured, twiddling her fingers and acting like a cute and shy woman when I knew that she was anything but, "... Can you make another plushie for Anya?! A ship just like this?"

I spared a brief glance at the cooling caracasses of the pirates and thought of how many hundreds more were lying in the dark below deck.

"I-I just want to get Anya excited for something like this!" She blushed, and I was slightly taken aback by that request.

... She wanted to commemorate how she ruthlessly massacred five hundred people by herself? If I had any doubt that her cheerful, airheadedness was an act, I no longer had them. There was no rhyme or reason behind this. No greater purpose driving her desire for this plushie aside from a secret homicidal thrill in collecting her macabre trophies. And to give to her own daughter to train her to take pleasure in bloodshed as her, no less! Without a shadow of a doubt, Yor Briar was a deranged butcher who revelled in her senseless slaughter. So....

"...Of course, I'll make Anya a ship." I smiled a friendly smile.

"You will?!" She beamed, and wrapped her blood-coated arms around my waist in a hug."Thank you! You're the nicest!"

For always being nice to her...
{Yor Briar} Reputation : 53 -> 57​

"Don't mention it." I waved it off, patting her slender back. Whatever can keep this loose cannon assassin happy.

"I'll get cleaned up!" Yor said with a happy grin before she rushed off, and I released the breath. I looked to the horizon- to Toujin Island and the port town where Anya was being held.

"Spirits, I just hope we get there soon..."

"I hope so too..." She whispered, also looking out to the horizon. I was smart enough not to say the rest of what I was thinking.

Spirits, I hope we get there soon... before someone astronomically stupid enough comes along and harms the bloodthirsty psychopath's daughter.

- A Slaughter on the High Seas End -
​

AN:

This chapter occurs during the episode... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 17 - The Northern Air Temple). Taking place after (The Deserter) and right before (The Waterbending Master).

I'd love to show you all the Anya reunion scene, and the Khan and Azula meeting but... that would make the chapter tick at 17k. Also, it's been too many chapters since both Gamer System Level Up and the last action scene came along. Action-heavy chapters may not be popular, but their absence from the story would have been very noticeable.

Just binged ATLOK... really shows how the show creators were relying heavily on staff writer Aaron Ehasz's skills in ATLA, but damn if they didn't make Korra/Asami waifu-bait. I wish the author would hurry up too.

Had to nerf Spirit Rush... Otherwise, Khan finds the identity of his stalker immediately and the story isn't ready for all of that fluffy tail.

Time to vote on The Lieutenant's identity... However, she'll remain as 'The Lieutenant' until ATLOK, because we already have too many characters around Khan that need to be developed. Choices I've heard suggested are... Maki Oze from Fire Force. Higashiyama Kobeni from Chainsaw Man. Lieutenant Visha from Youjo Senki.
Last edited: Jun 21, 2023
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:zellat451, Ghjikl, r1516 and 1,613 others
Infonticus
Jun 16, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 12: Princesses of Fire and Fury
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Jun 21, 2023
Add bookmark
#1,810
Chapter 12: Princesses of Fire and Fury
(The day after the pirate attack) [Toujin Island]

Anya looked away from her book, out the classroom window, past the village with its white walls and red roofs, past the meadows of green grass and finally to the endless blue ocean that stretched away and way until it met the sky. A group of big black ships was sailing close by.

"Mama... come pick Anya up soon." she whispered to the salty-smelling sea breeze, imagining that her mama was on one of those big metal boats.

She missed her. Missed her mama's warm hugs and tickling kisses to her cheek. Missed her mama's wide smile and pretty red eyes that would light up whenever she'd see her. Missed all those days when they would go out and have breakfast and lunch and dinner... Because mama couldn't cook anything that wasn't poisonous. But that was fine, they always had fun when they went outside. And when she was away for work, Anya always knew she'd come back, and always with a little toy from the far away place she went to. They'd play with it together, and everything would be the best.

Anya thought that it was going to be like that forever... and then it didn't.

"Anya!" The strict old teacher called out, rapping her whipping stick against her desk, "Since you're so interested in the clouds, you must already have the full version of the National Oath memorised! Stand up and recite it to class!"

Nodding obediently, Anya stood up from her seat. And as she did, her pink hair prickled as the entire class' eyes bored into the back of head. She didn't really have the oath memorised just yet, so she just repeated what she heard from Ms. Kwan's thoughts.

~ I want to hear it in her small voice: 'My life I give to my country, with my hands I fight for Fire Lord Ozai and our forefathers before him...' ~

"My life I give to my country..." Anya repeated the old lady's thoughts back to her. Her voice filled the silent classroom as she recited an oath that she didn't bother memorising. Her power to hear what people were thinking made school easy for her. The frowny old lady always liked to repeat the correct answer in her head. But for everything else? Not as much.

Ms. Kwan smiled proudly as Anya finished reciting.

"As expected of our newest prodigy." She remarked before aiming a frown at the rest of the class, "Let that be a lesson, children! If you are unable to be disciplined, then at least let your love for Fire Lord and Fire Nation compensate for your deficiencies like Anya!"

Anya just winced, knowing what was about to come next...

~ Teacher's Pet. Making us all look bad! ~
~ Great... Ms. Kwan is going to want the rest of us to recite it too! ~
~ ... I wish I was as smart as her... ~
~ Anya! Why do you have to make it worse for everyone!? ~
~ ... I feel sorry for her... ~
~ This is why she doesn't have any friends. I don't want to be friends with her! ~
~ I bet she enjoys being so smart! ~
~ I warned you last week not to get the class in trouble! You're so roasted! ~​

... the thoughts of her classmates. It wasn't all bad, but the mean thoughts were always the loudest. Especially Hide, the big bully, he had it out of ever since she got here. She had only been in school for a couple of weeks and she already didn't like it here. And neither did they.

*gong*

"Students!" Ms. Kwan demanded their attention over the gongs of the lunch bell, "We will begin our oral examination of the full version of the National Oath immediately after lunch break. Do not be tardy! Class dismissed!"

Everyone rushed out of their seats while Anya just packed her school things and walked away, hoping to find a quiet spot to eat by herself like always. She needed to avoid Hide first, the big kid seemed pretty angry with her.

Her mama had always been the only friend she really needed, but it's been so long since she last heard from her.

When she was still with those scary guards, they let her swap letters. Mama told her she was on a super secret mission to get rid of the bad guys, and when she finished, they could be together again. But then one day, the guards said that... that her mother was gone. They didn't even say any more before putting her on a ship and leaving her here.

Anya squeezed her bag's leather straps in her hand until her knuckles turned white. She didn't believe them- she was never going to believe them! Her mama was definitely still out there! So, she was going to grow big and strong and all-powerful like that Fire Lord Ozzy guy, and she was going to go on an adventure to find her mama! She'll ride a dragon over the Four Nations and make it eat all the bad guy airbenders, waterbenders and earthbenders! Then she was going to fly to the palace and save the princess (her mama)! Just like in the stories that Ms. Kwan makes them read in the scrolls!

Her tummy rumbled. But gotta have lunch first.

As she walked out of the school gates, she caught a loud thought.

~ I'm going to push the little know-it-all and watch her cry! ~​

She tried to turn around and look for who was thinking it. But someone pushed and she tripped, her forehead hitting on the edge of a stone bench. Her hands came up to cover her head, and Anya tried not to cry as she felt a bit of blood leaked onto her palm. She wasn't going to cry, but it really hurt. A lot.

"Think you can sneak away from me, new girl?!" She heard Hide's voice shout at her, "What did I say about getting us into trouble with Ms. Kwan?!"

"Hide, what in the Fire Lord's name is wrong with you?!" a girl's voice shrieked, "Anya's not even half your size!"

Looking up, Anya saw the two of them standing over her in their black and red uniforms. On Jin with her brown hair and worried eyes, and Hide with black hair and a sneer like an angry dog showing teeth. Then he reached down at her, his fist tightened around the front of her uniform and dragged her across the grass and around the school where the cliffs were... where no one can see them. Anya punched at his arm to make him let her go, but the older kid was just too strong.

"The twerp started it." He growled at On Ji. "Just a few weeks ago, we were all cruising it easy! But ever since she came along it's been 'high expectations' for all of us! All because the new kid can't keep her pie-trap shut! Well, if she's so willing to learn then, I'll just teach her to shut up!"

He threw her down on the grass, her own red and black uniform dirtying.
*clink* *clink*​
"Just let her go, Hide!" Anya heard On Ji shout, "You're going to get in so much trouble!"

"Hah! As if!" Hide laughed meanly, "I keep telling you, On Ji, my father's been promoted to Captain of the coast guard since last week. No ships dock or leave without my father's permission, and you know what that means on this island? He's the lord and I'm pretty much the prince! I can do what I want! I even got the headmaster to force Shoji to apologise to me after I punched him! A pink-haired nobody like her can't do nothing to me."

"A-Anya's not a nobody! Mama's a super assassin!"

"Pft! I don't know who your mother was, but I heard from the headmaster that she's dead."
"i hear voices. maybe guards."​
"Mama's not gone!" Anya shook her head. "She's not!"
*clink*​
He just smiled, "She's dead. D-E-A-D!"
"we'll clear the ledge. as one."​
"Hide, you're going too far with her!"

Then Anya felt her eyes get super big—like when she saw a spider in her tub—as from the edge of the cliff, a humongous metal giant and six ladies with super white faces climbed up. They were so quiet, like ghosts sneaking around! It was as if the giant and the ghostly ladies belonged to a different world. Anya realised they had to be ghosts, just like in the stories! The giant even had a face made of bones! But what made him scary was how ginormous he was- much bigger than any grown-up she'd ever seen. Like a big metal statue that could move! The giant's shadow covered everything, blocking the sun behind his back.

Anya felt her heartbeat in her ears even as she felt like she couldn't breath.

"I like that look on your face, new kid." Hide smirked- not knowing that Anya was looking behind them.

"A... Awawawawa..." Anya stammered, super scared as she tried to point behind them. First, they looked confused at what she was pointing at. Then Anya watched their eyes widen as they finally noticed the shadow covering them. Hide and On Ji turned to look behind them.

"Eeeep!" "Gaaahhh!"​

Hide and On Ji jumped back, joining Anya as all three of them pressed their backs against the wall, and clung to each other.

"Are these..." the red-haired painted girl asked while looking at them, and the scary giant nodded his bone face.

"Students. Looks like our infiltration was not necessary." the giant said to the painted ladies. "This place is a school and not a fortified compound as I initially suspected. It is built like one though- must have been a fort or a Fire Noble's estate at one point."

The white-faced pouted their red lips.

"Awww... and I was looking forward to scaling a cliff face to infiltrate a fort! Just like in the books!"

"Yeah, we'd grab people off ledges and send them tumbling down."

"Then we'd sneak around in the shadows, slitting the guards' throats."

"Listen to the main bad guy monologue before we have a katana duel under the setting sun."

"Then we make our getaway while the whole compound explodes in a big fireball behind us!"

"So, a school? Lame."

"You've been saying that since we were five, Suki."

"Then you know I'm Kyoshi Island's foremost expert in not liking school. Let's just go find the girl."​

"No need." the giant said, his boney-face looking straight at Anya, "We found who we're looking for."

"Wait, that's it?! Mission complete? But we didn't even see combat!" the 'Suki' girl pouted, kicking a rock over the cliff's edge, "Ugh... We're never going to get a chance to set a new high score."

Realising that they were just people and not evil ghosts, Hide was the first to open his mouth.

"S-stay back, barbarian!" He cried out. "My father's an officer of the Fire Nation!"

"Settle down. I'm also Fire Nation as you can see from the armour." the giant said with a sigh, his finger making metal clinking sounds as he tapped his red metal armour. Anya blinked at that. If someone was 'Fire Nation,' then that meant they were the good guys who were fighting the earthbending bad guys across the sea, right?

"Oh..." Hide stood, clearing his throat and tilting his chin up, "Name and rank, soldier? My father's the Captain of the coast guard and he will be hearing about this!"

"Commander Khan of the 3rd Army's 41st Division."

Hide almost tripped over his own feet while standing still.

"What's a commander doing way out here?!" he shouted like he was in big trouble. Meanwhile, Anya's eyes sparkled as she looked at the giant. So, he's not just a good guy?! He's a good guy big boss?! Waku Waku...

"Standard resupply on our way to the Imperial Capital, but also..." The giant glanced at his pale-looking lady friends, "Kyoshi Warriors, secure the boy for our march back to port."

"W-what did I do?!" Hide shouted as the painted ladies tied his hands behind his back, and his ankles together just loose enough that he could walk.

"The captain of the coast guard, who coincidentally is also your father, has been incriminated by letters found on the flagship of a pirate fleet. They say that it was through his cooperation that allowed the pirates to attack my ship. Your entire estate is currently being investigated by my troops and your local government officials."

Anya's eyes flew wide open. She knew it! Hide and his father were bad guys all along! Maybe they were even earthbenders!

The boney-faced giant looked back at the white-faced girls. "You should take him away before 'she' gets here and discovers what he did to Anya here."

"Yeah..." They nodded with a wince, "I think that's the right call to make. We'll see you at port."

"How... how do you know Anya's name?" Anya asked the giant just as the painted ladies walked off with Hide and On Jin, leaving Anya with him.

"Because..." He began with a gentle voice as knelt down on one knee in front of her. Still taller than her, but it didn't hurt her neck to look up at him. "... we've been helping your mother look for you for a while now, Anya."

Her entire world froze. "Mama... she's here?"

"Yes, your mother has been looking long and hard for you. We've been helping her."

"She's really, really here?"

She... she couldn't believe it. She tried to focus her power on him and find out if it was real. But for some reason, his thoughts were harder to hear. Maybe it was the helmet?

"Yes, really." He nodded, holding out his huge metal arm to point to town, "See that big ship at the docks? Your mother and I were on that just a while ago. She's with my... friend June, and they're riding a big animal called a shirshu that's looking for you. But we found you first by accident, so we'll keep you safe until she arrives. Speaking of which, we should get that cut on your forehead looked at before your mother..."

~ ... Kills everyone on the island out of revenge like the maniac that she is. ~​

"... gets upset over you getting hurt."

Anya laughed and cried at the same time. That does sound like her mama! And she couldn't help it, but her laugh turned into sob as she realised that... that her mama did come back for her! She jumped forward, wrapping her arms as wide as she could around the giant's chest and pressing her face into the warm metal as she sniffled. A giant brought her mama home!

The Fire Nation really were the good guys! Just like Fire Lord Ozzy said in their books!

"It's alright. Let me help clean you up for your reunion with your mother." The giant patted a hanky to her cheek, wiping tears away then cleaned her forehead. It stung a bit at first, but then it didn't and he pressed something that stuck to her head. "Bandaid on... Here, drink this sweet berry mix. It's a [Fine] (Small Health Tonic) and it'll help make that cut feel better by the time we get to your mother."

He pressed a thin glass tube filled with red juice into her hands.

"O-okay." Anya sniffled before drinking from the tube and wiping her mouth with her sleeve. The juice was actually pretty sweet and yummy. Seeing her drink it all, the nice metal giant nodded his bone face then punched the air above him with his huge arm. A big orange fireball flew high into the blue sky.

"There. Your mother should be here any minute now." He said softly, and Anya felt her heart beat fast in her chest. Suddenly, she was feeling worried. Does her Mama still remember her? Anya bit her lip and fidgeted her hands, feeling more than a bit scared now. She missed her so much, but being away for so long... she was worried if her mama still cared. What if she found another daughter? What if she was just going to go away-

"A-anya?" A painfully familiar voice called out behind her, and Anya turned around. There standing at the corner was a grown-up woman in a black dress and with shiny gold flowers in her hair, her red eyes staring directly at Anya.

"M-mama?" Anya choked out, but before she could even say anything more, she found herself swept up in familiar arms and in a familiar warmth. Even the metally smell in her black hair was familiar.

"Anya!" She cried onto the top of Anya's head, and Anya couldn't keep herself from crying either. The weight and hurt of all those months without her bubbling up all at once.

"MAMA! Mama... she really came back for Anya!" Anya's voice broke as she buried her face into her mama's chest, her eyes tearing up again. "Mama didn't forget me! You came back... You came back!"

"Mama loves you, Anya." her mother whispered, just like she did whenever she used to tuck her into bed, as she hugged her tighter. Just a bit too tight. Anya felt it getting tougher to breathe, but even that was a feeling she missed. She smiled, "Mama, you're hugging Anya too tight again... just like you always do."

"Mama's sorry..." she hiccuped with a small laugh, "... she doesn't know her own strength."

Anya just clung to her tighter, never wanting to let go. Never wanting to lose her ever again.

I stood at a distance to give them some measure of privacy.

It was touching seeing the mother and daughter reunite; Yor with tears streaming down her cheeks as she cradled her daughter that she had been separated for so long. And from the way the little pink-haired child clung to her as well, I believed that those emotions that Yor was showing were truly genuine- that at the end of the day, and despite her bottomless lust for blood, she did truly care for her daughter...

For reuniting her with her daughter...
{Yor Briar} Reputation : 57 -> 87​

... And that's not just me hoping that she likes me enough not to turn against me once this reunion is finished. Was I confident enough with my Reputation with her to feel completely safe? No at all, but it was at least less likely now. I handled her once, but I had been one bad hit away from dying.

As these thoughts occupied my mind, heavy footfalls of a large animal resounded on the dirt road right and stopped right behind me. I didn't bother turning around as a big red snout of a shirshu affectionately sniffed my shoulder with a huff.

"Hello, Nyla. June." I greeted with a chuckle as I held out a bit of jerky for the massive shirshu to snack on.

"Spirits, can that assassin run." June's laidback voice commented as she looked at the tender scene a short distance away "So, that's the Thorn Princess' daughter... I'll be honest- I didn't think she was real. Doesn't look anything like her mother either."

"I believe she's adopted."

"Whatever floats her boat. I'm just glad that this is over." She shrugged her slender shoulders, "Being stuck on a ship with an anxious Thorn Princess has got to be one of the tensest things I've ever experienced yet. The fact that- just yesterday- she cleared an entire Fire Nation by herself didn't help."

"Speaking of which..." I glanced at the bounty hunting goth girl in the dark red riding leathers. Bunned at the back with her skull hair tie, her long, dark hair fell in loose waves around her shoulders and framed her regal face- A face that quirked into an expression of surprise as I pulled out that small blue chest of gold from my bag of tools that I had taken with me and handed the chest to her. "...You did a splendid job, June. A deal's a deal. Your pay and a bonus for a job well done."

For proving that you're willing to uphold your end of the deal...
{June} Reputation : 65 -> 85
{June} Obedience : 50 -> 70
+ R +​

"You were carrying this around with you?" June whispered as she traced her fingers over the blue chest, her black-painted fingernails contrasting with the brass gildings. She opened the lid, and lustrous golden light reflected on her face.

My armoured shoulders clinked as I shrugged, "I was prepared for a possible hostage situation and there was a chance that we needed to pay ransom right here and now. I have more than enough back on the ship anyway."

And by 'ship,' I meant 'My Inventory.' I had 2-3 full-sized chests filled with yuan baos for the division's use.

Reputation check succeeded!
90/75 Reputation Required with {June}​

June handed the chest back to me.

"... Is there a particular reason why you're declining your pay?"

"Not declining payment, just deferring it." She chuckled, "What am I even supposed to spend the gold on in this little Fire Nation port town? Fresh fish? Nah... I think I'll hitch a ride with the best Fire Nation Division as they make their way to the Imperial Capital instead. So, keep my gold safe until we get there, Khan; you're not getting rid of me that easily."

I opened my mouth to try and refute her, but then I realised something: I had every reason to keep June around. I wanted to kick myself for my short-sightedness. Of course, I wanted to max out her reputation! The [As One!] perk from maxing out reputation with Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors has proven to be indispensable- saving my and their asses several times in combat, not to mention the innumerable number of times it has made things convenient. I can only imagine what June's max reputation perk would do.

So, regaining my composure, I met her teasing head on- looking in her piercing coal black eyes that were decorated in her signature dark, smokey eyeshadow.

"Good, because I didn't want you leaving my side so soon." I said to her, and June almost fell out of her saddle as she jumped in surprise.

"Awww... Careful, Khan." she teased- regaining her composure, "Talk like that will make people think that you care about me."

The goth girl was putting up that wall of wit and snark to hide her own embarrassment again. But her suddenly timid body language and her heavy blush told a very different story. She was vulnerable, and I immediately went for the decisive blow. Lifting up my helmet, I leaned in to kiss the still off-balance June, and her supple body immediately melted onto me.

For making her feel things she hasn't felt before...
{June} Reputation : 85 -> 89
{June} Obedience : 70 -> 74
+ R +​

So close... but in the middle of our stolen moment, I remember yet another reason to keep her around.

"You also still owe me an interview." I murmured into the kiss.

"Mmmm~ I'm open for an 'interview' anytime you want, big guy." She breathed back, still trying to talk tough. But from her sultry tone, sly smile and how her coal black eyes were hooded, it was clear she was promising something entirely different than a completed book. Then Nyla huffed loudly and June pouted her lips at the interruption, "Wait, it looks like someone's coming."

Sure enough, the Lieutenant came walking up the hill with her crimson red armour and feathered face-concealing helmet. June clicked her tongue.

"I'll just be back at the ship when you want to continue that interview, Khan." She smirked to me before trotting off on Nyla. And as she passed by the lieutenant, I heard her say, "This is the second time you've had amazing timing, Miss Lieutenant. But be careful, if you keep blue-balling your commander, who knows what he'll do to you? Hahaha!"

And with those parting words and a crack of her whip, Nyla galloped off with June back to port.

"Just ignore her, Lieutenant." I just shook my head, unable to keep the smile off my face at June's teasing as I walked up to the Lieutenant who was carrying some papers in her hands. I raised an interested eyebrow, "Did you find something of note?"

But instead of replying, she stared up at me as she murmured, "... Ah, it's not fair when you smile like that... "

"Lieutenant, y-" I stopped myself when I realised that my voice lacked the familiar reverberation of my helmet. Promptly putting it on, I continued, "You have something to report?"

She seemed to blink awake from her daydream.

"C-c-commander, sir!" She immediately stammered out, her armoured hand slamming into her helmet's brow with a loud clang as she saluted, "My apol- I was distracted by your sm- I mean! You just have a nice- No! I mean... Uh... THE THING IS DONE, SIR!"

"You mean the investigation into who was behind the pirate attack?"

"Y-yes, sir!" The lieutenant nodded eagerly as she regained her composure, "We finished searching the captain's office, but we didn't find any written evidence of him orchestrating the attack on us. But we did, however, find that he was extorting passing merchant ships with fabricated tariffs. We... haven't notified the local officials of this discovery yet since I thought it was prudent to inform you first."

I accepted the papers from her and skimmed through it.

"Good call, lieutenant." I nodded, "These will help with convincing the local officials to enter into a mutually beneficial trade arrangement with us. Once our newly acquired junks make contact with Yu Dao in the north, we can establish a clear supply route to the North Pole weeks ahead of the siege."

"But who are we supplying there, sir? Do we have Fire Nation troops stationed on the North Pole already?"

"Not Fire Nation, but friends. You see, Lieutenant, we-"

I paused as the sound of footsteps light shuffling on the dirt road resounded behind me, followed by a suspicious voice.

"Khan?"

Turning around, I saw Yor approach, cradling with a sleeping Anya in her arms. Her graceful brows furrowed in suspicion as she traced a finger over the bandaid on her daughter's forehead. My heart beated fast and my hand twitched towards my weapon. I knew she'd notice eventually, and that she'd want answers. And as if on cue, her voice broke the silence, filled with concern. "Khan? Do you know what's this on Anya's forehead?"

"Don't worry about it." I calmly reassured her, not wanting her to go ballistic, "It was a small cut, barely breaking the skin. I gave her some medicine. It won't even leave a mark by this time tomorrow."

Her frown deepened with the frown of someone who wasn't buying what I was selling. Normally, I could hide how I was feeling to her; but apparently, Yor's maternal instincts made her inhumanly perceptive when it came to her child's safety...

"Khan, did someone... hurt her?" She hit the nail on the head. Her blood-red eyes gained an almost luminous intensity, and the rising omen of an imminent slaughter seemed to loom over us.

"Well..." I hesitated, the Lieutenant and I sharing a nervous glance before I spilled the beans to Yor. I told her what I heard while climbing up that cliff, what I saw when I encountered Anya and Hide, and what I suspected had happened. And with every word, the intensity of Yor's displeasure seemed to grow, her jaw clenched tightly and the air itself seemed to prickle with needles of pure malice. By the time I finished my account, I knew that there was hell to pay, because for the first time since I've known her...

... I saw Yor Briar get truly, terrifyingly angry.​

(A few hours later) [Toujin Town Hall]

"All this... Because of all the little girls he could have bullied, he had to pick Anya." I muttered under my breath, holding back a deep sigh of frustration.

What should have been a quiet under-the-table deal with the local government had turned into a circus for the local old-fart officials to jockey for influence.

I stood in the crowded interior forum of the Town hall, a modest little stadium with cream-coloured walls and columns decorated with red paint and gilded with polished brass. It was also replete with bleachers to fit the entire town. And apparently, this was one of those times when the entire town did indeed attend. Yes, a bloated local government composing of the official's spouses, cousins, and second cousins- all holding do-nothing jobs. Their murmuring filled the background as they sat there gawking at my armoured frame towering at the centre of the hall with Yor and local government's representative who was speaking.

Wrinkled from age and with great pointed sideburns and a moustache like a koi fish's whiskers, the headmasters spoke with a dignified voice to the watching crowd, "... in conclusion, the council of Toujin Town has unanimously agreed that the captain is guilty on charges of graft and corruption and piracy, with piracy meriting the most severe punishment. Execution by hanging is custom for pirates, but after a period of... discussions with Commander Khan, the officials have chosen to defer the method of execution to him."

Finishing his speech, the bearded old man bowed to me- in deference to the man who was about to line his pockets with gold.

At first, I was surprised by that. Of all the people the local government could have chosen to represent them, they chose the headmaster of Toujin Town's local academy. But then I realised that despite being on the council to ostensibly 'represent the safety and interests of the students,' he clearly had a lot of personal influence apart from that. Couldn't throw a rock in this place without it landing on a property he partially owned. He was the one who I had to carefully negotiate with if I were to get what I wanted to get a headstart on that North Pole plan.

Yor, however, cared none for that. She wanted that boy's still-beating heart on a silver platter.

"And the boy?" she asked- taking a step towards the headmaster. "The one who actually hurt my Anya?"

The headmaster flinched, he had been around long enough to know who she was and what she could do. To him. To this entire town.

It took a lot of reassurance and a bit of grappling to even get Yor into these talks. My armour was still dented in places trying to keep her from going on a rampage. We couldn't even let the girl sleep on the ship, we had to carry a bed into one of the offices. My eyes glanced over to the far side of the town hall where a nondescript red door was being guarded by no less than ten of my {Fire Nation Raiders}, with more mixed into the crowd, patrolling the halls and guarding the exterior. Excessive, but it was what was required to calm Yor down.

But that didn't mean that she was happy. Even now, Yor didn't look at all, her pale slender hands curled in angry fists at the sides of her black dress, and her blood-red eyes staring with murderous intensity at the headmaster.

"W-we'll have Hide sent to 'reform school,' ma'am!" He said with a scared smile, "And by that, I mean the coal mines, he'll have many years of hard labour ahead of him. Surely, that's more than enough time to make him reflect upon his grave mistreatment of your daughter and make him suitably repentant!"

"Not good enough." Yor judged before facing me, "Khan? As Anya's mother, will you let me personally handle both their executions?"

Something told me that she wasn't asking.

"Miss Anya is awake, sir!" one of my {Fire Nation Raiders} called out. The little pink-haired six-year-old peeking through the crack in the door of her office-turned-bedroom. Seeing that she was spotted, she stepped out of the room, and every pair of eyes immediately homed in on her. The murmurs of the crowd

"Anya!" Her mama immediately rushed over, swept her in a hug and brought her here.

"Mama... what's happening?" She murmured into her mama's shoulder, her black hair tickling her nose.

"Oh, it's nothing," Mama replied, a smile tugging at her lips. Her blood-red eyes briefly darted toward the nervous headmaster. "Mama is merely ensuring that the mean boy who bullied you receives the just consequences he deserves."

We all watched as beads of sweat slid down the side of the old headmaster's face, but then, a bright idea struck me.

"... I think Anya would be better to make the decision since she's the injured party." I gently told Yor and the old headmaster just nodded eagerly, his grey beard swaying.

"Yes, that's a brilliant idea!" He eagerly jumped to support my idea, he smiled at the child in question, "Go on, Miss Anya. Tell everyone what you think is enough punishment for Hide for mistreating you."

"Um..." Anya wrung her tiny hands in nervousness, looking unsure. Her bright green eyes looked up at me, her brows furrowed in a look of deep concentration as she decided the boy's fate. I wasn't worried. Anya looked to be a gentle child. And with how much Yor seems to dote on her, she won't be able to refuse her. A child her age is likely going to make him stand in the corner with a funny hat that says 'stupid' or something.

But, as if hearing my thoughts and was unsatisfied with the suggestion, Anya suddenly frowned before looking at the crowd- back to the Lieutenant and the group of {Fire Nation Raiders} who had been guarding her door.

A look of realisation or maybe inspiration lit her face. Her little voice spoke up, "Anya says-"

Everyone leaned in to hear what she had to say and she seemed to be struck by a flash of stage fright.

"A-Anya says... uh..." the six-year-old girl stumbled on her words before inhaling and...

"Burn him at the stake! Then feed his stake to the ostrich-horseys! Yeah!"

The entire building fell silent in shock, so silent that you could hear a pin drop. Even I felt my jaw drop under my helmet.

And all the while, Anyal just grinned, extremely pleased with herself.

I can fully understand wanting to roast your enemies, but she was six! Six! Her arms have only recently been long enough to wipe her own bottom, so now she decided that the next step in her development was burning people at the stake and feeding them to the ostrich-horses? ... What? Why the hell was a six-year-old little girl taking pages from a Fire Nation Warlord's playbook? Where did she even hear that? What kind of household do you even go about turning a very young child into such a murderous, bloodthirsty-

I glanced over to Yor.

Yor, don't give her a double thumbs up, and don't look so proud of the mini-me psychopath that you've spawned. The little pink-haired devil looked up at me, smiled wide and gave me a thumbs up too.

Anya's just like her mother.

"Yeah! Burn him at his stake! Till it's black and crunchy!" Anya's little voice proudly shouted for everyone to hear.

At those words, her mother began quietly crying tears of pride, while everyone else recoiled in horror. All the while, Anya had the brightest and happiest smile on her face as she sentenced a classmate to be burned alive and have his corpse fed to the ostrich-horses.

One shudders to imagine what inhuman thoughts lie behind that smile. What dreams of chronic and sustained cruelty.

(Three minutes ago)

"Mnya..." Anya woke up with a yawn.

Sitting up on a bed that she could recognise wasn't hers, she rubbed the sleep from her eyes and looked around the room- it looked like a teacher's office with the desk and all the scrolls, but someone put a comfy bed in the middle of the carpeted floor.

"Mama?" She called out, but no one seemed to hear her. She did hear that there was a muffled murmur of a crowd behind the door to her 'room.'

Putting on her shoes that were neatly left by the bed, Anya tiptoed to the door and pulled it open just the tiniest bit, enough to peek through the crack. The inside was a wide, open space almost as big as the school courtyard. It looked like the inside of that big official-looking building in town where all the wrinkly old people told people what to do. It was also packed full of people: the nice 'Khanmander' guy was standing in the centre- so tall she was the first person she noticed over everyone else, Fire Nation soldiers in cool red armour with feathers on their helmets and swords, the wrinkly old people who were the boss of the village, and her mama was there too- talking with the grumpy headmaster of Anya's school!

But... she didn't look too happy, staring really intensely at the headmaster.

"Not good enough."

Uh oh... Anya recognised her mama's angry voice.

"Khan? As her mother, will you let me personally handle both their executions?" her mama said to Khan. But Anya got the feeling that she wasn't really asking.

"Anya is awake," someone called out, and all attention shifted to her.

"Anya!" Her mama immediately rushed over and swept her in a hug.

"Mama... what's happening?" She murmured into her mama's shoulder, her black hair tickling her nose.

"Oh, it's nothing," Mama replied, a smile tugging at her lips. Her blood-red eyes briefly darted toward the nervous headmaster. "Mama is merely ensuring that the mean boy who bullied you receives the just consequences he deserves."

Anya watched as beads of sweat slid down the side of the old headmaster's face, but then the Khanmander spoke up.

"... I think Anya would be better to make the decision since she's the injured party." his rumbly voice said, and the old headmaster just nodded eagerly, grey beard swaying.

"Yes, that's a brilliant idea!" the normally-mean headmaster declared before smiling at her, "Go on, Lady Anya. Tell everyone what you think is enough punishment for Hide for mistreating you."

Feeling nervous with everyone's attention on her, Anya concentrated her power on Khan to try and hear what she's supposed to say. The old headmaster's thoughts were the first ones she heard.

~ A brilliant move, Commander Khan! Anya has been known to be a gentle child. She just might give a lighter sentence than reform school. And her fearsome mother will be forced to accept whatever her daughter says. Everyone wins! ~​

Anya frowned. She didn't want Hide to get away! Her head wasn't hurting anymore, but she still wanted him to stop being so mean. The wrinkly beardmaster didn't have an actual answer; so, she looked over to Khan and focused.

~ ... A child her age is likely going to make him stand in the corner with a funny hat that says 'stupid' or something... ~​

She frowned some more. She was almost six- she wasn't a baby anymore! Okay, maybe she was thinking of making Hide stand in the corner with a funny hat, but now that he thought about it? She wasn't going to do that anymore! She was going to do something more grown up like that 'Secutution' thing they said. Anya turned her mind's ear to the feather-headed people who worked for Khan and listened to their thoughts.

~ She's so small. It's hard to believe she's Khan's daughter. She might have him burned at the steak. Captain Tuan Style. ~
~ Let's hope she doesn't let her mother do it. I've seen the wounds that killed those pirates, having Yor perform the execution... it's going to get gruesome. ~
~ The Khan is leaving the sentence to his daughter? I'm not sure if he's being merciful or cruel... ~
~ I wonder what our daughter would look like- No! Bad Lieutenant! But he has such a nice eye colour... Mmm... ~
~ If this kid is anything like her parents, she'll have him burned at the steak like Captain Tuan. That was a night to never forget... ~
~ Well, sucks to be that kid. She's going to burn him at the steak then fed to the Ostrich-horses. ~​

'Burn him at his steak?' Anya thought to herself. That phrase kept coming up, but she didn't know what that meant! What did steak have to do with making sure Hide is never mean aga- Oh.

Her green eyes widened as she realised what it meant. She got it now!

++ A ++​

Standing tall on the platform, just like her papa, Anya faced a crowd of important people in the big courtyard. Flames danced and crackled nearby, making shadows dance on everyone's faces. She could smell the delicious steak sizzling on the grill, making her tummy rumble.

Taking charge, Anya stepped forward and pointed her finger at the Hide, who looked really scared tied up on a chair.

"Listen, everyone! This big bully, who made people feel bad, is gonna get what he deserves. With papa's firebendy powers, we will make his steak all burned up, right before his eyes!"

"Noooo! That's my komodo-rhino steak!" he shouted as the soldiers took out the big juicy slab of red meat and placed it on the grill. The juicy sizzle loud and clear for everyone to hear, even Anya was getting a bit hungry.

The crowd looked at each other, confused but curious. Anya's voice explained her justice above the crackling grill fire.

"The bully will have to watch, tied up and unable to eat, as his steak gets destroyed! His steak, juicy and tasty at first, will turn black and sad in the fire. The flames will lick and lick, until it's all dried up and ruined. No more yummy flavours, just a sad, crunchy piece of meat! Then when it's all gross and burnt no one else would want to eat it, we're going to feed it to the ostrich-horseys so that even when gross, the bully won't even get to taste it! This will teach him a lesson to not be mean! Not be an earthbender!"

And true enough, Hide's steak started turning black and the smell of burnt steak began to spread.

"Stop! It's already black!" Hide cried out, "You're burning it! It's super yucky now!"

"Keep cooking, feather-heads!" Anya tried to say tough like her papa, and she watched Hide's crying face as the soldiers kept on cooking his komodo-rhino steak on the grill.

"I'm sorry, Anya! I won't ever be mean to you or anyone else ever again! And I won't be an evil earthbender anymore!" He pleaded as papa's feather-heads took the super burnt steak and tossed it to the ostrich-horseys. "No! Don't feed it to the ostrich-horses!"

The big cute feathery animals just gobbled it up. And Anya nodded, the steak was so gross and burnt no one else would want to eat it. But it still

"That's my steak! Nooooo!" Hide shouted again.

Anya's words floated through the air, mixing giggles and wonder among the listeners. Unfazed, she kept going, lost in her own make-believe world.

++ A ++​

"Anya says-"

A hundred eyes stared straight at her; and she froze up, unable to make the words that she had thought of come out.

"A-Anya says... uh..." She stumbled on her words, the shorter version should be enough. "Uh... Burn him at the steak! Then feed his steak to the ostrich-horseys! Yeah!"

Everyone was so quiet, and they were making funny faces like they were so surprised. That must mean that she had the right answer! Anya just beamed at her mama who smiled back and even gave her a double thumbs up! Yes, it was definitely the right answer! She smiled up at the Khanmander and gave him a thumbs up too!

~ ... Anya's just like her mother... ~​

Hearing her Khanmander's thoughts, Anya felt her cheeks warm up... he thinks that she's just like her mama? That was the nicest thing anyone has ever thought about her! Feeling braver now that she had the right answer. Anya shouted it for everyone to hear!

"Yeah! Burn him at the steak! Till it's black and crunchy!"

Everyone was still quiet, and Anya felt so happy. She was so right that everyone was listening to what she was saying!

~ There is no doubt that Khan is her father... ~
~ She really is her father's daughter! ~​

She found it funny that people thought that Khanmander was her papa.

"Oh Anya, I'm so proud of you..." Her mama cried, but Anya knew it was a good cry! She wiped her eyes as she turned to face Khanmander and said, "Well, Khan... You heard her. Burn him at the steak. It's already much more merciful than what I was going to do. In fact... As the mother of the victim, you should let me do it. Now... Someone kindly get me a steak for the boy who hurt my Anya."​

"Uh, Miss Yor, with all due respect, the punishment does not fit the cri-"

"Did I stutter?"​

The headmaster squeaked as he hid behind Khan.

"Calm down, Yor..." Khan said to her before looking over to the other wrinklies sitting to the side, "Does the council agree with this sentence?"

Her mama's scary face made all the old people nod their heads.

"It's settled!" her mama said with a clap and a big smile. "Do you hear that, Anya?! We're going to burn that mean boy at the steak!"

"Yay!" She cheered as well, excited to see Hide get punished with his steak. But then her tummy rumbled loudly, and she looked up to her mama. "I haven't eaten lunch yet. Can we eat before we burn Hide at the steak?"

Her mama broke into a happy smile as she took her hand, "Okay, let's walk around town and look for a restau-"

"No, you've ruined enough plans!" the headmaster shouted, only to realise what he just said. "I mean..."

His eyes looked over to Khan who just sighed.

"I'll see what I can do." his voice rumbled before he looked over to the feather-head lady, "Lieutenant, did you notice a dining room in their layout here?"

"Yes, sir." Anya heard Lou Teni say back, "It's on the second floor, to the rear of the building. Really posh, looks like it's for hosting occasional dignitaries from the Imperial Capital."

Khan nodded his bone-face helmet to Anya's mama. "Yor, please stay here with Anya while I get the best cook in the division to prepare you lunch. We have exotic spices and ingredients from the Earth Kingdom. I'm sure Anya here will love to try something new."

"Mmm..." Her mama held her hand. "Well, I don't think I've ever had cooking as good as yours... okay!"

Khan was a firebender and he can cook too?! Waku waku... Then she remembered something important, Anya raised her hand as if in class.

"Oh, Oh! Anya likes peanuts!" She announced before adding, "And steak!"

"...I'll make a note. Meanwhile, Lieutenant, have the 2nd squad prepare two pyres." Khan said. And Miss Lou Teni just looked at Anya's mother and back at Khan.

"But sir, really? He's just a stupid kid, I don't think he deserves-"

"I'm not interested in trading 41st Division lives just to save one boy who was too stupid and unfortunate to live. We have bigger, and far more important things in this war to possibly die over than one kid who took things too far while high on his daddy's power. Unless... one of you thinks that they can take on Yor?"

They took one look at Anya's mother before very politely saying, "Lady Yor, ma'am? The dining room is this way. The 2nd squad will have the execution site ready momentarily. "

"Wuh? The Khanmander can cook?!" Anya said in surprise.

"Yes, after someone tried to poison me, I don't trust anyone else to prepare my food. So, you can be sure that it's safe."

"Can I have a lot of peanuts?" Anya asked, and he gave a bark of laughter.

"As much as you want... or at least as much as your mother will allow. I'll go prepare it now. The Lieutenant here will serve your food."

"Sir... they didn't teach us how to wait tables at bootcamp."

"Just help carry food from the kitchen to their table, Lieutenant."​

"Yay!" Anya cheered as Khan walked off, most likely to the kitchen. She thought he was so nice. Maybe he was going to be her papa? Her mama looked like she liked him too. He seems to know exactly what to say or do to calm her down. And he can cook; so, they don't have to always go out to eat anymore! And it'd be so cool having a Firebender hero as a papa! He must have beat up a thousand earthbender bad guys! Maybe all at once like Fire Lord Ozzy did!

The nice feather-head lady led them to the dining room. Anya had never seen so much shiny gold attached to red walls! A pretty view of the blue sea stretching out from the big windows. Another feather-head came by with some sweet berry tea.

Anya looked up from her tea cup and murmured, "Khan is really nice..."

"He really is!" her mama smiled as well.

"... Is he going to be my new papa?"

Her mama spit out her tea onto the white tablecloth, coughing as her cheeks turned cherry red. "Anya! You can't just say that!"

~ ... But what makes Anya say that?! Is it obvious that I think he's a good man? ~

Anya nodded, smiling like that time she had all the answers to the history exam. "Anya thinks mama likes him because mama looks at him funny. I has seen it before- it's the look that other mamas make when a muscly sailor man passes by! And they say weird things like wanting to climb onto his mast thingie and-"

"Look, Anya!" Her mama interrupted, face glowing red from the blush, and held up something, "Mama got you a plushie! An ostrich-horse!"

Anya immediately forgot everything she wanted to say as she laid eyes on the toy. It had a brown fluffy body, long white tail, cute ears and a bright yellow beakie. Just big enough for her to wrap her arms around it. And it was the cutest toy ever!

"Uwah! It's so cute!" Anya giggled as she pressed her face into its side, "And shhoooo soft! It's almost like Anya's hands are going to sink into it!"

"Yes, Khan made it himself." Her mama said with a smile, and Anya froze.

"Khan can make toys?" She breathed, her green eyes wide in wonder. She never thought that was possible! She always thought toys were something that appeared in the backrooms of toy stores. Maybe some kind of secret tunnel to the Toy Dimension™ that only strong or clever grown-ups like mama could go to. For someone to be able to make them... The potential was limitless! Khan was already a big and strong firebender boss that scares bullies like Hide; and he was really nice to her and even brought her mama back! But now that she finds out that he can make toys?! Out of thin air?! Like the Fire Lord?!

Anya looked at her mother with a serious expression and vowed. "Anya has made her decision: Khan is gonna be my new Papa!"

"Eh?! Anya, you can't just decide that!" Her mama refused as her face turned really red. "Besides, I don't know the first thing to- um..."

Her mama's red eyes looked down, and Anya didn't need to hear her mind to know that her mama wasn't sure how to make Khan her papa.

"Anya will help Mama!" she reassured. All she has to do is get her Mama to climb up on Khan's mast thingie and that'll make him her papa! ... She thinks? Maybe she'll figure it out after she finds out what a 'mast' is.

There was a knock on the door, and Lou Teni stuck her feathered helmet in. "Lady Yor? The pyres are ready."

"Ah, thank you, Lieutenant!" Her mama stood up and smiled back at her. "Anya, do you want to come with me and burn Hide at the steak, or do you want to wait for the food?"

"I want peanuts," Anya replied with a sure nod. As if there was any question! As long as Hide learns his lesson, she's happy. And thankfully, she didn't have to wait long for her food.

Khan came along, his big metal armour clinking under an apron and carrying a couple of steaming bowls filled with a peanuty smell, and a sizzling plate of meat that made her mouth water. He set them all down in front of her. "Here, a prime cut of komodo-rhino steak and some peanuts. I don't know how you usually eat yours, so I prepared them three ways: stewed, boiled, and fried."

Anya felt her jaw drop as she looked at the bowls of peanuts. There were other ways to eat peanuts?! Maybe Khan WAS the Fire Lord?! Because only the Fire Lord was supposed to be super smart and have secret knowledge! All the books and scrolls in class said so!

Before she could stop herself, she was muttering up to him, "... Can you be my papa?"

"What?"

"Um, Khan, what's a mast?" Anya tried again.

"It's the tall posts on a sailboat that holds up the sails," he explained. "Why do you ask?"

"Can Mama climb to the top of it?"

"I'm sure she can." Khan considered. "People often climb masts, especially when they want to spot something from far away at sea, and considering that your mother is stronger and more agile than most so it shouldn't be a problem for her... Our junk ships have masts, do you want her to fly you a flag on top of one?"

"Uh... Anya doesn't know?" Anya pouted. He said yes to having her mama climb his mast. That should make him her papa now, right? But it didn't feel like it did, and she didn't know why! But it held the secret to making Khan her papa; so, she can't give up now! Mission failed. For now. Maybe she had to make mama want to climb onto his mast? Grown ups were weird...

"... Miss Anya?" The nice Lou Teni called out to her as she walked in, "Your mother is currently attending to Hide's punishment, it might get... loud and pungent. Would you like for me to close the windows?"

Anya glanced at the open windows, catching a whiff of burning wood wafting in. Her eyes widened as she realised what she was smelling and she smiled big at the two grown-ups. "No, it's fine, Anya kinda likes the smell!"

"You... do...?" Khan asked, sounding unsure.

Anya briefly glanced at the window, and nodded with a satisfied smile as she continued eating her steak. "Yep! Anya will never forget this smell, because it's the best day in Anya's life!"

"It is...?" Lou Teni asked as if she couldn't believe her.

~ So, this is what it means to be the Thorn Princess' daughter... ~
~ ... Anya's already like her mother while she's this young... ~​

"Yep!" Anya just smiled up at them with her biggest and brightest smile. Of course it was the best day of her life! Her mama returned to take her on a tour around the world. And she was going to get the coolest new papa who can cook, take care of her ouchies and make her all the toys she could ever want. But now it was made even better when, like the cherry on top of an ash-banana shake, the smell of burnt steak filled the air, along with Hide's loud crying and screaming.

Anya just closed her eyes and smiled as she listened to it like music. She explained to them, "With his steak burned and fed to the ostrich-horsey, Hide is never going to be mean to anyone ever again!"

The burnt smell grew stronger; and with an even bigger smile, Anya excitedly added.

"Maybe even for the rest of his life!"​

(A few days Later) [Harbour City, Imperial Capital]

Storm clouds darkened the sky overhead, heralding a terrible storm.

Royalty should never be kept waiting by their subjects.

Those that dared to do so often found themselves at the receiving end of their liege lord's displeasure, their titles and lands stripped from them and granted to their more punctual peers. So imagine Azula's delight when the good commander arrived ahead of schedule, ready to serve her at her leisure.

"Oh, if only all of the Fire Lord's subjects were so eager to serve!" Princess Azula mused with a satisfied smile, her amber eyes shining with a glint of anticipation. She lounged in her red velvet-lined palanquin, carried as it was by a dozen strong men and escorted by twice more in number by Imperial Firebenders. Less for her protection and more as a statement of her authority as they went their way- Off to greet the newly arrived Commander Khan and his 41st Division, still fresh from stealing the glory of conquering Omashu from her and making her look like a Zuko in front of her father.

A devious smile played upon her deftly-painted red lips.

Oh, she definitely hasn't forgotten about that grievous slight against her, and she will certainly have her pound of flesh from the commander all in good time. But for now, her royal procession moved at a leisurely pace through the cobblestone streets of Harbour City.

Her elderly royal advisors, the twins Lo and Li, seemed to disagree with the unhurried pace they set. Sitting on velvet cushions, they spoke, their aged voices alternating.

"In the commander's wake, alliances form, and fortunes bloom."

"To hasten and to scheme, for standing still is to face doom."

"So, you must move swift and you must move sly..."

"... For others will not let such good fortunes lie."​

Azula only needed a moment of thought to decipher the advice hidden in her advisors' rhyming couplet... and she promptly snorted in derision, "I'm the crown princess. It doesn't matter if other Fire Nation nobles meet with him first. Let them rush ahead to the port and fawn over him for all I care, it won't affect my designs for him one bit. Besides, what do you expect me to do? Hurry over to him like some swooning maiden greeting her lover as he returns victorious from the war? I have a reputation to uphold! No. We'll take our time and command all the attention when we do arrive fashionably late."

Azula peered up for a moment to appraise the buntings- those ropes with little triangular flags- as they criss-crossed over the city streets in between the white and red of Harbour City's buildings. Some saw them as mere decorations for the Great War Commemorations, but the truth of the matter was that they marked these roads as hers. They were symbols of how far her influence had stretched from the royal palace, of how her commands were being heeded, and of how the rabble were obediently toiling for her without question.

"Good, the peasantry should know full well who rules over them." She chuckled with relish.

The cobblestone streets teemed with onlookers as her royal procession passed through, and Azula's lips tugged in a smirk as she drank in their fearful obeisance. Merchants who had been barking their wares moments ago now quieted down, meanwhile common folk obediently bowed with heads low. Even in the few weeks that she had been grounded, her subjects had learned that- in her realm- she did not need their love, only their fear.

An Imperial Firebender lifted the curtain of her palanquin, "My Princess, we have arrived at the harbour district, but there seems to be a... line for Commander Khan's ship. Nobles and officials with their servants and entourages."

Azula frowned. Of course the nobility and the merchants would be fawning over him, of course. After all, he was their generous benefactor who had wooed them into his sphere of influence with generous gifts he had plundered from the Omashu-Gaoling Route, the Earth Kingdom's most lucrative trade route. She herself had been the recipient of an especially fine jewellery box carved from solid jade. But beyond just giving out spoils of war, the Commander was also a war hero of meteoric fame and immense promise. He was someone who was on the fast track to becoming a very important person; or in other words, someone to quickly befriend if one wanted to share in the glory and success he was being showered in. She wouldn't be here- about to personally greet him to the Imperial Capital- if he wasn't.

And apparently, she was at the back of the spirits-damned line to do that. That wouldn't do at all.

"Push us through crowds, brandish your fire in their faces if need be." Azula commanded with a displeased glower as the scent of seawater wafted in, "Those of the royal family do not wait in line."

"Yes, my Princess." the Imperial Firebender bowed and rushed ahead into the crowd, his voice echoing.

"Make way! Make way for the Crown Princess of the Fire Nation! Make way for Princess Azula!"

Squawks and shrieks of alarm rang out from the crowd as her royal procession shoved them aside, and a small smile of amusement tugged on Azula's lips. How fitting that her arrival would be announced by the sound of her lessers being pushed aside.

Eventually, her palanquin came to a halt- She had arrived. Azula stood up and pushed through the silken curtains of her palanquin. The crowd parted before her Imperial Firebenders as they rolled out a red carpet onto the stone wharf for her to walk on.

Silence permeated throughout the wharf. Nothing but the crashing of waves and the caw of sea ravens as she finally laid her eyes on her Commander Khan. A metal giant, just as the rumours said, towering over everyone else like some monument come to life, and his Grim skull-faced helmet staring directly at her. Broad shouldered, barrel chested, encased in spiked plate armour so thick one could line a Tundra Tank with it and call it a Heavy Tundra Tank... Commander Khan looked every bit the living embodiment of the Fire Nation war machine as the rumours said: Fearsome, proud and wholly unstoppable.

... Yes, he will make for a fine centrepiece in her plans.

He was undoubtedly pleased with himself that he arrived earlier than expected, and Azula appreciated the effort, but...

"Took you long enough, Commander." Her voice cut sharply through the silence, "Do you enjoy making your Crown Princess wait like this?"

... it wouldn't do if he was too proud of himself. She preferred her pawns fearful and driven to meet the expectations that she set, not theirs.

"Princess Azula, it is truly humbling to witness your eagerness to welcome me." Commander Khan's voice rumbled, his voice reverberating within his helmet and giving it an almost supernatural quality. "Your graciousness knows no bounds, as you've taken the initiative to bless me with your esteemed presence. I must express my gratitude for your enthusiasm in our meeting. But rest assured, my dedication to duty shall always ensure that I arrive precisely when I mean to."

Azula read between the lines...

'You're the one who rushed over here to meet me, Princess. And I came here as fast as I wanted to.'​

... and repressed the urge to lob a bolt of blue fire in his face.

So, the commander can play the game of nobles. It matters little, still within the bounds of her plans.

But before she could retaliate by sinking her own verbal barbs into him, the crowd parted behind her: A new arrival. A Fire Sage, an elderly man in red robes, pushed through the crowd escorted by a small contingent of Imperial Firebenders. A murmur swept through the onlooking crowd of nobles and officials as they all recognised who that was. A royal messenger straight from the office of her father, the Fire Lord.

"Commander Khan of the 3rd Army's 41st Division." The Fire Sage's surprisingly loud and stately voice greeted with surety. "I bear a message dictated to me by Fire Lord Ozai himself."

The flutter of paper resounded as fire sage unfurled a gold-gilded scroll. His beady eyes squinting at it for a moment, then dictated its contents with a surprisingly loud and stately voice.

= F =​

"Your Excellency, it is my honour to be in the presence of a true hero. The Fire Lord has heard of your astounding military accomplishments and wishes to extend his personal invitation to you."

"By the decree of His Royal Majesty, Fire Lord Ozai, Lord of all the Fire Islands and exalted ruler of our inextinguishable Fire Nation, it is with immense pleasure that we extend our heartfelt congratulations to Commander Khan, renowned defender of the realm against the Earth Kingdom foe. Your exceptional valour and unwavering dedication in the face of adversity have spread throughout our Fire Islands, inspiring all who have heard of your triumphs."

"By the Fire Lord's request, you are cordially invited to the grand halls of the Royal Palace to participate in a war council composed of His Excellency's most honorable Joint Lords of Staff. The gathering will take place on the twenty-seventh day of this month, at the hour of seven in the evening. The Fire Lord eagerly awaits your presence, wishing to express his gratitude personally."

= F =​

Azula contained the snarl of rage. But only barely. His popularity among the rabble mattered little to her. How dare he deceive her father with his peasant-pleasing tactics? Her father's praise should be hers and hers alone! Not with some metal pawn that the crowds of maggots have come to worship! It was an outrage!

"Thank you, good sir." Commander Khan's voice boomed, his voice reverberating within his helmet and giving it an almost supernatural quality. "I am honoured to accept our Fire Lord's invitation and shall make my way to the palace with great joy burning in my heart at the appointed hour. Please convey my deepest gratitude to His Royal Majesty for this distinguished privilege."

With that, the Fire Sage bowed again and left as quietly as he arrived.

And Azula felt it.

All around them, flitting through the bustling crowd of nobles and high-ranking officials, whispers of intrigue swirled like an invisible current. Polite smiles masked a web of ulterior motives and strategic considerations as they vyed to secure their own positions within the intricate hierarchy of the Fire Nation. The eyes of the assembled elite, flickering between her and the renowned commander, meticulously evaluated the dynamics between them. Weighing promises and allegiances against potential rewards and gains in status, desperately attempting to discern the most advantageous person to align themselves with.

Her, Crown Princess Azula, their future Fire Lord whose flaming iron-fisted rule over the Imperial Capital was nigh unbreakable...

Him, War Hero Commander Khan, the rising flame whose presence here carried the undeniable promises of immense glory and wealth...

Amidst this balancing act on the tightrope between fear and greed, the air seemed to crackle with the anticipation of shifting alliances and betrayals. Harkening back to the tumultuous days of Fire Lord Yosor and Avatar Szeto, the shadowy dance of courtiers, spies and assassins have come again. The stakes were high in the treacherous world of the Fire Nation's political landscape and a single misstep could prove... deadly.

Distant thunder rumbled as the storm clouds loomed closer to the city.

"Come! You may escort your princess back safely to the palace, Commander." Azula graced the commander with her most hospitable smile... to hide the burning inferno of anger raging within her.

"It will be an honour, Princess Azula." He replied, and Azula smiled as her amber eyes met with the commander's emerald.

They had already consumed the world in the flames of war. And now... Scant weeks from what was to be the largest naval siege in written history... And mere months away from their total victory in the Great War that has lasted almost a hundred years. A different kind of war erupts within their Imperial Capital... an old dance that the noble houses of the Fire nation knew well.

The Grand Game was afoot once more.​

- Princesses of Fire and Fury End -
​

AN:

This chapter *still* occurs at the end of the episode... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 17 - The Northern Air Temple). Taking place after (The Deserter) and right before (The Waterbending Master).

And we're back to Mount & Blade mechanics... Lol. You know the one: get famous enough and sometimes you get invitations from specific lords... I wish I could write in a tournament (Another staple mechanic of the MnB), because I need a narrative excuse for a rematch between Khan and the Kyoshi Warriors.

The Lieutenant's identity is officially... Maki Oze from Fire Force. I'll be honest, I don't know who that is. Lol. But I'll binge the manga and anime and see what I can do. She's still not getting named until ATLOK though.

Having been a stupid kid once... I unironically thought that was how toys work. That, in the backroom of every toy store, there was some mystical portal to the Toy Dimension™ from which the nice people of the toy store get the toys from. A magical place where every type of toy existed, and none of them had those evil price tags that make parents tell you to put it back on the shelf. And that any kid only had to be as strong and brave as a grown up so that they can enter through the portal, take as many toys as they can carry in their little arms and return before their parents come looking for them.

Omake: The Saga of Anya

Pushing down her nervousness, Korra strolled into the temple's library as casually as she could. She flashed a smile and waved at the White Lotus guard stationed near the entrance. Yeah, just the Avatar in her usual blue Water Tribe outfit, nothing suspicious here.

"Korra?"

...And just like that, she was caught. It figures, her luck never seemed to be on her side.

Seated at the far end of the library, basking in the warm afternoon sun streaming through an open window, was Jinora, Tenzin's eldest daughter and Korra's mentor. Her slender form perched on a cushion as her gray eyes peered up from her open book, jaw dropping in disbelief at the sight of Korra.

"Hey, Jinora," Korra greeted the younger girl, attempting to appear calm. "Don't mind me, just..."

"...willingly venturing into the library that you've been avoiding like the plague for weeks?" Jinora arched a critical eyebrow.

"Yeah! I figured if Tenzin's teaching isn't cutting it for me, I might find something useful here!" Korra grinned, trying to divert Jinora's attention. "So, what are you reading?"

Jinora's gaze remained fixed on Korra, her gray eyes silently conveying that she wasn't buying her explanation. "Oh, this?" she replied, holding up the book. "It's a captivating biography of Anya, the Great Khan's daughter. We have an extra copy if you want to read it together."

Now it was Korra's turn to raise a critical eyebrow.

"Reading together? Who does that? I'll pass." She chortled, turning the offer down. "Biographies sound dull... like all books."

At that statement, Jinora just smirked knowingly, and Korra realised that she had just outed her hidden intentions.

"Okay, so you're not actually here because you wanted to start learning from books." Jinora concluded, seeing through her lie, "Why are you really here, Korra?"

"Alright, but keep it a secret," Korra whispered conspiratorially. "I met this incredibly attractive guy—like seriously, he's smoking hot. He's really tall, built like a brick shi-... like a brickhouse!"

"You can swear around me, you know. I won't tell, dad." Jinora winked playfully. "So, what does this mysterious guy have to do with the Avatar going to the one place she fears to tread?"

"Ha ha. I'm getting there." Korra rolled her eyes, "I'm here at a library, because guess what? He's a book lover too. So, I thought, 'Hey, if I read a couple of books here, I might be able to impress him with my bookishness.'"

Jinora blinked, "Wait... is this by any chance the Sato family's bodyguard?"

"Wait, how do you know about that Asami girl's bodyguard?" Korra asked, surprised.

"I have my ways," Jinora replied with a mischievous smile. "Let's just say that I like to keep up with the news around Republic City and keep it at that. So, am I right, Korra?"

Korra threw her hands up in surrender, "Yeah, you're right. But, in my defence, that Asami girl didn't seem all that interested in him! Can you believe it? If I had a bodyguard like him, I'd be all over him."

"But you have the White Lotus," Jinora pointed out.

"Yeah, and if you ever find out that one of them secretly happens to be a seven-foot-tall hunk with abs conveniently at face level for you to grind your face against, AND who also happens to be sophisticated enough to read books in his spare time, let me know!"

Jinora hummed with a sly smile on her face, "Hmm... so he's passionate about books and hot, huh?"

"Hey, I saw him first!" Korra gave her a pointed look, but the airbender girl just giggled it off.

"Alright~ If you want me to recommend a book or two, I can help." Jinora offered, pondering her options before gesturing toward her own book. "I think this biography could be a good first choice. It's non-fiction, so he can't possibly dismiss it as anything 'childish' like other book critics do about fiction. And with its connections to both recent and ancient history, it wouldn't be strange for the Avatar to take an interest. Plus, Anya's story is intertwined with some major battles in the Hundred Year War, so if he's anything like a hot-blooded male, you'll have a good bet starting up conversations about battles."

"That... actually sounds exactly what I'm looking for! Thanks, Jinora!" Korra grinned as she accepted the book from Jinora. "What's the title of this book, anyway?"

Jinora just twirled her finger- gesturing to her to flip the book over.

The Saga of Anya the Evil
​
AN:

This was supposed to be the opening scene of the chapter... But it would have been too jarring to see ATLOK characters straight away. I didn't want to leave it out though. So, have an omake.

And this is why I wanted the Lieutenant to be Lieutenant Visha from Youjo Senki... Instead of a reincarnated salaryman little girl with a hilarious propensity for misunderstandings and war crimes, we get an esper little girl with a hilarious propensity for misunderstandings and war crimes.

For those wondering how Khan is in ATLOK... I found a way to do it while staying true to the spiritual ATLA theme, while also having a Gamer twist, while also preserving the waifus, while tying into the story and plotline of ATLOK... while also remaining pretty simple and funny. It's going to be fire.
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Ghjikl, Gulski, r1516 and 1,654 others
Infonticus
Jun 21, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 13: Making Friends in the Fire Islands
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Sep 22, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,018
Chapter 13: Making Friends in the Fire Islands
[Harbour City Plaza, Imperial Capital]

'Does Azula know?'​

Even as my heavy footsteps stomped a steady cadence on the cobblestone streets, and the distant thunder angrily bounced off the white facades of the city's red-roofed buildings, the question haunted my every step. I glanced at the ostentatious palanquin beside me, urgent questions tumbling in my head.

'Does Azula know of my plans?'

'Has she already moved to counter them?'

'Should I just kill her now while I still can?'
​
My armoured hand twitched for my weapon. I was far from naive. Between my Reputation, my military achievements and how Admiral Zhao had first reacted to me, I realised early on that interested parties would try to make me their political pawn as soon as I arrived at port... the Crown Princess Azula being the most concerning of them all. So, for the past six days and six nights on that Fire Nation Cruiser, I painstakingly formulated strategies and backup plans to keep my freedom- to prevent myself from being turned into a political sockpuppet for someone else's social standing.

For having the potential to be a fearsome tool...
{Azula} Reputation : -20 -> -10​

... It would have been nice to have been proven wrong. That it was all petty little fears about the princess' scheming reputation. That my preemptive measures were uncalled for. That I had nothing to worry about from my fellow Fire Nation citizens. However, the mere fact that the crown princess climbed all the way down from her lofty palace to greet me at the docks only confirmed everything I feared: Azula had plans for me.

Thunder resounded as if presenting that question again.

'Does Azula know what I'm planning?'​

If she did, then she didn't show it- staying quiet for most of the journey back to the palace; and I would have considered the silent, scheming approval as progress if I wasn't her prospective pawn in whatever game she was playing here. But ultimately, Azula was the one to break the silence.

"I understand that this is the first time you've been to the Imperial Capital." Her smooth voice flitted through the silk curtains. "Count your luck, commander, you arrived during my tenure as Chief Organizer of the Great War Commemorations. You'll never see the lazy peons of Harbour City be this... aware of their proper place in the Fire Nation. I have heard that you're something of an organiser yourself..."

She slid the curtain aside to reveal her sharp features staring at me- likely to gauge my reaction. "Well? What do you think of my work, Commander?"

I made a brief show of my skull-faced helmet glancing around taking particular note of the type of businesses that seemed to dominate the city's main avenue. Storefronts that have stood for generations rang out with the sounds of cottage industries: The clacking of looms as tailors hurried to make more banners for the city's celebrations, the splatter of clay as potters shaped party mugs for the masses, and the bark of shopskeeps as they peddled their colourful umbrellas to the crowds in the face of the incoming storm.

"It's all very productive and well organised, Princess Azula."

For saying just the right compliment...
{Azula} Reputation : -10 -> -2​

Her red-painted lips smirked as she preened under praise, her voice steeped in smug self-assurance, "I like your choice of words. Productive. Organised."

'... but also wasteful and short-sighted.' I privately finished as I glanced around us again.

The Fire Nation Capital was certainly leagues ahead of the Earth Kingdom villages. People often lauded that as some kind of great achievement... until they found out that was a low bar when they practically had near unlimited resources.

The Fire Nation did indeed have a near endless inflow of raw materials from captured Earth Kingdom territory. I knew this because I was the one who secured those resources and organised the supply lines! My 41st Division bled and died on several occasions just to give the Fire Nation all the raw resources they needed. To implement all the infrastructure expansion projects required to propel our civilization higher. To build brand new workshops and factories to manufacture an endless line of tundra tanks, trains and ships. To build whatever wonder weapon they had devised. To win this war.

Instead, where did all the wealth go?

I tilted my head up to stare at the answer: Towering above the buildings was a gargantuan iron monument of Fire Lord Ozai, one of four that I had spotted around the city. An imperious expression of cold superiority on his metal face as he made the Sign of the Fire with his massive wrought-iron hands.

"Gorgeous pieces, aren't they?" Azula mentioned with a proud smile, "I had them commissioned by the best iron sculptor in the Fire Islands. After all, what better to remind the peasantry who they work hard for than an actual physical reminder that stands above them?"

"I also couldn't help but notice that your likeness had been immortalised in more... humble statues. I caught a glimpse of a sculptor's workshop full of them as we passed by."

"Oh, you saw those?" She acted innocent, casually twirling a lock of black hair on a slender finger, "Statues of Princess Azula the Architect. I only had those commissioned, because the noble clans erected their own monuments for some imagined contributions to the Fire Nation. You know how the noble clans are- just because the war has brought us amazing making themselves seem more important than they actually are, and always testing the Throne's patience."

That gave me pause. Seriously? We have been spilling Fire Nation blood across every field in the Earth Kingdom... for this? Literal vanity projects and aristocratic dickwaving? This was Captain Tuan all over again. Gluttonous fools who thought that simply because I was willing to follow their direction meant that they could just strong-arm me into meek subservience.

My helmet hid my furious expression as I spoke in an even tone, "The sheer gall of feeling entitled to such praise. Much less coming from themselves."

For commiserating with her...
{Azula} Reputation : -2 -> 6​

"Indeed." Azula nodded. "Those noble clans have been uncooperative- almost to the point of rebelliousness. If not for them dragging their heels, we would be besieging the walls of Ba Sing Se by now... I'm glad that we have the same opinion on the subject, Commander."

I held back a scoff of derision. I certainly had an opinion, and that was how the Fire Nation was apparently weighed down by the whims of egomaniacs. That would not have been as aggravating if it were the whims of competent egomaniacs, but that clearly wasn't the case here. I suppose I should not have expected more from Fire Lord Ozai. With how many times giant statues of him have been erected, I should have fully realised that sooner. And his daughter was no different.

I did not mind the war crimes and injustices perpetrated by the Fire Nation. I could even bear with the convoluted politics that I had to work with. But deliberately wasting the resources that should have turned the tide of this war? The same resources that me and mine had fought so hard to gain?

Thunder growled overhead.

"I'm glad that you arrived so promptly." Azula began, her voice suddenly taking on a honeyed, diplomatic tone, "We don't have to be so... guarded around each other. We both serve the Fire Lord and his interests, do we not?"

"Yes. For Fire Lord and Fire Nation." I readily nodded. 'For now.'

The Princess' red lips curved in a charming smile, ignorant to my treasonous thoughts as she spoke.

"Quite. You've forged an impressive service record, Commander Khan. As a token of gratitude, the throne bestows upon you the rare privilege of collaborating with your Princess once more. As I recall, it was I who generously accelerated your rise to the esteemed rank of Commander." Her gaze intensified, bordering on a glare. "I'm still waiting for that thank you, Commander."

'You owe me one, Khan.' was the message that she wanted to convey, and I had to push down the bile.

"Thank you, Princess Azula... for your unparalleled generosity to a humble servant of the Fire Lord such as myself." I said politely... before continuing as impolitely as I dared. "So, speak plainly, Princess Azula. What do you want?"

She huffed in tolerance at my slight disrespect.

"I suppose we are short on time..." She muttered off-handedly before aiming a hard stare at me. "At the war council meeting, I am going to forward a military proposal to my father- your Fire Lord. Given your sterling reputation, you will no doubt be asked for your opinion on it. And I fully expect it to be nothing less than glowing praise for my proposal. Have I made myself clear, Commander?"

I knew enough of Fire Nation politics to know that it was no small thing that the Princess was essentially asking me to do: She wanted me to swear allegiance to her political faction. In front of all the generals. Right to the Fire Lord's face. There would be no going back from that. But I wasn't sold on the idea of signing up for 'Team Azula', so...

"Perhaps we should discuss the proposal that I would be supporting, Princess Azula?" I asked.

For questioning her orders...
{Azula} Reputation : 20 -> 0​

"There's nothing to discuss." She snapped with an annoyed look, "All that is required of you is your unquestioning, obedient support of your Crown Princess- the bare minimum of any Fire Nation Citizen, Commander!"

Her words were a not-so-subtle warning for me to fall in line, but it also revealed a facet of her goals. She wanted this badly for me to support her proposal in the war council? A proposal big enough that she would seek a newcomer to Fire Nation politics like me to weigh in? And important enough for her to be secretive about it too? There were just too many questions, and no way to know for sure what Azula truly wanted my backing for.

"I serve the Fire Lord." I loudly said, completely sidestepping her demand with another non-answer. "I will give him my honest input, nothing less. However, I am certain that your proposal deserves all the support it can muster. With all due respect, princess."

'Just because you're the boss' daughter doesn't mean that you're the boss of me. Kiss my ass, princess.'

Her amber eyes stared at me with furious intensity as her sharp voice whipped with barely-restrained rage, "Let it not be said that I didn't make an attempt to get along with you, Commander. But just because you have the common folk chanting your name you can forget who rules the Fire Nation. So, for your sake, you would do well to remember that I am next in the line of succession for the Throne of the Fire Lord; and as Chief Organiser of the Great War Commemorations, I run this city."

'... and I am tempted to take this city from you.' growled the thought in my head.

I certainly could. Between my elite and lethal 41st Division, my cadre of stealthy Kyoshi Warriors, and the Thorn Princess herself waiting to be unleashed on her murderous rampage, I had the means to take the city.

Through my skull helmet, I took measure of Azula's lithe body encased in elegant light armour... and I knew she wouldn't stand a chance against me. Not her, nor her father nor any scion from all the noble clans. The nobles themselves were nothing special- weaklings riding on the coattails and successes of their much more capable ancestors. Meanwhile, Ozai and Azula- although in excellent fighting shape- were pretty much one-trick ponies. The Royal family were too dependent on their Firebending to win their battles. I could simply dedicate my Firebending to cancel out theirs, and they'll be left in a battle of strength, speed and endurance... against me. And we all know who would win in that fight.

Funny how the ruling class of Firebending royalty seemed a lot less influential and important when I knew that I could just walk over to them and smash their brains across the walls should I choose to do so.

Almost too easy... I could have myself crowned Fire Lord before the local garrison could even mount an organised response. And with my [Siren's Voice], I had the advantage in negotiations with the Fire Nation military and the Fire Sages to join my faction. My rule over the Fire Nation will have been stabilised before spring ends. The modernisation of industry, the rebirth of the military... all of it coming together just in time for me to utilise Sozin's Comet and burn the Water Tribes and Earth Kingdom to the ground. I could lift the Fire Nation into a Golden Age from which it will never fall from.

... but not just yet.

A coup d'etat for the Throne of the Fire Lord was a massive gamble, prone to fail at a dozen different places due to a hundred factors out of my control. And although I wasn't averse to taking risks, I would certainly prefer to have the deck stacked heavily in my favour. Before I could seize the throne, I needed people to see me as a potential ruler- ready to welcome me with open arms. I needed them to recognise my {Right to Rule}.

And that all starts here in the Capital City with the Royal Family. With Azula.

"Very well, my Crown Princess..." I replied, my voice steady and respectful- outwardly at least. Better to be "friends" with the princess. For the moment. "I'd like to reiterate that your place in the line of succession is unquestionable... as is my allegiance to the Fire Nation and her Fire Lord, whoever that may be."

There. I extended an olive branch of peace. Or at least, an olive branch of ceasefire. But as soon as I finished speaking, Azula smirked with sadistic glee. Her golden eyes practically glowing with delight as if she had watched me walk into a verbal trap... which I probably did.

"That is good to hear, Commander." She said as if relishing the twist of a knife. "Because you're about to have a chance to prove your words. I fully expect you to display that measure of loyalty to the Throne at that War Council. After all, you couldn't have possibly been lying to your Crown Princess about your loyalty, have you?"

That wasn't what I meant at all. Give this girl an inch, and she'll take a mile. I opened my mouth to correct myself-

"Your Crown Princess has returned! Open the Gates of Hari Bulkan!"​

- but the command of the lead {Imperial Firebender} preempted whatever I was about to say. The twenty-foot-tall gate of red-painted iron and polished brass flames was opened by its dedicated guard of Imperial Firebenders- each of them charged with ensuring that the lowly rabble of Harbour City did not pollute Hari Bulkan with their presence. With a loud metallic groan, the gates swung open to reveal a lush landscape of towering pagodas, luxurious manors and the Royal Palace itself. {Hari Bulkan}, the royal city within the caldera... practically unreachable by the coming storm while everyone else had to make do.

"Thank you for escorting me home, Commander." Azula smiled, likely feeling like she got what she wanted from me.

My teeth ground together, "The honour was all mine, Princess."

"Of course it was." She said with an amused chuckle. "I shall send for you in a few days. I require you and your troops to march in the Great War Commemorations after all. I'm sure that a loyal soldier such as yourself would be thankful for having the Crown Princess give her personal touch. Until then, I'll leave you this question to think deeply on, Commander... Are you willing to seize the opportunity that destiny has placed before you, or will you let it slip through your fingers?"

With a satisfied smile, she drove her Royal Procession past the threshold of Hari Bulkan's gilded gates- practically symbolic of her separating herself from the common Fire Nation citizenry, including me. Right before the great gates slammed shut in my face with a resounding boom. And as I stood there, contemplating the encounter, I couldn't help but smile underneath my skull-faced helmet.

That was not the question she should have been asking. No, the right question to ask would be...

'Where have all my soldiers and companions been this entire time?'

The guards kept their eyes on me, wary of the giant that loitered around the entrance of Hari Bulkan. I ignored them- waiting patiently until finally, the smaller side gate beside the main one opened and out walked familiar red-armoured figures- their plumed helmets decorated with ostrich-horse feathers.

"I suppose Azula didn't know after all..." I mused aloud as I greeted them with a salute, "The Princess definitely would have stopped you if she knew what we had planned. Wouldn't she, Lieutenant?"

"Likely so, sir." She answered as she and her squad returned a crisp salute, "The other squads should be reporting back on their assignments soon as well, and our camp by the beach should be roughly established by now."

"Excellent." I grinned wider under my helmet, "He liked my gift, didn't he?"

"I've never seen him up close before, sir. But... I think he liked it."

"Excellent." My voice rumbled as I led my Scouts on our trek back down to Harbour city, "We've played our best Pai Sho piece at the right time. Now, we only need to press our advantage."

For your thoughtful and very valuable gesture of unparalleled loyalty and generosity...
{Fire Lord Ozai} Reputation: 40 -> 60​

After all, it was a lesser known fact that all the Great Khans in history were unparalleled in their ability to make friends.

(Later) [The Royal Palace]

Azula's jaw clenched as she angrily marched through the lavish palace halls. It was just halfway past morning, and she was already ready to reduce someone to ash, not even the kowtowing of servants as she passed by was enough to appease her.

"Who does that lowly commander think he is?" She growled to herself, unable to contain her frustration in just her thoughts anymore. "I'm the Crown Princess. He should be eager- grateful - for a chance to serve me like all the others! Oh, he's certainly capable, but not as irreplaceable as he has clearly deluded himself to be. He should consider himself fortunate that he agreed in the end, or I would have burnt him to ash right then and there!"

Her perfectly manicured fists clenched. Perhaps it was because that oversized foot soldier had been out in the field for so long compared to all the other officers who she had convinced to give their support here in the Royal Capital.

"That must be it: He didn't fear me enough." Azula muttered under her breath, "... But that can be easily fixed."

If her status as Crown Princess wasn't enough to put the fear of the Fire Nation's Royal Family into him, then the Fire Lord himself will more than suffice. And all she needed to do was to tell her father that the commander was being uncooperative and she would be able to dole out whatever punishment she deem fit. She had quite a few in mind already. Yes, he'll be... obedient by the time I'm through with him.

Azula stopped in front of the ornate doorway leading to her father's private tea room. And after schooling her features to be the picture of calm, she gently pushed the door open and was immediately met by the fragrant scent of rare teas. Tapestries depicting the glory of past battles and conquests decorated the red walls, and the opened windows afforded a view of the pristine gardens and pagodas of Hari Bulkan.

Her father, Fire Lord Ozai, sat on a grand throne-like chair by one such window, sipping tea from an elaborate porcelain tea set said to be a millennium old. His long, dagger-like beard and pointed red-and-gold robes giving him an imposing presence that demanded respect.

Azula took a step forward, announcing her presence, "Father, I apologise for intruding..."

"My daughter..." Fire Lord Ozai greeted her, "it is... uncharacteristic of you to interrupt my afternoon tea. Do you have some great matters to discuss?"

"No, nothing too important, my Fire Lord, just that the festival preparations for the Great War Commemoration are going smoothly- ahead of schedule even. But you should know: The infantry-division commander who took Omashu, he-"

"Ah, Commander Khan..." He hummed with a sip of his tea, his voice holding a hint of pride, "Yes, I had heard that you had personally treated him to a warm reception. And given the reports from the western theatre, I believe that was a wise course of action. It seems every time we cross paths, he carries another boon for me..."

Azula pressed her lips into a thin line- an annoying prick of jealousy poking her as her father spoke of that oaf with pride. But moreover... How did her father know that Khan was here? Has she fallen so out of favour with him that he has had her followed? She supposed it did not matter at the moment. Right now, she had to turn her father against that overgrown peasant who dared act defiant to her.

"Yes, about the Commander, father." She smoothly began, "He has been... uncooperative with my intended vision for the commemorations. I request your permission to discipline him. He cannot be allowed to flaunt my authority-"

"No." Her father shot her a stern gaze as his voice grew cold. "In fact, you must treat Commander Khan with the utmost respect, Azula. I shall expect nothing less of you."

Confused and no small amount angry, Azula nonetheless forced a polite smile onto her face even as her fists clenched furiously. "I- Of course, Father. I will give him all the respect he deserves. But if I may ask... what did the Honourable Commander Khan do to earn this respect from his Crown Princess?"

"What indeed..." Her father muttered. She heard the soft clink of porcelain on wood as he set down his tea and looked out the grand window- the splendour of Hari Bulkan on display. "My father, Fire Lord Azulon, reigned over the Fire Nation for 75 years. And yet, here I am: Less than five years into mine and it is my hands that all the world under Heaven will fall into. Certainly auspicious in every sense of the word..."

That told her nothing. Her father was clearly distracted, so Azula decided to get to the bottom of it. She spoke up, "Perhaps my humble self can supply you with some meagre insight, father?"

"Yes, perhaps you could..." He agreed, and his golden eyes sharply gazed down at her, "My daughter, what do you think I could achieve if I ruled the Fire Nation forever?"

"Forever? Father, that's..." A chill ran down her spine as she read into her father's words. "Do you mean the myth of immortality?"

Fire Lord Ozai's gaze sharpened, and a sly grin danced upon his lips. "Ah, my dear Azula... I have recently been enlightened by the wisdom that in the vast cosmos, nothing is beyond reach. Nothing. Ancient lost arts, mystical relics... and yes, even the promise of eternal life."

Azula's heart pounded in her chest. Her father's sudden interest with immortality was a concerning revelation. If he found a way... if he were to achieve such power, what was to become of her: The heir-apparent? What would she be when the Throne she was to inherit could never be inherited in the first place? The silence stretched, and Azula watched Fire Lord Ozai casually sip on his tea, his eyes never leaving his view of the Capital City. And for the first time, Azula found her gaze drawn to it- to the teacup in her father's hand. Realisation struck her as powerfully as one of her own lightning bolts, her golden eyes widening with horror as she finally recognized the liquid that her father had been drinking.

There can be no mistaking what it was!

"Father..." her whisper cut through the silence, "That's-"

"-Commander Khan's unfinished Elixir of Immortality." Fire Lord Ozai smiled knowingly as if he had been waiting for her to say that. "Just after you left, soldiers from the commander's division came bearing tribute. Certainly a novel sight here in Hari Bulkan with their feather-plumed helmets as they carried that gilded loot chest to me. They insisted that they give their tribute personally to me. Even swore on their honour and their lives that it was worthy of my attention... and they were correct: This is truly a gift worthy for the Firelord that is to rule the entire world."

Azula balled her fists, so tight that she could almost feel her manicured nails break the skin. So, that was why the Khan had been so belligerent- he had been playing her for the fool! That peasant only accompanied her to distract her while his underlings curried favours! Who knows how many Noble Clans were now indebted to him! But most unforgivable of all was that he contacted her father and tricked him into giving him his respect. No one but her should have that! That would have been the final straw for her, but instead, Azula's eyes widened slightly as she saw the opportunity presented to her.

With an innocent smile on her red lips, Azula sweetly suggested, "Then would it not be better to keep Commander Khan here in the Capital where he can work endlessly towards your elixir, father? I can take his place and lead the conquest on the North Pole in your name!"

"Hoarding his alchemical expertise was my first thought as well..." Her father nodded, "But no, I cannot keep him here, as much as I would desire it. His soldiers have revealed to me that Commander Khan must explore the lands in search of rare ingredients and lost alchemical wisdom if he is to complete my elixir. And he will, because I command it so. And one day soon..."

He extended a hand out to the sky as if to grip the sun in his fingers.

"I shall reach Heaven with Red Bull."​

Azula's mind raced at that. It was clear he wouldn't budge on that decision. She scrambled for a different approach, her golden eyes flickering around the room for ideas... and found herself looking at the empty seat beside her father where her mother used to sit. Of course! Azula hurriedly spoke up, "The commander is too valuable to be given free reign, father; we must actively enforce his loyalty!"

His eyes and voice hardened at the possibility of betrayal, "Oh? You believe that the commander's loyalty may be swayed by others, Azula?"

"It is an open secret that Commander Khan is a man of great appetites." She helpfully supplied a slightly embellished fact, "He's commonly known to collect women for... 'interviews.' And when rumours of this elixir eventually spread among the noble clans, it is inevitable that some uppity clan head- of which the Fire Nation has many of- will offer up his nieces or daughters to the commander in exchange for a sip of that elixir. However loyal Khan may be, this is a risk that cannot be allowed, father."

"Indeed, it cannot." He agreed- stroking his beard; and Azula was quick to press her momentum.

"With your permission then, father, I'll accompany him and keep him in line!" She suggested- bowing her head, "I will ensure that he's safe; and more importantly, loyal to you so that the elixir will fall into your hands, and only your hands."

"An interesting proposal." He mused, turning his gaze out the window before muttering to himself, "Indeed... When the Commander finishes the elixir, I will certainly be freed of many responsibilities that come with the Throne of the Fire Lord. As I should be. However, it would be ignominious for the world's immortal ruler to be bogged down administrating the mortal realm. I will require loyal vassals to oversee the provinces of my world... and who would be better candidates than my own bloodline? If Khan was honour-bound to Azula... yes, that would work in my favour. And once again, a skilled herbalist once again finds their way into the Royal Palace... how inauspicious."

Azula's heart suddenly sped up in a panic.

She was smart enough to pick up on the way he worded that... It sounded like her father was thinking of trading her away just to ensure the loyalty of some worthless, elixir-mixing commoner. That was insane! Absolutely unthinkable! .... And after thinking rationally about it for a second, Azula calmed down. Yes, it was indeed unthinkable. She was certain beyond a shadow of a doubt that father considered her far too valuable. She was his daughter and only remaining heir. Her father lov- He carried affecti- Fire Lord Ozai had an emotional attachment to his daughter. And he certainly wasn't about to discard her like that.

Her father's sharp eyes found hers, "Azula, my daughter, it was bold of you to suggest this, but I believe this had not come at a better time. I have had you trained in your many duties as a Princess of the Fire Nation; and now, the time has come for you to fulfill what is undoubtedly your most important responsibility in that role. I will not accept anything less than your complete dedication in this task."

Yes... her father was clearly still talking about making her Khan's direct superior, likely a special ad hoc rank within the Fire Nation Military.

Finally, she will be able to make her father see Khan for what he was: a disobedient peasant dog. And although it wouldn't have been her first choice, this way works just as fine for her too. She will be the one to hold that dog's leash and train him to be obedient. And when the Commander finally finishes the elixir and his usefulness has come to an end... Well, she'll have to put him down, of course. A single bout of misfortune on the battlefield was often all it takes.

So, Azula just smiled as she replied, "Of course, father. You can rely on me. I will excel in this role just as I had in all the others you have tasked me to. Is there an official title I can use to inform him of this new arrangement, father?"

"It would be unwise for me to make any formal announcements just yet." Her father considered, "But you are still Crown Princess of the Fire Nation, and your presence around him should be enough to dissuade any noble's spawn planning to whimper to his door. This also does not excuse you from your responsibilities towards the Great Commemorations, so I suggest you take this opportunity to establish a... workable relationship with one another. And remember, Azula. Khan MUST finish that elixir, and it MUST find its way in my hands."

"Naturally, father."

"Prepare quickly then." He snapped impatiently, "Some noble is likely dreaming of things beyond their assigned station right now."

Bowing, Azula retreated from the tea room; and as soon as the doors clicked shut behind her, she allowed herself a victorious grin. She had done it! Khan thought he was so clever going behind her back to curry favour with her father, but look where it had gotten him- She was now his direct superior!

"Khan... your days are numbered." Auzla muttered to herself as she headed back to her own quarters.

Thunder echoed through the palace walls, and the drum of heavy rain soon followed.

She smiled at that. Good, that should buy her some time. The 41st Division's designated area of their military camp was some ways into the countryside- an effort on her part to isolate the commander. And now, the decision that was now bearing fruit, the representatives of noble clans will refuse to meet under such heavy rains. That will give her enough time to make the necessary arrangements to undermine the commander's position subtly, without raising her father's suspicions. After all, her father's trust in Commander Khan still ran deep and she doubted that she could get away with being too harsh on the commander. But she'll change that soon enough.

Azula sat down at her writing desk and began her work. Once the rain cleared, she was going to pay the commander a visit at his base.

...Still, she was curious as to what sort of title her father had in mind for her. Perhaps she can suggest appropriate titles to him when she gets back from rubbing her superiority in Khan's defiant face. The Fire Nation had a love affair with ostentatious titles after all.

Illuminator Azula? Suitably grand, but didn't capture her beauty or her grace or her deadliness.

Azula, the Hand of the Fire Lord? Poetic, but didn't flow well with her name.

How about...

(The next day) [41st Division Encampment, Outside Capital City]

"My wife?" My voice rumbled, bemused, as I looked up from the armour piece that I was crafting.

June, the mercenary goth girl leaned on the windowsill of my well-ventilated forge, her dark riding leathers standing in stark contrast to the morning sunlit backdrop of the white sandy beach and the towering red pagodas of the Capital city beyond the green hills. Though June's toned thighs filling her leather pants was a fair view too.

I shook my head to clear my thoughts, "My 41st Division had barely finished settling here in our little boot camp by the beach, and the city is already buzzing about who I'm going to choose to marry?"

"Yep." June shrugged distractedly.

She was distracted, trying to be subtle with how her grey eyes locked on how my shirtless torso from sweat, and my leather smithing apron doing nothing to hide my physique like my full plate armour usually did. And when she noticed that she was caught, her grey eyes winked from under raven-black hair. "I guess you're already used to being Mr. Popular. I heard that every noble clan who owns an estate is scheming to somehow get you to stick it in their daughters, sisters, or nieces so that they can trap you in a marriage like a poacher would trap a fire-ferret. 'Least, that's what all the estate servants are talking about over their drinks down at the {Quenching Fire}. If only all my gigs involved paying me to get drunk at the local tavern and collect gossip..."

"That's called being a spy, June." I mentioned, brushing away a loose flake of molten steel from my blacksmith's apron. "Still, it's just surprising how quickly they're willing to commit, I thought I'd have to impress them more."

"Oh, I wouldn't be surprised if I were you." The mercenary goth girl chuckled. "You're the commander who's calling the shots in the region that connects Gaoling to Ba Sing Se, a fourth of all the riches in the Earth Kingdom passes through your territory. But if wanting to marry you for your money isn't enough, you're also kind of a big deal for taking Omashu. Everyone thought that place was going to hold out forever; so, the clan that can get you to marry into them will have bragging rights as 'The Bloodline of Omashu's Conqueror' for the next thousand years... Wealth and Face. Can't describe the noble clans any better than that. And now, here you come strutting on by, unmarried and flaunting a helluva lot of both."

"You got all this from some drunk servants in a pub?" I asked, and June's deep red lips curled in a mysterious smile.

"I can piece things together just fine. Can't always count on Nyla to sniff out my targets after all." June pushed off the windowsill, strolled closer to my workbench to where I was forging and passed me a scroll. "Here's what I was able to pry out of those drunks last night."

I unfurled it with a crisp rustle. A list of names greeted me, along with the noble clans they served, who called the shots in the households, and what their masters were pontificating about. Here, one noble clan in the business of fine porcelains was tutoring the clan head's daughter for a potential marriage with me to convince me to let them monopolise some rare clay in the Earth Kingdom. There, another noble clan in the business of brassworks was doing the same except the daughter had taken advantage of the situation as an excuse to demand for ludicrous amounts of clothing and finery for her 'efforts' to seduce me. Two noble clans in charge of trading companies were already on the brink of war trying to find out who would be shipping the riches from my territory.

On and on, the sordid details were written down. All in surprisingly neat handwriting too.

I shook my head, "Azulon and Ozai may have curtailed the noble clans' ability to challenge the Throne of the Fire Lord, but apparently not their ability to challenge each other... This is excellent work, June."

"Not like it was hard." June just shrugged, "It's all 'Great War Commemorations this' and 'Commander Khan that.' Everyone's just dying to know what you're up to. Speaking of which, what are you up to, Khan?"

I picked up the armour piece, a great red greatcoat that soaked up the forge's warm light. "This," I said with pride, "is a custom-made winter coat. The feathers of our ostrich-horse once again proved to be a versatile crafting material as this coat insulates body heat better than anything Fire Nation Army currently issues. Water-resistant and pierce-resistant, perfect for fighting against waterbenders in winter conditions. I call it (Exquisite) [41st Division Frostguard Greatcoat], and I plan to craft enough for the whole Division."

"Impressive," June examined the craftsmanship, rubbing the fabric between her fingers lightly. "I definitely could've used one of these when I was doing that bounty over in Chenbao last winter."

(Exquisite) [41st Division Frostguard Greatcoat]​
Over the course of the Great War, both Water Tribe or Fire Nation have lost entire scores of troops to unforgiving winter environs of the North Pole- indiscriminately claiming the bravest warriors of both sides with icy winds that cut to the bone and frostbite that gnawed limbs off one by one. And for 99 years of war, the frozen land and the howling sky seemed to be the North Pole's ultimate guardians... and their jailors.

Crafted by the infamous Fire Nation Commander Khan himself, this greatcoat was tailor-made to allow his equally infamous 41st Division to not only traverse the treacherous frozen tundras, but to conquer them outright. The secret lay in the material that the greatcoat was made from. Each strand from hem to collar was woven from the feathers of the fearsome 41st Division Ostrich-Horses, a breed that has been known to have a preference for human flesh. It is unknown if it's due to such a grisly diet, but the resulting fabric is as strong steel cables- repelling both moisture and sharpened edges alike while staying light as any cloth. Qualities that any conquering soldier fighting waterbenders would appreciate.

Dyed in the traditional red and black of the Fire Nation, the fabric seems to hungrily absorb light, giving it a permanently dark look. Its large, stately lapels eminently evoke the image of a stern military officer, and its layered buttons of polished brass seemed to shine from the dark fabric like the eyes of an apex predator lurking in the shadows of a blizzard. And for enemy waterbenders unfortunate enough to be caught in battle, the wearer of the 41st Division Frostguard Greatcoat may as well be one.

+ R +​

[Smithing] Level 20 Reached - New Skill Perk Unlocked!​
Specialised Equipment (Active): 'It might be thick like pencil, but it's really long! Ladies love that, trust me bro.' When smithing an item, you may choose a single attribute to specialise that item on (sharpness, lightness, durability, slash resistance, etc.) The finished item's quality will be one tier lower, but will be twice as effective in its chosen attribute.

Attainable Item Qualities
Poor - Shoddy - Common - Fine - Superior - Exquisite - Masterwork - ???​

+ R +​


At the appearance of the notification, I nearly dropped my smithing hammer in shock. That's an incredibly good perk! I'd settle with making every sword in the 41st Division 'just' (Superior) quality if it meant they were twice as sharp. Or armours that were twice as light. Or helmets that were twice as slash-resistant. I could even make the [41st Division Frostguard Greatcoat] twice as warm! The applications were endless! Wait a minute, that means... I groaned in frustration. "Ugh, I hate it when this happens."

"Why?" June asked with a puzzled expression as she checked over the great coat looking for flaws. "It looks fine to me. In fact, I can imagine selling this off on the grey market for 90 gold pieces easily! Especially if I tack on "Made by Commander Khan of the Fire Nation" in my sales pitch."

"Nothing's wrong with it." I said with a sigh, "I just had a breakthrough in my smithing techniques; and now, I have to make new weapons and armour for everyone in the 41st."

"Wait... you mean that you're getting even better at this?" June said incredulously, her slender eyebrow rising to almost her hairline, "Well, you're bound to turn heads now."

"What makes you say that? Did you hear anything else from the tavern?"

"I did. I just didn't think it was related to you." She shrugged, "But now that I've seen that you're like some Sage of Smithing? Yeah, I think this might be related... Have you ever heard of a Fire Nation swordsman called 'Piandao'?"

"Yes, I've heard of him." I nodded. In Avatar canon, Piandao was Sokka's swordsmanship teacher, and the one who helped him forge his starmetal sword. He was also a member of the White Lotus. And in my time in this world, I've heard of him too. "A Fire Nation force of a hundred soldiers were sent to arrest him for desertion, Piandao crushed them so utterly that the general in charge just didn't bother anymore."

"Yeah..." June nodded, pressing her lips drawn in a thin line, "Even over in the Earth Kingdom, we heard of that. But what I've recently heard was that he was also a bladesmith who used to make swords and trinkets for the Fire Island noble clans before he started refusing commissions outright two years back. The noble clans have been looking high and low for a replacement to fill Piandao's big shoes, and they're getting desperate to wave some shiny thing in their vanity gatherings. But once they get wind of this?"

Highlighting her point, she lifted the [41st Division Frostguard Greatcoat] that I had finished, the slash-resistant cloth fluttering under the morning sun.

"They're going to want to hire me?" I ventured.

"More than that, big guy." The goth merc snorted, "If I didn't know better, I'd say you were asking for some swaggering noble to force you to marry his daughter at swordpoint, Khan."

"They can try!" My deep voice boomed out a laugh, "I'd accept any duel issued to me. It doesn't even matter which kind of duel it is. Jian swords, spears, knives or even Agni Kai- I'm already a master in more than a dozen weapons. They may as well have their daughters duel me in their place for all the difference it would make."

"Those nobles aren't all strutting peacock-pigeons, Khan." She warned, a serious look in her steel grey eyes, "Some of them are damn good with a blade from what I've heard. If the loud bragging of some of the nobles is true, they've studied under Piandao himself. That's not something you don't take seriously."

"Are you... worried for me?"

She said nothing- admitted to nothing as she stared pointedly at me, and I just sighed.

"It's fine for you to be concerned over my safety. But at least have an accurate estimation of my capabilities. We can't waste time by fretting over every pebble in the path." I said, stepping forward and highlighting how I was a muscled hulk of a man that had fought and burned his way through a great swathe of enemy territory. I had many claims to infamy, and June knew it. But she still didn't look convinced- tilting her head up to look at me with an unimpressed stare. so I made the biggest boast about my fighting ability that I could make.

"June." My voice rumbled, "I already beat Yor once."

She blinked, as if she had forgotten about that little fact. "Point taken... Let me know if you get into a duel with a noble. Those betting pools can get as big as my shirshu, and I'll definitely be putting all my money on you."

"I knew that would convince you." I rolled my eyes as I went back to my workbench. I was also still riding on that high from the level up I'd received a week ago after that pirate ambush. That feeling of invincibility after successfully leading my troops on our very first naval engagement and ship boarding action. Yes, Yor stole most of the kills. But that was beside the real reason: that being- despite the countless temptations- I was able to hold on to that one precious perk point.

+ R +​

Lvl 50 Strength Perks Available:​
[Lvl 2] Power Move (Passive): You don't 'run.' You kick the ground until it takes you where you want to go. On top of your Dexterity, add (25% -> 50%) Strength to your running speed and jumping height.
[Lvl 2] Furor of Furious Fury (Active): Angry caveman powers, activate! For the next 4 strikes you make, your strength is doubled. (Can be activated twice a day.)
[Lvl 3] Flex it off! (Passive): You feel a lot better after you pose and flex your muscles. On top of your Constitution, add (50% -> 75%)Strength to your Health points and Resistances calculations.
[Lvl 3] Overpower (Passive): Hit 'em hard when they're not looking, but hit 'em even harder when they are. Gain (40% -> 60%) bonus Strength against enemies that you're not outflanking.

Lvl 50 Dexterity Perks Available:​
[Lvl 2] Parkour Prodigy (Passive): Running? On the ground?! Like some peasant!?! (Double -> Triple) your Dexterity bonus while performing parkour.
[Lvl 2] Riposte (Passive): A skill distilled from a billion hours in Soulsborne games. Attacking directly after a successful parry now carries a guaranteed crit. (The window to trigger the crit is 2 seconds from parry.)
Pickpocket Prodigy (Passive): Yes, you can actually steal equipped items; yes, that includes their underwear. Double your Dexterity bonus while pickpocketing.
[Lvl 2] Bullet Time (Active): Dodge the bullets that haven't been invented yet. Three times a day, slow time to (80% -> 70%). Bullet Time duration in seconds is equal to a tenth of your Dexterity stat.


Lvl 50 Constitution Perks Available:​
[Lvl 2] Iron Gut (Passive): Not to be confused with iron abs. (Double -> Triple) your Constitution bonus to resist Poisons, Toxins and illnesses.
Clench! (Passive): Brace your glutes! You gain 10% damage reduction for all attacks that you see coming.
[Lvl 2] Relentless (Passive): Be the Party Animal as told in the legends. You no longer require sleep, and all physical fatigue gain is now reduced by (25% -> 50%).
[Lvl 2] Berserker Rage (Passive): Your incredible anger is your weapon, you are... Karen Incarnate. Gain bonus Strength, Dexterity and Spirit proportional to your missing HP. Up to (200% -> 225%) bonus stats more at 1% HP.

Lvl 50 Spirit Perks Available:​
It's not a Dance! (Passive): ... But it just might be a sex position. Double your Spirit bonus when learning/experimenting new bending styles and forms (and sex positions).
[Lvl 2] Spirit Rush (Active): Yes, overconfidence is now a power! Once a day, gain (20%-40%) bonus Spirit. Spirit Rush' duration in seconds is equal to a half of your Spirit stat.
Greater Chi Paths (Passive): For when it takes you too long getting your 'bending' up. Your Chi flows 25% faster. Allowing bending with fewer wind-up movements, or more powerful bending with normal wind-up movements.
Audacious Spirit (Passive): Is something draining the metaphysical life energies of your body? Just walk it off, lol! Whenever you're suffering from a debuff that affects your Spirit (e.g. Poison, blocked chi pathways, nighttime, cold temperature, etc.) Reduce that debuff's effectiveness by 33%.

* 1 Perk Points Available.*

+ R +​

Left unused, this single perk point granted me the one thing that no other perk could possibly give me: The power of adaptability.

Anything that the Capital City throws at me, I can confidently react to: Some sneaky assassin type tries to poison my tea Suki-style? I can laugh it off with a second level in [Iron Gut]. A face-to-face duel with some non-canon monster like Yor? I'll just take [Clench] and shave off any damage they could deal, or take yet another level of [Overpower] and casually out-damage them. Maybe a mission where stealth was required? Taking a level in [Pickpocket Prodigy] or [Parkour Prodigy] would expand my approaches in the mission. A hostage situation? Level 2 in [Bullet Time] and I could close the distance and bash their brains in before they could move a muscle. Maybe I need to swim all the way to another island? Level 2 [Relentless] will allow me to go even further without resting.

Now that I had it was a great time to start doing this: keeping one perk point in reserve just in case something catches me off-guard and I need to react to a new threat. Or at least, threats that I can detect; and for that, there was no perk that I could take, no magic solution to help me detect threats, and no substitute to placing a few loyal troops strategically throughout the city and having them report back to me. And that made me realise something...

I looked over to June.

Dark red riding leathers that clung to a body toned from a lifetime of rigorous hunting, raven black hair held in a topknot by her skull hair tie before cascading down her pale shoulders, steel grey eyes alertly scanning the dark corners of the room... But beyond her natural beauty, the mercenary goth girl was a lot more valuable. June may not have the lethal swiftness of Suki and her Kyoshi Warriors, or the raw fighting power of the Thorn Princess. But she was possibly my best personnel for that task- accustomed to doing her own legwork, doing her own forward scouting and doing her own HUMINT as she travelled the world hunting for bounties. The quintessential lone wolf hunter... or lone shirshu hunter in this matter.

"June..." I began. "The agreement was for you to stay until we get to the Capital City. Here we are, but I want you to stay with us."

Reputation check succeeded!
97/80 Reputation Required with {June}​

She pretended to think about it, but if the reputation check wasn't enough to clue me in that she had already made up her mind, then the playful smirk of her deep red lips was. With a laidback smile, June crossed her arms across her chest as she spoke in a sly tone, "You just can't get enough of me, huh? Well, we did finish the Thorn Princess job quicker than I thought we would, so... Sure thing. You pay well enough, Khan. I'll stick around for a few more weeks, but I have to leave sometime, big guy... I still have some debts to settle. Old favours to repay. My rep as a bounty hunter is on the line, and a bounty hunter's reputation is all we've got."

"You're a damn good bounty hunter, June." I replied easily enough. "Worth every gold piece."

"Awww, while it's always nice to have my skills recognised..." She began, shutting the window. And when she turned back towards me, her smile had turned sultry and her voice, dangerously seductive, "... you know that wasn't what I meant, big guy."

"I sure do." I said, tossing away my apron and leaving me in my trousers as I leaned down to capture her lips in a kiss. Her soft lips, painted deep red parted to release a needy groan.

It still bothered me- how I was just three points away from a hundred Reputation... Even with regular sex aboard that cruiser here, June's Reputation didn't rise as much as it did for Suki- most likely because June was more experienced and less likely to get attached over a little penetration. On some nights, it did not rise at all; on others, it rose by a single point. But it rose all the same. The near-constant sex was wearing her down, I can tell. Both my team of ninja girls and this goth girl mercenary apparently needed my dick inside them on the regular if I wanted to retain their services. I suppose there were worse responsibilities than sexually satisfying my companions.

For being immensely attractive...
{Azula} Reputation : -45 -> -20​

Oh, look. Yet another random reputation change from Azula over some reason only known to her, how utterly unsurprising. I just ignored it for now.

"Is Miss Bounty Hunter open to negotiating a discount for her services?" I joked, sitting her down on my workbench and running my hands along the slender shape of her sides.

"Negotiate all you want, but I'll never budge." June breathed, her grey eyes looking at me as I began undoing the buckles of her riding leathers. She gave a shuddering sigh as I ran my hand under her top and long tracts of this goth girl's soft, pale skin and faint abs, the sound was soon followed by the crumpling of her leather top on the floor- her perky C-cups covered in a lacy black bra was exposed to the warm Fire Islands air.

"That's some fancy underwear for a mercenary." I commented, kneading her through her bra.

"Figured something like this would happen..." She said breathlessly, pushing her chest into my palms- wanting more of my hands fondling her breasts, "... So, I went and picked up something nice in the city. Do you like it?"

"It's sexy when you wear it... and also when you don't." I whispered, undoing the clasp and letting her bra fall to the floor- leaving the mercenary goth girl topless in front of me. Her pale, firm mounds were topped with rosy pink nipples, rising and falling with each breath she took. Her grey eyes looked at me, silently begging me to touch them directly. So, I did. A brush of my fingers across the stiffened tips earned a soft moan from her, and a light pinch drew a louder one.

"Keep going... touch me more." She moaned, her usual tough and gruff voice climbing higher and distinctly more feminine as I ran my hands across her slender body.

She practically squirmed under my hands highlighting how tight her leather pants were, accentuating every contour of her toned thighs as she squeezed them together. And my hand found the apex of her pants, and just that pressure alone was enough to make her squeal a bit- clamping her toned thighs down on my hands.

"Ahh~!"

"Someone's sensitive today." I noted in a low voice, and her breath hitched as I unclasped her black leather pants, hanging loosely around her wide hips. And seeing that, I immediately seized the opening- my hand dipping down the front of her pants. June's grey eyes flew wide open just as my fingertips dragged across the front of her absolutely drenched lacy black panties.

"Rather than just preparing in case this happened, it seems that you were hoping it would happen." I said, pulling my hand out of her pants to see my fingers glistening with the nectar that had seeped through her panties.

June just looked away- her pale cheeks blushing hot red from her embarrassment, "Suki told me how 'fun' it was watching you smith things in just your trousers and leather apron. But she didn't mention that it would be torture at the same time."

Reaching down, I gave her toned ass a squeeze as I slid her leather pants down her long pale legs. All the while, she just looked away and blushed madly as she was finally left in nothing but her soaked lacy black panties- her body exposed and vulnerable before me. As June's cheeks flushed with embarrassment, I could sense her arousal growing stronger. Her pale thighs streaked with her honey. Leaning in closer, I could feel the heat radiating from her as I whispered, "At least, I'm going to make this torture worth your while, June."

"It doesn't help that you're always so gentle." She said, "It should be a crime leading girls on like this. Teasing her with your size and your muscles, making her think she's getting a brute who'll push her down, fold her over and ruin her... but instead, we get the deluxe 'Princess' first lover' treatment."

Her small hands undid my trousers and found my cock- finger gliding over my shaft. Her eyes locked with mine, steel grey orbs filled with a mixture of raw desire and lustful anticipation.

"I'm a big girl." She purred, once again finding her confidence as she tucked her black hair behind an ear and leaned forward to kiss the tip, "And I'm ready for the kind of fucking that big girls get."

Well, if the goth girl wanted a rougher fuck than usual, I don't mind. So, without another word, I reached down... and tore her lacy panties right off her waist like tissue paper. The sound of that delicate feminine fabric being ripped right off her and exposing her leaking pussy made her eyes widen in surprise. The kind of surprise that a girl feels when she realised that she may have just bitten off more than she could chew... and realised that she was turned on. I didn't even give her a chance to regret her decision, my hands promptly found her slender waist and June found herself effortlessly lifted up, and soon found her dripping, vulnerable pink slit resting right on the tip of my cock.

The now nervous goth girl looked down to the large shaft threatening to utterly ruin her pretty little pussy and gulped, "Th-that's a long way down to the base of your cock, big guy. Why don't we slow down just a-"

I slammed her down right to the hilt- pushed into her wetness; and for briefest of moments, an expression of pure shock was on her pretty face- her mind stalling at how her pussy was telling her that it was stretched out with my thick cock...

Then the pleasure came crashing over her and she screamed her orgasm. "- Oooooohfuuuuuck!!"

Pale and toned goth girl shuddering and tense as she came madly around my cock. Her womanly core tightly encasing my cock from tip to base in a hot, wet heaven. Delicate feminine folds slick with her nectar gripping my shaft tight. And her explicit request for me to not hold back, to use her like a living fleshlight, to fuck her as hard and fast and deep as I want... What man can resist? I gripped her waist tighter as I dragged her up my cock- her quivering pussy lips gripping tight as if not wanting to let go. The raw friction of her tender pussy walls ignited a primal hunger within me.

June's grey eyes barely came into focus as she moaned out, "K-khan, I just came! A-aaaaahn~"

But I wasn't listening, I just slammed right back in, sending pussy juice splattering and June almost screaming. Again, I withdrew my cock out of her- still glistening with her nectar- until just the tip remained... right before sliding it back in with enough force to hear that wet meaty slap of our hips meeting together. Every inch of my cock filling up her hot insides and teasing her fertile baby room at the back. Then I pulled back, and the cycle continued as I set a furious rhythm of our hips.

"S-spirits, you're going to ruin my pussy~!" June cried out, her dark painted nails dug into my broad shoulders as the goth girl relished in the pleasure I imposed on her delicious body, making her crash into wave after wave of orgasm.

I revelled in the power I held over her, her body mine to command. But I can feel the way her hips grind against mine at the end of each thrust, seeking a way to get me deeper into her.

"This is what you want, isn't it?!" I demanded, grabbing handfuls of toned pale ass flesh and used them to leverage the rest of the mercenary goth girl's body up and down my cock. Her throbbing clit grinding across my abs.

"Yessss~!" she cried out, her voice filled with need. "Take me, use me as your toy, make me yours. Just fuck me harder!"

And I did. Harder and harder as the minutes passed by.

She was shuddering every time I bottomed out, and her feminine inner walls had long lost all semblance of control. Just endlessly quivering and clenching as she came, over and over again. Her nectar- what little wasn't being splattered over my abs and her thighs- was dripping down to the floor where we were connected. And every time I pressed the tip of my cock at the deepest part of her pussy, a little squirt of girl cum added to the puddle. She must have lost feeling of her legs at some point because they hung limply now, trembling slightly. She was getting all that she asked for and more... Just another reason for me to keep pounding into her.

"Inside! P-please inside!" She breathlessly begged in between moans, as if implicitly sensing that I was getting close. Which I was.

And when the pleasure of her tight, obedient, constantly cumming pussy was too much to bear, I roared out my finish as I came in her- breeding this goth girl as hard and as thoroughly as I could. Ground her hips against mine in a furious attempt to ensure every drop of my semen coated her womb until.

In those final moments, her delicious pale body trembling against mine, her back arching as she clung to me, her nails digging deeper into my skin, and her pussy's inner walls milking my shaft for its worth, June victoriously screamed. "Yes! Yesyesyesyessssssss~!"

A warm pool of my cum was building up in her belly, and I knew that wasn't nearly enough.

"I'm not done yet." I growled, and she whimpered helplessly, but the way her well-fucked pussy tightened around me told me that she was more than willing. I placed her down onto the workbench. "We're going to keep going until I'm satisfied or you pass out. Whichever came first."

And with another thrust to jumpstart the next round, her breath hitched and she... promptly passed out. That took the wind out of my sails.

"Well played, June." I sighed.

For finally wearing her down with endless sex...
{June} Reputation : 97 -> 100
{June} Obedience : 97 -> 100
+ R +

Reputation with {June} at 100! New Companion skill unlocked!​
[Aroma Hunter] - Whether it's sniffing out hiding enemies or uncovering hidden compartments filled with contraband, Aroma Hunter empowers your sense of smell to preternatural levels to become the ultimate scent-based hunter. With enough practice and focus, this skill will allow you to identify and analyse different scents, separating them into distinct layers, and intuitively understanding which aromas are out of place or potentially dangerous.


+ R +​

Immediately, the world seemed richer somehow- more distinct. The scent of different weapon oils. The whiff of pungent coals that I've been using for my forge. The coppery musk of 41st Division ostrich-horses clinging to the greatcoat I had crafted. And of course, the heavy waft of my and June's frantic sex. This skill was nicely timed too- I had been bemoaning my lack of information gathering perks and skills. Now, June gave me one. My mind raced as I thought about all the ways I can put this new ability to my advantage.

But then... a stray scent caught my nose.

Something in my forge reeking of sex was out of place here. Like an item that was obviously photoshopped into a picture, it was clear as day to me. Brand new instincts granted by [Aroma Hunter] immediately broke it down to information that I could comprehend.

~ Arousal: Intensely feminine. Faintly familiar but blended. Two sources nearby.

My body stiffened and my nostrils flared. I inhaled again. That's right- the scent was indeed coming from two sources. I glanced down to the passed out and naked June leaking my semen from her quivering hole. Her rich feminine scent was almost overwhelming. Yes, that's one source. So, the second one smelled much fainter and somehow... spicier than June's. That could only be...

"Suki!" I shouted up at the trap door on the metal ceiling where she and her sisters did their disappearing ninja hidey-hole tricks, "I know you're up there! What did I tell you about spying on me having sex!?"

Predictably, there was some panicked whispering from female voices behind the trap door. Followed by a sudden scuffle as if they were fighting to get away first; before finally, a feminine figure came falling through it- yelping as she landed squarely on her rump- which was also predictably very much Suki-like. Except I realised something important: the girl wasn't Suki.

"So..." my voice dryly began as I stared down the girl, "...what force could possibly compel the Crown Princess of the Fire Nation to hide in my ceiling and peep on me having sex?"

Caught red-handed, Azula's entire face burned red with embarrassment as she apparently scrambled for an excuse.

"Suki!" She blurted out, "Suki made me do it!"

...

What?

- Making Friends in the Fire Islands End -​

AN:

This chapter occurs right at the start of the episode... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 18 - The Waterbending Master). Taking place after (The Northern Air Temple) and right before (The Siege of the Northern Water Tribe, Part 1).

Alright! Suki's and June's flags raised. Time for Yor's... for someone with so much art and 'art.' I don't really see her in fics.

I think my Magos fic broke my ability to write normal smut anymore... I can no longer judge if sex scenes I write are good anymore. I just read my own stuff and go "Ew, an unfuckable meat female."

Lel, the reason why Ozai is a manipulative sociopath is because... he's playing like your average Crusader Kings enjoyer. Because once you become an immortal ruler, you still need vassals to rule over provinces. And since you have a daughter with good genetic traits right there, may as well marry her to a loyal vassal under you with good genetic traits as well (because it's not like you can marry her off to solidify relations with other kingdoms when you fully plan to exterminate them anyway). So, with luck, she'll breed you some progeny that have the Strong/Genius traits and have high opinion of you because you're their grandfather- perfect candidates to be your Counts and Countesses down the line.

So, this fic is apparently IRL cursed... My house burned down. With lightning. If I was a more superstitious person, I would have taken that as a sign to stop writing this fic. But I'm too stupid. So, just in case lightning strikes me dead, I'm leaving this AN.
Last edited: Sep 23, 2023
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Ghjikl, Gulski, besrkx3 and 1,898 others
Infonticus
Sep 22, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 14: Suki made me do it!
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Oct 4, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,144
Chapter 14: Suki made me do it!
[Somewhere in the Northern Sea]

"He's long gone, Uncle."

Zuko's knuckles turned white gripping the railing of his ship. He stared out into the horizon- empty apart from the glittering blue waters of the vast Northern Sea and the stray icebergs that had drifted down from the North Pole. Not a cloud in the sky, nor a flying bison carrying the Avatar either. Two long days of sailing... for absolutely nothing.

Suddenly, the sound of someone swallowing a mouthful of their wonton soup rang out on the deck, followed by a gentle hand placed on Zuko's shoulder.

"I am afraid you're right, nephew." His fat uncle calmly replied, beard still wet from his soup, "That was our only opportunity for intercepting the Avatar on his way to the Water Tribe Capital. He would be a few days away from it by now; and us, more than a week away. We will have to wait for Admiral Zhao's grand fleet to begin their voyage before we can even begin thinking about following the Avatar into the North Pole."

"But that's weeks away!" Zuko shouted with a snarl on his scarred face, "By that time, the Avatar will have found a waterbending master! He was slippery enough with just his airbending, we can't just let him learn waterbending too!"

Iroh just set down his bowl of wonton soup with a sigh- the frost from his breath rolling off his armoured belly, "I'm afraid that we have no choice in the matter, Zuko. Our ship will not be able to navigate the North Pole's treacherous waters when it's faced with icebergs and the army of waterbenders who wait in ambush on them. And that is without mentioning the defences of the Water Tribe capital itself. The Avatar is too well protected right now. If you wish to chase him to the North Pole, then you must wait for Zhao's fleet to clear the way."

Zuko ground his teeth- feeling the urge to give the order anyway and charge into the Northern Sea, icebergs and waterbenders be damned. But reason won out.

"Fine." He grunted, the word almost painful to admit. Tearing his gaze away from the horizon, he looked over to his Uncle Iroh, "But don't hold back on me anymore, you old coot. Teach me what I need to know to face down an Avatar that has mastery of two elements."

"Very well." Iroh acquiesced, his golden eyes shining with concern for him. "If training is what will help you from burning yourself out, nephew; then that is what we'll do."

"It's about time."

Iroh's expression turned serious. "I can teach you the foundations of the Classical Azulon Style. But be warned, this next set of katas will be much tougher to learn for you. Let me demonstrate."

And then he moved, his arms arcing in great circles with a grace that a fat old man shouldn't have been able to move in. Zuko's heart skipped a bit. He's seen this type of arm movement before... This was what Azula looked like when she was bending lightning. Heat gathered visibly in Iroh's clenched fists, warping the air in a haze like a hot day. Then he punched out of the side of the boat- the firebolt that came screeching out from his fist was so dense that it looked like a glowing, molten rod of steel shooting through the air! It eventually struck the top of an iceberg- blasting off the tip. The damage wasn't impressive, but the sheer range of it definitely was.

"The Modern Azulon Style would never have reached that far..." Zuko muttered to himself.

His uncle exhaled as he finished the kata and calmly looked back at him, "Although you will not be able to bend your fire like that, you can at least incorporate its disciplines into the katas you have already learned and make your firebending more difficult to block with water or ice."

"But you just said you'd teach it to me!"

"I did, but you must understand, Zuko. The Classical Azulon Style is an old man's game- only hardened veterans of the Great War have cultivated the pure, focused resolve needed to bend fire in this way, and I do not think you have that yet. In fact, this is not a style that one can learn to firebend within the year, much less within the month! No, that is the province of firebending prodigies and the Avatar."

"I'm ready to try anyway." Zuko replied, his voice already firm with determination, "Whatever the cost, I'm ready for it. I've always had to work for it. A year or ten years, I'll earn my honour back. Something that neither the Avatar with his past lives or my monster of a sister with her natural born talent can ever understand."

Iroh's eyes turned sad, "She is still your sister, nephew..."

"But I'm not wrong, am I?" he snapped back. "It's like father said: 'She was born lucky, I was lucky to be born.' She had everything handed to her while I had to work hard for scraps! And you're saying that I'm the one who needs to speak nicely about her?!"

But his stupid fat uncle just continued to stare at him sadly. Zuko looked away and took a deep breath. "Besides... you know how my sister is."

"I don't." His Uncle Iroh solemnly replied, "I only remember how she was."

"You think Azula has changed in the time I've been gone?" Zuko scoffed at the implication. He could still remember all the times when he was the target for her mean little pranks, her snide remarks and her endless lies. The way that she'd make that evil little smile whenever she knew something he didn't- which was most of the time. And she'd use that knowledge to torment him. It was funny how that's actually the one thing he was sure of when he eventually captured the Avatar and returned home. That his sister will still be the same old, lying and scheming Azula when he gets back. It was hard to imagine her ever changing. She had been that way for as long as he could remember- as if that was just how she was born to be. How she'll always be.

"Azula is still young, and so are you, young prince." Iroh said softly, and Zuko flinched at the mention of that old title. But his uncle just placed a hand on his shoulder again, "Maybe you are right, and she will never change her ways. But life takes us on too many journeys and too many strange places for anyone to predict their own destiny. Oftentimes... it only takes a single fateful day to change our lives forever."

A silence fell on them. Both of them had experienced having their lives changed by a single day... For his uncle, it was the day his son, Lu Ten, died six hundred days into the Siege of Ba Sing Se. And as for himself, it was the day he attended that War Council with his father and the Agni Kai that led to his banishment. But unlike his uncle, Zuko's memories of that day had already closed and scarred over by now.

"I already know my destiny." He broke the silence, his voice still holding resolve, but much softer now, "I'll capture the Avatar, I'll regain my honour and I'll go back home. No matter what it takes. But right now... I don't feel like training today, Uncle."

Iroh smiled gently, his eyes filled with a quiet understanding. "Get some rest, we'll begin your training tomorrow at first light. You still have much to learn and much to prepare for, and the road ahead will be challenging. But with hard work and determination... I'm sure you'll regain your honour, nephew."

"Thank you, Uncle."

"As for me, I think I'll get myself a second helping of our chef's excellent wonton soup." he grinned. And with those parting words, he hummed a tune as he swaggered down below deck, leaving Zuko alone on the deck.

Now with only the open seas as his company, Zuko looked to the sea behind him- to the direction of the Fire Islands- to home- and traced his finger along the edges of his scar. The wound had scarred over, but it sometimes still ached.

His uncle wasn't wrong. It takes just a single fateful day to change everything, and he wondered if- carved into stone somewhere in the Heavens- there was one such day destined for Azula.

"Azula... where were you now?"

(Meanwhile) [Khan's Abode]

She was in the crawlspace of her political rival's ceiling. Spying on him furiously copulating with his mercenary. Helplessly squeezing her thighs together in a futile attempt to contain rising heat between them as she listened to the girl beside her whisper very detailed and severely inappropriate things right into her ear.

"Like I keep telling the Lieutenant, when he's already stretching you out with how deliciously thick his shaft is, there's no feeling in the world like having the thick head of that cock scraping against your insides."​

Azula had to wonder where her day went so wrong.

(A few minutes ago)

Marching into the 41st Division's encampment, Azula muttered to herself, "This meeting with the commander had better end with me looking good..."

But she didn't have her hopes up, things were in fact not looking good already. The soft, powdery sand of the beach was now coating her velvet shoes. The salty breeze swept through her raven black hair- carrying with it the scent of the ocean, the distant cries of gulls and promises of tomorrow being a bad hair day.

"That oversized oaf had a few acres of land allotted to his division, and he chose to set up his base by the beach?" She grumbled.

Red canvas tents, erected in odd circular formations, created rings of red on the grassy clearing by the sandy beach.Tall banners bearing the Fire Nation's emblem flapped in the wind, proclaiming their allegiance to her father's throne. And in the midst of a sea of tents, a metal house stood with a tall chimney belching black smoke up into the sky. There was no doubt about it, that was the infamous abode of the commander. Apparently, the soldiers of the 41st Division referred to it simply as 'Khan's Forge.'

There. That was where her unfortunate target lived.

Her plan was simple. She'd make a surprise visit at Commander Khan's encampment, claim that she had arrived due to matters concerning the Great War Commemorations, he'd have no choice but to invite her in, they'll make idle chit chat for a while, and then she'll start twisting words- verbally battering him into a corner until she can find a weakness that she could exploit... Of course, all this was supposed to be somewhat behind her father's back. She could hardly harm a hair on his favoured alchemist's head, but if he turns into a blubbering weakling from a few words, then clearly, he shouldn't be in charge of anything.

Azula marched through camp, the ground finally trodden grass instead of sand. She felt the air within hot from roaring fires and ringing with the clanging of metal against metal of soldiers training. Some soldiers of the 41st Division were even in full polished regalia and didn't even spare her a glance as they marched by in parade formation. A slight smile came to her lips. Good, they were at least practising for the Great War Commemorations. She would not be tolerating any subpar performances after all.

But eventually, she reached her destination: Khan's abode.

The house of dark metal loomed over her, clearly a measure of fortification against Earthbenders. A lone guard was stationed in front of the reinforced metal door, a muscled brute of a woman wearing a plumed helmet and a stern expression. She crossed her arms and blocked Azula's path.

"The commander is busy. You can't enter." the guard stated firmly.

"Don't you know who I am, peasant?" Azula's eyes narrowed- her voice dripping with disdain.

The guard's eyes looked Azula's usual royal garments up and down once, and boredly replied, "Another girl from the noble clans wanting to curry favour with the commander."

Although infuriated, Azula also felt that was very concerning- how the guard said that as if it had been a common occurrence by now. It would seem her father correctly predicted that the noble clans will try to capture Khan in a political marriage. What she did not anticipate was how quickly they would move. She had expected one or two of the less influential noble clans who were more willing to go against the Throne of the Fire Lord just to advance their status; but not en masse. This was Khan's work no doubt. And now, she had to add 'Find out what Khan has offered to the noble clans so far' on her list of things to wring out of him.

Azula's golden eyes settled on the guard, about to inform her of just who she is and make her grovel in forgiveness. But before she could, another presence made herself known.

"Oh? Another noble girl wanting to see if she can tie the knot with Khan, huh?" A voice spoke directly behind her- making Azula jump as she turned around to face the speaker. There, a smugly smiling red-head stood in casual red Fire Nation cotton reds. Azula didn't recognise her, but the fact that she neither saw nor heard her until she was right behind her meant that this girl could only be one of those Kyoshi Warriors- a squad of Earth Kingdom Elite Warriors who had defected to Khan. And from the after action reviews Azula had read, they were terrifyingly lethal when infiltrated a number of Earth Kingdom strongholds.

Said red-headed Kyoshi Warrior just waggled her eyebrows at Azula, "Well, it's your lucky day! Khan has my sisters doing some errands, and he's about to get busy. So-"

"Suki..." the guard interrupted in a warning tone, "Khan's going to be angry if you spy on him. Again."

"It'll be fine~ What he won't know won't hurt him." This 'Suki' girl winked at the guard before looking over at Azula, "So, Want to be an honorary Kyoshi Warrior for the hour and spy on Khan with me? I promise that you'll definitely see something you'll like."

The guard just let out a weary sigh as if this was not unusual for her, and Azula's curiosity got the better of her.

"Do you... always invite strangers to spy on your commanding officer?"

"Only the pretty ones." the red-head winked at her, "We used to do it all the time back in Omashu. It kinda helps everyone out, Khan included, when more people talk about how he's 'prince-like'. It makes people more willing to talk... or surrender peacefully. Plus, It never gets old seeing other girls realise that he's just too much man for them to handle."

"I've heard boasts like that before." Azula couldn't hold back her snort. Besides, she wasn't interested in how he looked, only in what he was planning.

"Heh, you noble girls are all the same playing hard to get." Suki chuckled with a smug smile, "You're like Lieutenant No Fun over here. I keep inviting her, but she hasn't taken up my offer yet... no matter how much she secretly wants to."

"I'll just pretend I didn't hear that." The guard quipped back.

"Like you always do." Suki rolled her eyes before smiling at Azula. "So, you going to join me?"

"I'd love to." Azula smiled back. How could she possibly turn away the unknowing Kyoshi Warrior's offer of candid access to oversized peasant's secrets? Yes, there was a possibility that this was a trick and they already knew who she was, but if it wasn't... This could very well be the golden opportunity she had hoped to stumble on.

"Good choice! What's your name?" Suki chirped as she wrapped an arm around Azula's shoulder, surprising the princess with her audacity. But she'd bear with it for now.

"Aluza." She said, "But you can just call me Alu."

"Okay, Alu. Follow me." Suki invited- leading her around the back of Khan's abode, "Say, did you get any physical training in that fancy lass school?"

"You mean the Royal Fire Academy for Girls? Yes, physical education was part of our curriculum."

"That's good to hear!" Suki seemed delighted by that. "Follow my lead."

Azula then watched as Suki proceeded to run up the wall of Khan's abode and skip over the railing as casually as a normal person would climb stairs. She goggled at that... That was Ty Lee levels of acrobatics! No wonder Khan accepted them into his forces. And Azula was displeased: She only had one Ty Lee, but Khan apparently had six? She didn't like being outdone. Perhaps she can get the other Ty sisters under her thumb? Certainly something to consider later on, but for now, the red-head waved down to her from the rooftop.

"Come on! Or do you need some help?"

Azula bristled at that. No, she wasn't going to let an Earth Kingdom Ty Lee knockoff look down on her. She moved back a bit- putting some distance between her and the metal wall. Then she burst into a sprint, building up the momentum to run up the wall and join Suki at the top.

"No, I don't think I'll be needing help."

Eyebrows raised, the Kyoshi Warrior complimented her. "Huh, you're the first girl outside the 41st that I've seen to pull that off. That Royal Fire Academy must have really put you through your paces."

"Hardly. I simply finished top of my class in physical education." Azula bragged... but that was without counting Ty Lee and her six sisters, of course. Their record-setting grades didn't count. Honestly, it was like those girls were born on a trapeze! Her father even spoke with the headmaster about it and made it so that, technically, the Crown Princess was still top of her class. Just as it should be. Still, it didn't mean she was a slouch on it- her athletics was still world class.

"Well, it saved me the effort of hauling you up here. Let me just open this up..." Suki grinned as she crouched down and opened a hatch on the metal roof.

"A secret entrance?" Azula murmured.

"Yep, and don't mind the mess, this place gets a lot livelier when the whole squad is here." Suki said to her as Azula followed after her into the dark crawlspace- likely the space between the outer roof and the interior ceiling. There were some personal effects of the Kyoshi warriors scattered about: scrolls, books, bowls of fruit and some bed rolls. The only real feature of note was another trap door, one that led to the actual interior.

"Alright, moment of truth." Suki whispered to her, before adding with a smirk, "And try not to drool when you see how hot he is."

"Yes, we certainly wouldn't want that." Azula dryly replied.

"Acting cool and proper won't change a thing." Suki teased as she went prone and cracked the trap door open ever so slightly. A tiny sliver of light shone through the gap, and the redhead snuck a peek through it. Her blue eyes widened in delight and she quietly chuckled, "Fortune smiles on us... Looks like we got here just in time."

"...The agreement was for you to stay until we get to the Capital City..."

Azula's eyes lit up with anticipation as she heard Khan's familiar voice streamed through the gap. As quickly as she could, she went prone as well- quietly crawling up beside redhead to look through the gap.

This was it.

This was surely a turning point in her and Khan's little dance of influence and politics. He may have caught her on the backfoot with his surprising level of cunning, but this little gap in his security may have her seizing the advantage. If she was really lucky, she'd be able to acquire a part of his elixir's secret formula. But she'd take anything she could get at this point: His plans for how he'd further gain her father's favour, the names of the noble clans he'll treat with, even just some indiscretion that she could blackmail him for. Anything that could tip the scales in her favour. And so, heart beating in anticipation, Azula peered through the tiny gap into Khan's private chambers, and found...

Khan without a shirt on, facing away from their view.

Azula felt a light blush on her cheeks as her eyes appraised his body. Yes, the commander had a very fine physique, muscles chiselled like any iron statue of her father; but Suki- the love struck fool- had made it seem like a big deal. And he wasn't alone in the room, Azula noticed. The June woman was there as well- Khan's mercenary tracker with her trained shirshu... Her interest was certainly piqued, this meeting between commander and tracker might shed some light as to his next move...

But just as Azula leaned forward to listen closely, it happened.

Khan turned around and the morning light caught his features at just the right angle. And in Azula's mind, something just clicked. Like the finishing stroke placed on masterpiece painting or the last piece of a wooden puzzle box sliding smoothly in place, it all came together for her.

Carried atop a body that could conceivably crush mountains, his was a face that radiated regal authority- a strong jawline, noble cheekbones that held up piercing green eyes, and a regal brush of sea raven-black hair. And in that moment, Azula finally understood what Suki was saying as a single horrified realisation dominated her thoughts.

Oh no... he's hot.

"Yeah, that's the expression I was expecting." Suki purred right by her ear, "Earth Kingdom. Fire Nation. You noble girls all say the same thing, but end up making that same face. So... looking at him now, what do you think?"

"What do I think of him?" Azula whispered, her voice breathy and her mind like in a daze. She didn't even know what to think- it was hard to form a coherent thought when all her blood was rushing to her cheeks, her mouth feeling dry as a desert, her body burning feverishly hot, and there was coiling tenseness in her lower abdomen that was longing for... something.

Suki must have seen her reaction, because the red head's knowing smile was practically audible in her voice. "You know what? You don't need to tell me. I can practically feel the heat rising off your cheeks..."

Normally, she would have bit back at that remark, but it just so happened that it was at that moment that Khan strode across the room- muscles flexing with each step- and Azula pushed down the urge to whimper. No, that was tantamount to admitting defeat! But then she watched as the June woman reached into his trousers and pulled out his... thing. It looked positively massive when the mercenary held it in her small, pale hand. As thick as her wrist and looking every bit as large, powerful and intimidating as the rest of him was. Azula felt her face explode into a fiery blush as she squeaked, "T-that's-!"

"-Pretty big, huh?" Suki nodded, still grinning smugly, "I bet none of the noble boys you've dated have anything on him."

Flustered and dizzy, Azula replied before she could think to stop herself. "I've never-"

She clamped her mouth shut, but as she spotted Suki's grin grew wider, she knew that the damage was already done.

"Oh, I see." the redhead grinned wider, "Another sheltered noble girl whose only experience is her fingers, huh? Well, you're in for a treat."

"You impertinent peasant, you can't look down on me like tha-"

"Look! They're starting."

Azula watched as Khan's biceps flexed as he effortlessly lifted the June woman and sank his organ into her. They- they were copulating! Rutting like animals! Azula fought the urge to run away. Yes... she had to bear with it. They might discuss something afterwards, perhaps she can stay here. She had to stay here and watch closely just in case. Just in case.

"Woah... look at him go." Suki whistled quietly, "He's normally gentler than this, but he's really going all out with June today. "

"How is she enjoying that?!" Azula whispered, unable to look away from the sordid scene happening right before her eyes. The way Khan was practically impaling the slender slip of a bounty hunter on his massive member over and over again was beyond obscene! The howling moan that came from her throat... the wet sounds of their copulation...and especially the way his muscles rippled with each animalistic thrust? It made the tightening coil in her abdomen worsen, and Azula tried to squeeze her thighs together to stifle the aching heat. What was wrong with her? Was there poison in the air?

"That's called being really horny." Suki answered sagely, and Azula's golden eyes flicked towards her.

How did she...

"You were mumbling stuff out loud." Suki's smile curled into a teasing smirk. "For you to not know what 'horny' feels like... Is this your first time actually looking at a man this way? Wow, you're really inexperienced, huh?"

"Sh-shut up!" Azula really wanted to snap back with something cruller that was more appropriate for this level of insult, but the lewd sounds from the lascivious sight below were ringing too loudly. She could barely hear herself think from all the moaning and groaning!

Suki just graced her with an understanding- almost fatherly- smile, "Hey, me and my sisters were also in your shoes once. It was slim pickings for dateable boys back on our island too, and all we had was some cheap romance books to instruct us in the ways of love. Although... I never would have guessed that it would be the same situation here in the Fire Nation capital. So, I can get why you'd feel that way. My first introduction to actual brain-melting arousal was Khan too. And Spirits, was that a ride! Hopefully watching this show will give you lots of material for those nights, unless... You still think you can take him on?"

Her heartbeat sent racing at that. "Why would I want to copulate with him?!"

Suki just smirked, glancing at the animalistic display happening below them- to the June woman screaming and shouting her pleasure- before looking back to Azula. "Why don't you get caught by Khan and find out for yourself~?"

"Aside from his apparent virility!" she hissed back. The idea of being caught and forced to be some... she pushed the thought aside and looked away.

"Do you seriously need another reason?" Suki hummed with an amused smile, "Well, people back in the Earth Kingdom mistake him as 'The Prince of the Fire Nation.' What do you think, Alu? If you didn't know who the royal family were, could you mistake him for your prince?"

"Khan? As- as the prince?!" Azula muttered in horror. Her being forced to marry that brute? She'd never allow herself to stoop so low! And her father would never allow it. Never! "I... can't imagine someone with Earth Kingdom green eyes being the prince, but... Yes, I can see how people can mistake him as a prince."

"So~" Suki swooped in for the killing blow like some bird of prey, "Would you if he was?"

"I-"

"Hold that thought! Here comes the first cumshot!" Suki whispered excitedly.

Azula wished she could look away, but it was... morbid curiosity. Yes. Nothing more. It was nothing but morbid curiosity as she watched that oversized peasant in all his muscled form force his member into June. It was as if he had levered his whole body into slamming his hips so powerful that it rang in Azula's ears, and his animalistic grunt of pleasure must have meant that he was filling the mercenary up her with his seed. Like some animal. A big, virile animal! It went on for far too long for Azula's liking. Long enough that her mind began to wonder what it would feel like if he- No! She shook her head again. Then finally, June- clearly spent from the violent copulation- went limp in Khan's arms and he just looked down at her disappointedly like she was a broken toy. Azula almost felt an alien twinge of what was possibly sympathy for the bounty hunter.

"Aw, June passed out." Suki noted with a disappointed pout. But then her blue eyes lit up in realisation as she said again, "Wait, June passed out. "

"Yes, and?"

Suki's lips stretched in a mischievous smile, "And Khan is still hard. If we go back to the front door, I could introduce you to him and maybe we can convince him to give you a ride."

Azula's blush returned full force- feeling as if all her blood was pulsing just underneath her face's surface.

"No! I don't want that thing near me in a million years!" She hissed, and immediately, she found the other girl's hand clasped tightly over her mouth and Suki was shushing her with the other. Her blue eyes weren't even looking at her- instead glancing to the still ajar trap door. Azula followed her gaze to see Khan who was glancing about the room, clearly looking around.

"He knows something is up!" Suki urgently whispered, taking her hand off of Azula's face, "But we can still get away."

Azula cursed under her breath. She was able to get nothing from this little escapade of hers. Just a lurid display of Khan's naked body swinging his hips into- Azula shook her head clear. No, now was not the time to get distracted. It was time to cut her losses and plan her next move against Khan. She moved to leave the way they came... only for another complication to arrive.

"Wait, my sleeve's caught on the latch!" Azula whispered, trying to wiggle loose her silk sleeve from the trap door.

"Just tear it off!"

"No, he'll figure out I was here from the fabric!"

Suki just flashed her a reassuring smile, "Relax, Kyoshi Warrior never leaves a girl behi-"

"Suki! I know you're up there! What did I tell you about spying on me getting dressed!?"

Hearing Khan's booming voice, Suki changed her mind. "Like I was saying: Every girl for herself!"

She turned around and began crawling the other direction, but Azula managed to grab onto Suki's ankle as she half-angrily and half-desperately hissed, "No, don't leave me, you traitorous peasant!"

"Let go!"

"Not until you help me!"

"Do you have any idea how long Khan's going to hold off on sex if he caught me?!" Suki urgently whispered, and that only made Azula fully angry.

"That's it?!"

"You saw what he does with his cock! I'm not giving that up!"

"You licentious little wh- oof!"

"Sorry, Alu!"

Suki's foot darted out and delivered a swift kick to Azula's rear, sending her sliding forward through the trap door and down a full four metre drop before... Pain. Pain like nothing Azula felt before flared up as she landed squarely on her rear. Her hands reflexively reached down to what was undoubtedly her bruised behind.

"So..." A deep voice rumbled over her. All the blood in her body seemed to freeze as Azula looked up to see: Khan looming over her. She gulped down. Spirits, his naked body was more imposing when he was looming over her. Just the faintest sheen of sweat coating muscled torso as if the half-hour long session of frantic copulation was barely a workout for him. And he was still hard. Azula's mind quickly went to places.

"...What force could possibly compel the Crown Princess of the Fire Nation to hide in my ceiling and peep on me having sex?"

The words barely registered in her ears, what with the shadow of his massive... thing darkening her face.

"Suki!" She blurted out, "Suki made me do it!"

Khan seemed to be perplexed by that. And even with her heart racing, Azula recognised an opening when she saw one, and resorted to her first reflex that was trained in her all her life: Lie, lie, lie and lie.

"And how dare your underling make me witness such an obscene display!" Azula stood up, ignoring how her rear flared up in pain as she desperately channelled all her embarrassment into an approximation of rage. "She had lied and misled me. Me! The Crown Princess of the Fire Nation! This is a grave insult, commander! And an insult to me is an insult to the Throne of the Fire Lord. So, you had better hope that I gather the mercy to not have your entire division court martialed for this outrage! I will be taking my leave. And when we meet again, Commander. I expect you to display the proper level of grovelling contrition for this, or I will have you burned alive where you stand!"

Khan was still visibly taken aback, and Azula eagerly took advantage of that to exit by turning on her heels, holding her chin up and letting herself out of his abode before he could say anything else.

Her heart raced wildly with every step, worrying if any of the 41st was going to stop her and bring her back to Khan and his massive peni- house. His massive house. No one seemed to know or care about what happened. The soldiers just ignored her as if a girl marching out of their commander's abode was nothing out of the ordinary. And as she quietly thanked all her Fire Lord ancestors for that as she exited the camp. Only when her royal carriage and escort was in view, she allowed herself a shuddering sigh of relief.

"Princess Azula, You look heavily flushed. Are you alright?" The lead Imperial Firebender of her entourage asked.

Memories of what she had seen rushed before her eyes, and she felt the flush of her cheeks redouble.

"Yes, I am." Azula said curtly- barely keeping her voice from squeaking like a lizard-mouse. "N-Now mind your own business and take me back to the palace."

It was a failure on her part- not being able to discover anything of the commander's plans. But even if nothing came from it, she had somehow successfully salvaged her dignity in that awful situation. She'd count that as a win any day.

Now, all she needed to do was get those images out of her head.

[Back inside]

As I watched Azula storm off, I massaged my temples to stop the incoming headache. This was a mess... and it was obvious who was behind this.

~ Arousal: Intensely feminine. Perfumed, Abbey brand. Two sources nearby. One source fleeing.

"Suki... I know you're still up there." my voice rumbled with the specific type of annoyance reserved for her. Called out, Suki in her Fire Nation cotton reds casually climbed down from the open trap door.

"Hey, Khan!" Suki grinned, "So, what do you think of her? I for one am seriously impressed with her... She went through that entire threatening speech without ever taking her eyes off your cock. I mean she was really glaring at it."

I just settled an accusing gaze on the lone Kyoshi Warrior as I began getting dressed in my usual armour, and Suki just nervously sweat under the scrutiny.

"You uh don't believe that I made her do it, right?" stammered Suki.

"No."

"Great, I-"

"She made it sound like you cunningly planned for this to happen and then outsmarted her." I cut her off, "That can't be you."

"Hey! I can be smart and cunning!" The redhead pouted, "I could definitely trick someone I just met."

"Speaking of which..." I grumbled as I put on my helmet and stared at her through my skull helmet, "Suki? Why was the first thing you did upon meeting the Crown Princess of the Fire Nation was invite her to spy on me having sex?"

Her blue eyes widened in a sudden realisation, "Wait, you mean she really was the Fire Nation Princess?!"

"You didn't know?!" I shouted incredulously.

"Well, how was I supposed to know that was the Princess of the Fire Nation?!"

"I gave you a description! And don't avoid the question!"

"Hey! You can't blame that on me!" She defended, "Almost every girl we've seen so far in the Capital city has black hair, golden eyes and looks like she really believes her fart doesn't stink! If there's anyone who should have recognised some Fire Nation fancy pants, it would be Lieutenant No Fun! She's the one who was guarding your door when the princess came marching into camp!"

"Okay, fair point." I conceded before looking over to the second person that could be held culpable for this mess. "Lieutenant! Why didn't you inform me that the crown princess of our country had showed up at my doorstep?!"

The Lieutenant stepped in the doorway, visibly nervous even through her red armour.

"My deepest apologies, sir!" She slammed a salute to her helmet. "She didn't introduce herself and I didn't recognise her, this is the first time I've ever seen Crown Princess Azula before!"

"Well, one of you must have recognised her!" I shouted in utter disbelief. I brushed past the Lieutenant and stepped out of my abode- the rest of the red-tented camp coming into view. By this time, a good portion of the 41st was gathering to see what the commotion was about- the crowd wearing a mix of our usual 41st Division armour and Fire Nation civvies. And I threw my expectant gaze across them, silently pleading with my eyes for someone- anyone- to agree with me. "She walked through our camp! In plain view! Don't tell me that no one in the entire 41st Division knew what our Crown Princess Azula looked like before this!"

But instead, I was met with only sheepish and ashamed looks. I lowered my helmet-covered face into my armoured palm with a light clang.

Nope, apparently not a single one of them had recognised the princess of their own country.

"Sorry, sir..." The Lieutenant spoke up, as if voicing the entire division's apology, "The only portraits they handed out in bootcamp was of Fire Lord Ozai."

I just sighed. I keep forgetting this was before the age of the internet. I was a long way from the era where anyone could just pull out their phone and google how someone looked like. And I also keep forgetting that the 41st Division were once just random fisherman sons and dirt farmer daughters from the poorer Fire Islands who were shipped out to some nameless bootcamp so that they can be properly trained to be barely-trained cannon fodder. Of course they probably had never even seen the Capital city before this, much less the royal family.

"I expect you all to kowtow if she shows up again!" I shouted to them all, "I can step in and pull strings to prevent some of you from being imprisoned, but not all of you! And the ones who I do have to step in for will be doing latrine duty with the indentureds for a year!"

"SIR! THANK YOU, SIR!"​

"Now go practise your marching!" My voice boomed at their bowing forms, "I want us to have the snappiest marching formation out of all the Fire Nation Army in the Great War Commemoration parade! Don't embarrass me in front of Fire Nation High Command, 41st! And that's an order!"

"SIR! YES, SIR!"​

With one last salute, the crowd promptly dispersed throughout the camp.

"Uh, Khan?" Suki spoke up beside me- just the tinge of guilt in her voice, "Aluza- I mean, Azula isn't going to get you in trouble right? She looks like the type to make stuff up."

"Yes, Azula is definitely that type. But I don't think she will in this case." I replied, "Because that would mean she'll have to lie to her father's face about what she was doing, and her father is the one person she can't lie to. Or at least, she can't make too big of a lie. That's the only reason why I'm not sprinting to the Royal Palace right now to try and fix things. Speaking of which, Suki...."

The busty redhead flinched, likely expecting punishment.

"...I'm letting you off the hook."

Surprised, she looked up at me with her deep blue eyes before breaking into a wide grin, "Awww... I knew you couldn't get enough of me!"

"Cheeky brat..."

Her smile turned sly as she stepped closer, pressing her soft bust against me as she purred, "Why don't you take this 'cheeky brat' inside and show that old hag how a girl actually satisfies you?"

"You know that you're just going to end up in the same state as June."

"You're right, I think I'll call the cavalry." She grinned before looking over to the door and calling out, "Hey, Lieutenant! Wanna be an honorary Kyoshi Warrior for the next few hours? I could use some of that famed 1st Cavalry Scout Squad ferocity for this... engagement. Going to be a hard target- very hard- but I heard that each of your squad can take a pounding and just keep going."

The Lieutenant's feather-topped helmet peeked through the door.

Reputation check succeeded!
100/100 Reputation Required with {41st Division}

Obedience check succeeded!
100/75 Obedience Required with {41st Division}​

"Commander... Is that an order?" the poor girl squeaked, her eyes darting between me and the door. It was always amazing to see how fast one of my best officers can turn from hardened veteran to blushing maiden with a few words.

"No, it's not. As you were, Lieutenant."

"oh... okay... I mean, yes sir!"

"Well, I don't mind if you want a bit of one on one." Suki pressed, her smile still sultry, "I bet I can last longer than June."

"Maybe you would have... if you didn't get caught, and just showed up after June passed out." I told her.

"That's fair, but teasing me this much totally isn't." Suki pouted before raising an eyebrow at me. "I'll be honest, I thought you'd be madder about me peeping."

"I'd better not notice you peeping anymore, or there'll be consequences. Understood, Suki?" I told her with a stare that said I meant it.

"Understood, you definitely won't next time!" Suki winked playfully.

"Let's just... get back to work." I told her with a sigh as I went back to my crafting bench and deposited the snoozing June in my bedroom. "Do you have the scroll?"

"Yep! Let me just go grab it."

With a wink, she quietly jumped into the hidey-hole and shut the trap door behind her. I shook my head. Her learning how to hide better from me was good enough. After all, I wanted to encourage Suki and her Kyoshi Warriors to improve their stealth skills. Perhaps one day, they'll be able to sneak up on me who has an enhanced sense of smell and a healthy amount of paranoia. If they can sneak up on me, then they can sneak up on anyone. And who doesn't like their squad of personal ninja assassins to be extra stealthy? But the real reason as to why I give Suki so much leeway was a little stat called...

{Right to Rule}
'I am your ruler now, bring me your bitches!'​

Right to Rule serves as a reflection of your standing as a potential ruler, representing the level of respect, legitimacy, and acceptance you command among the ruling elite, the nobility, and the general populace across the Four Nations.

Legends hold that it is the aura of eminent authority that only rulers supposedly graced with Celestial favour can exude. Fittingly, your Right to Rule is distilled from the many different sources and forms it takes. For the ruling elites, it is a nod to your suitability to rule by the standards of their respective tradition and lineages. In the eyes of the general populace, it is the force of personality you possess - a tacit, collective agreement that you are and always have been destined to be something greater.

At high Right to Rule, your actions will generally be received as those of a monarch rightfully exercising an authority seemingly mandated by Heaven itself. Meanwhile, a low Right to Rule indicates that your actions will generally be viewed as those of an upstart commoner grasping for power.

In a world where the whims of rulers shape destinies and kingdoms rise and fall, one's Right to Rule is beyond crucial for those who dream of holding any measure of power and status.

+ R +

{Right to Rule}

35 Points - Rising Contender
'You are- what most in the political sphere would call- 'a sweaty tryhard.''​

You have managed to elevate yourself to a position where you are a contender for leadership. While you may not yet be hailed as an eminent ruler-in-waiting, your standing is notably higher than most commoners and even some lesser nobles. You exude a level of respect and promise that has piqued the interest of the ruling elite. And among the nobility, you are not dismissed as a mere upstart, and some among noble clans have at least considered aligning themselves with your cause or testing the waters for a potential alliance or rivalry. The world watches you in interest; but whether you will live up to the expectations, both good and bad, is entirely up to your own political savvy.

Active {Right to Rule} Bonuses / Maluses:​

+10: Your {Reputation} and {Infamy} across all Four Nations
+5 : (Suki) Rumours of your princely countenance
+10: Bumi's acknowledgment of his formal surrender of Omashu to you
+5 : (Suki) Recognition as a competent leader by the Kyoshi Warriors
+10: (Suki) Confirmed Rumours of your princely countenance
+5 : De Facto rule over the South-Western region of the Earth Kingdom

-10 : Not of any known noble bloodline

+ R +​

This was the real reason why I give Suki so much leeway.

The busty Kyoshi Warrior was solely responsible for almost half of all my {Right to Rule} points. And I'm certain that my other companions will be more of the same. So far, I hadn't encountered any checks for Right to Rule, but that was because I was out and about on the battlefield. Now that I was playing politics and subterfuge in the Fire Nation Capital City, I had the suspicion that Right to Rule may play a larger role now. That was a good enough reason to search for ways to increase it.

The trap door to the hidey-hole popped open and Suki stuck her head through, red hair hanging upside down from her.

"Got it! Here's my portion of the intel, Khan." She chirped before deftly tossing a scroll straight into my palm. And thanks to my new [Aroma Hunter] skill, I detected the specific mix of scents wafting off of it.

~ Sweat: Distinctly Suki's oceanic scent. Faint musk from Abbey brand perfume. Mildly sweet with arousal.

I frowned as I held up the scroll. "You hid it up there where you led Azula though? What if she discovered it? And... Did you hide this under a pile of dirty laundry?"

"Oh, good guess!" she grinned with a wink, "I wrapped it in some of my used panties. Hoity-toity noble girls would never have thought to look for sensitive intel there!"

"Please don't be a slob while you're living in my ceiling. But... good work, Suki." I said, unfurling it with a crisp rustle of paper. A map of the Capital City greeted me, several buildings in a specific district had been marked with red ink and annotated with a list of goods, mostly contraband: Animals pelts poached from various Fire Noble Clan's lands across the Fire Islands, questionable extracts harvested from exotic flora and fauna, and various goods whose tariffs were just too high to be profitable when shipped legally. Ah, valuable contraband- the lifeblood of the criminal underworld. And now, it was laid before my eyes. Part of it at least, some of the Capital City's districts were unmarked.

Suki beamed an upside down smile, "I'm positive that my sisters will have intel on the rest of the districts when they report back too. Fire Nation smugglers aren't that different from Earth Kingdom ones, it turns out. They're all just merchants at the end and keep pretty detailed inventories of their cargo. Why'd you ask us to sniff them out anyway?"

"I chose you and your sisters for this task because you all have the most experience with hunting ship-based smugglers before. As for why... The Fire Noble Clans are moving against us as we speak, June's intel confirmed that. My rank and mutual arrangement with Admiral Zhao can only protect us so far. We need some allies of convenience who have their thumbs in the Fire Islands' industrial complex, and following the trail of ill gotten gold pieces is the swiftest way to know who would be the best fit."

"And you can get that from just the inventory?" Suki asked as she dropped down the hidey-hole, landing without a sound before leaning her slender frame against me.

I placed her scroll on my workbench; and beside it, I placed June's scroll of Fire noble clans. My armoured finger tapped each one, "If we cross-reference your intel with June's, we'll have a clear picture of which Fire Noble Clan controls which cartel. We supply the right Fire Noble Clans with the right commodities from the South-West Earth Kingdom; and soon, we'll have a temporary stranglehold on their clan's purse strings. The Fire Noble Clans will be forced to treat us with due respect then. I'll need you to walk me through exactly what you saw in the warehouses, Suki."

Nodding, she leaned over the table with me, her slender finger tapping the first location on her scroll. "Okay, this warehouse by the market is owned by the Ty clan..."

I listened closely, letting Suki talk. Then I clarified and noted and asked. How large was the warehouse in relation to their stock's volume? Because that would give an indication of their cash flow. Did they have a feeding area for ostrich-horses? That would signify their operations reached farther inlands. Was the office richly decorated? How organised were the stockpiles?

We spent about two hours like that, just making connections between each location and the list of names that June supplied. To her credit, Suki had a very good memory when it came to missions and was able to answer most of my questions.

"And we're done." I announced, rolling up the annotated scrolls and discreetly placing them in my [Inventory]."Barring any more surprises, we'll soon be too valuable to be bothered, politics-wise. Just as soon as your sisters return with their intel."

"Finally!" Suki immediately celebrated- throwing her arms in the air with a relieved groan. "That felt like a history quiz!"

For having the sheer audacity to be attractive...
{Azula} Reputation : -10 -> -20​

"You've been a lot of help. Good job, Suki." I said sincerely.

She perked up at that, "Then do I get a reward for a good job?"

"Well, since we're in Capital City, I can give you some spending money." I nodded, "Or If you see anything you like, you can bring it here and I'll craft you something better. I'll be stuck here crafting gear for expedition into the North Pole after all."

"Well, I have something else in mind: I want what June got~" She said with a sly smile, tugging on her red top until a hefty pair of creamy, pink-tipped breasts slipped out like a pair of sweet peaches. "Maybe you have another 'job' that you'd like me to do for you? Or to you?"

"N-"

She pressed them together with her arms and begged with her deep blue eyes. "Please fuck my breasts?"

"-Later." I allowed, ignoring the victorious shout of 'Score!' from the topless Suki, "For now, we wait for the others to arrive. You'll need the whole team for this heist, and this time, you don't need to memorise things."

"So, just rooftop hopping and shadow-hugging in the big city with the girls then a night of sex to celebrate after? Count me in!" She smiled while fixing her top. "Let me guess. You're going to have us steal scrolls that list the library's inventory again, aren't you?"

"Obviously." My skull-faced helmet nodded, "After we win the siege at the Northern Water Tribe, we're going straight to the Si Wong Desert. Those Inventory scrolls are going to be impossibly valuable to the person I have in mind. The Fire Sages' High Temple library, the Zoryu Hall's library, and the Royal Archives-"

A very worrying notification flashed in the corner of my eyes.

"-but those can wait. Scout out the parade route, first and foremost." I urgently told Suki, "Take note of any vantage points that an assassin could probably use. The Great War Commemorations are just a few days away after all. I don't want to be caught off-guard in case someone decides that I need to die."

"You mean Princess Azula?"

"I mean Princess Azula." I nodded.

"Nah~" Suki said with a sly smirk. "After what she's seen, she's probably touching herself thinking about you right now."

"... That's what I'm worried about." I said with a sigh, "Especially when this is your fault, not mine."

"Hey!"

I reviewed the last notification.

For forcing her to touch herself for the first time to the thought of you...
{Azula} Reputation : -20 -> -50​

Azula had apparently discovered the joys of masturbation; but not only was she absolutely furious about said discovery, she was also blaming me for it.

[The Royal Palace]

Breathing heavily, Azula lay on her bed, her fingers glistening with her moisture and her cheeks hot with a blush. The silk sheets that covered her naked body provided a surprisingly comfortable sensation against her skin.

It was a thoroughly shameful thing, she did. But at least the knot in her lower belly was gone now- sated.

"You'll pay for this, Khan," she vowed, her mind filled with vivid and explicit images of herself. The imagined scenarios had ignited a mixture of anger and desire within her. She couldn't fathom the audacity of indulging in such forbidden fantasies, but they had left her both exhilarated and infuriated. The thought of succumbing to her most primal desires- fueled as they were by the memories of commander's brutish copulation and the whispers of that Kyoshi Warrior- lit a fire in her to seek revenge for this indignity.

But as much as she loathed to admit it, Azula had to grudgingly acknowledge the commander's strength. He commanded a loyal and formidable force that-even on just the battlefield of political favours- had already outmaneuvered and caught her by surprise once. And she now doubted her ability to handle them all alone.

Azula could only hope that the letter she had sent would reach its intended recipient quickly. She was going to need backup if she wanted to turn the tide of this ongoing battle for her father's favour.

After all, what were old friends for?

(Later) [On a neighbouring island]

As the sun dipped below the horizon, casting a warm orange glow over the sprawling Fire Nation port town, Ty Lee perched gracefully atop a sturdy wooden beam nestled within the heart of the bustling big top tent. Balanced on her slender hands, she practiced her routine. She made sure to stay limber by doing splits with her legs- trying to spread her thighs as wide as they could so that her legs were in a long, straight line and her toes pointing in opposite directions. Her usual pink outfit sparkling in the fading light, and almost tearing at the crotch seams.

"Alright, Ty Lee..." She coached herself as she eased up on the split, "You have to remember not to do perfect splits during the shows. Don't want to flash the crowd again."

Apart from that one hiccup though, the circus was so fun! And her aura had never been pinker too!

With a playful giggle, she spun in the air, twisting her lithe body through the air with a grace that could only be matched by a true acrobat like herself. Her fellow performers, circus animals, and curious onlookers. But she paused in her rehearsal when she noticed that, down on the ground, Ringmaster Shuzuma- a skinny man with a grey koi moustache and flowy purple robes- entered the big top tent.

"Gather around, boys and girls, gather 'round!" the ringmaster's aged but still clear voice announced, drawing the attention of everyone present. The Platypus-bear tamers, the strong men and the trick riders... They all stopped their rehearsals to listen to the ringmaster who waved a scroll in the air. "Gather round, because I've got a letter that'll make your hearts soar higher than our acrobatic Ty Lee here!"

Giggling, Ty Lee landed gracefully on her feet and hopped down from her perch to join the celebrating crowd, her brown eyes shimmering with curiosity. She listened closely with everyone else as the ringmaster cleared his throat and began to read from the letter, his wrinkled hand almost shaking with excitement. "Dear Fire Nation Circus, your stellar reputation as the Fire Nation's premiere circus has caught the interest of Throne of the Fire Lord, and in their fathomless generosity, now cordially extends to you the honour of performing for the Great War Commemorations at the Fire Nation Capital!"

Gasps of astonishment and excitement washed across the circus members. After all, the Great War Commemorations at the Fire Nation Capital was renowned for its grandeur and extravagance, and being invited to perform there was a rare and prestigious honour.

"I know what you're all thinking." the ringmaster continued, "Yes, it was usually a more serious affair, but apparently, now that war is about to end. Now is the time for smiles and laughter and festivities! My friends, this is an opportunity of a lifetime! We'll showcase our skills, make history and entertain the masses! We will enrich the lives of our fellow Fire Nation citizens with smiles and wonder!"

There was an awkward silence as everyone just stared at him blankly, and Ringmaster Shuzuma just sighed.

"Yes, and we're getting paid handsomely doing so."

"Now we're talking!" Someone from the crowd shouted out, and it was at that moment that the crowd erupted into raucous cheers. Her friends exchanged excited glances, cheers before breaking out in dancing and celebrating. Even the animals joined in with the noise, swept up in all the energy. The dreams of their upcoming performance in the Fire Nation Capital fill everyone's hearts with excitement of a grand old show and a big payout.

Ty Lee just frowned, feeling like such a stick in the mud for not being able to celebrate with her friends.

"Hey! How's our acrobatic star of the show?" Ringmaster Shuzuma greeted her before noticing her unsure expression, "Is something wrong? Are you nervous about the huge crowds? We can get you more elastic pants this time!"

"No, it's not that." She said, nervously wringing her long braid, "I'm just a little worried that my family might be in the Capital City. And the possibility of me running into my six sisters... or worse, my parents?! I'm definitely not ready for that talk."

"I see." the elder ringmaster nodded in understanding, "Well, we can keep a lookout for your family and warn you if the Ty clan buys any tickets. We can switch out your act if they do, and they'll never know you're here!"

"Oh no, you don't need to!" she said as she put on a smile to reassure the elder ringmaster, "I was just being stupid, because I don't think it's going to happen anyway! My family never really sailed to the Capital City for the commemorations before because we always had our own little festival on our home island. Yeah, they were probably still back on their home island. Bored out of their skulls. My family usually keeps away from the politics of Capital City and focuses on our own trading company. So, as long as there isn't anything that could attract them to the capital, I can keep my Aura shining pink, and just enjoy performing for a huge crowd!"

"That's the spirit, girl!" the ringmaster cheered with an excited pat to her back, "We're going to dazzle Imperial City with the acrobatics of the Amazing Ty Lee!"

"I guess so!" Ty Lee giggled. "Watch out, Capital City! The circus is coming to town!"

- Suki made me do it End -
​
AN:​

This chapter *still* occurs right at the start of the episode... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 18 - The Waterbending Master). Taking place after (The Northern Air Temple) and right before (The Siege of the Northern Water Tribe, Part 1).

Just one more chapter and we can go back to the action... I dislike all this talking when we should be conquering. But Ty Lee and Yor need some spotlight if Azula's story arc in Book 2 is to happen. I feel that chapters are utterly boring without a bit of violence, or the threat of it at least.

The worst/best part about Suki's scheme to turn noble girls into peeping voyeurs is... that it's actually working fantastically. Work hornier, not harder!
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:SamuelAtomizer, Ghjikl, Silent Knight and 1,643 others
Infonticus
Oct 4, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 15: Azula’s Circus of Madness
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Nov 3, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,278
Chapter 15: Azula's Circus of Madness

[Khan's Abode, 41st Division Encampment]

Ever since she had discovered masturbation, Princess Azula never came back to visit our encampment again.

... I'm still not sure if that's a good sign or not.

Nevertheless, it had allowed me to operate freely- completely unrestrained by the direct supervision of the Throne of the Fire Lord now that the only two people in the Fire Islands who could actually boss me around were indisposed.

The first one, Fire Lord Ozai, had been surprisingly easy to please for a monarchic despot. All I had done for him so far was to pledge to destroy his enemies and to give him the 'Elixir of Immortality' once completed; and as a result, he was already sending me encouraging little letters every other day like a strange combination of a machiavellian head of state and a doting soccer mom, particularly on the subject of working with his daughter 'on a long term basis.' I was hesitant about that idea of course- his daughter was after all the only other person who had the authority to boss me around.

Azula's title of 'The Chief Organiser of the Great War Commemorations' afforded her a surprising amount of authority; and between the Fire Lord and the princess, she would have been much more troublesome to deal with. Mostly because she was one more inclined towards directly exercising her rank over me than her father was. But now, all because Suki had -I quote- 'awakened the Princess' hidden potential to The Feminine Secret Art of the Hiding Finger', my political rival was currently too embarrassed to meet me face-to-face after masturbating to the thought of me.

At least, that was my estimation of the events based on the very obvious clues about her behaviour.

For forcing her through the heinous indignity of privately fantasising about your naked body...
{Azula} Reputation : -40 -> -25​

Oh, there goes another... And it's a positive change this time! Yesterday, it was a negative change for that same exact reason. Not that I let her incomprehensible reputation changes bother me anymore: I had long decided that I was not going to waste time and effort trying to understand how a crazy girl's mind works, especially when I was a very busy man. Speaking of which...

I looked up from the crafting bench to boom out with my deep voice, "Lieutenant!"

And like clockwork, the metal door of my abode promptly clicked open and allowed the armour-clad lieutenant to stride in with her freshly polished and laundered Fire Nation uniform. Her gleaming red armour plates and the black silk tunic she wore underneath looked ready to pass every parade inspection known to man as she presented a crisp salute to me. "Yes, commander?"

I nodded in approval. Hopefully, the rest of the 41st Division will look just as good in time for the Great war Commemorations parade. Spirits know how little we cared about pomp and appearance during our rampage through the Earth Kingdom.

"Looking snappy, Lieutenant."

"Thank you, commander!" She saluted, "Uh... You look deli- good too! Sir!"

I looked down to the trousers and blacksmith's apron that I wore, and paid her comment no mind, "How goes the distribution of Princess Azula's portraits?"

"We just finished distribution an hour ago, sir." She replied, "We're expecting all platoon leads to report back in a few hours that they've briefed their men and their indentured servants on what the Princess looks like."

"Good." My voice rumbled, "That'll be all, Lieutenant."

"Sir!" The lieutenant saluted again before leaving through the door to go back to her post.

I shook my head. Hopefully, that'll spell the end to any more misunderstandings with the Princess. I still wasn't certain that my Reputation with Fire Lord Ozai was high enough just in case Azula decided that I was to be removed. So, I could do nothing but prevent it from getting to that point. Her opinion of me was currently the opposite of stable.

But with Azula preoccupied with exploring the joys of being a woman, I took as much advantage of it as possible to seize whatever advantage I could.

I had directed the {41st Division} to practise their marching for the Great Commemoration Parade in the mornings and train wearing their snowshoes on the sandy beach in the afternoons- the closest we could get to simulating the lightly packed snow of the North Pole. I had {June} resume building her web of informants in the local pubs through drinks and gambling- the servants of the Noble clans all but happy to drunkenly reveal 'harmless little tidbits' about their masters that June was building into a complete profile. The {Kyoshi Warriors}, I had directed to continue with their skullduggery- traversing the rooftops of Capital City like Assassin's Creed characters as they scouted out important locations of interest throughout the Capital City and pilfered documents here and there.

As for myself, in the scant moments when I wasn't writing correspondence with Fire Noble Clans, I had been working my forge day and night to craft all the equipment my division will need for our North Pole expedition.

"... and done. Finally." I breathed a sigh of relief as my seven-foot-tall frame stepped back from the crafting workbench.

Skill Level up: [Smithing]! Lvl 23 -> Lvl 24

Attainable Item Qualities
Poor - Shoddy - Common - Fine - Superior - Exquisite - Masterwork - ???

+ R +​

I appraised the (Superior) [41st Division Frostguard Greatcoat] (Of Warmth) resting on my workbench... before tossing it into the pile where several hundred other identical red greatcoats lay. Each one, I had crafted over the past few days. It normally would have been physically impossible for one person to craft so many. But with my [Quality Assurance] perk, I was able to speed up my crafting speed at the minor cost of item quality. Such a slight drop in quality was very much worth it- my greatcoats were still leagues better than anything the (Common) quality winter gear that the Fire Nation Army was issuing to the rest of the invasion force. And with a bit more training, 41st Division will be ready to laugh off the blizzards of the North Pole... and whatever water tribe army that thinks they can take us on.

But just as I finished that line of thought, A notification blinked into existence as if to tell me that I was wrong.

New Quest:
OUT OF THE FRYING PAN, AND INTO THE BLIZZARD
​
Main Objective: Prepare for the Siege of the Northern Water Tribe before the armada departs

Sub-Objective #1: Equip the entire 41st Division for arctic weather conditions (85% Complete)
Sub-Objective #2: Train the entire 41st Division to be competent in Arctic Warfare (13% Complete)
Sub-Objective #3: Double the Fire Nation Army's enlistment rate in this upcoming enlistment season (4% Complete)
Sub-Objective #4: Dedicate 70,000 Gold Pieces in war funds for this campaign (13,000/70,000 Gold Pieces)​

Rewards:
Massive bonus exp
Perk Point x4

+ R +​

I paused, resting my palms on the workbench as my mind raced.

For once, I was not interested in the rewards, because the quest had grave implications that were leagues more worrying. Either the quest was giving me a challenge to go the extra mile for extra rewards, or... it was subtly hinting to me that I didn't even have the bare minimum of manpower and resources to even think of winning this arctic campaign. And this was going to end with all of us freezing to death in the North Pole, or impaled on the icicles of the Northern Water Tribe or in a myriad other grisly ends.

Suffice to say, I couldn't risk it being the latter.

I was already in the process of preparing for the siege; but this quest was demanding that I do several times more in terms of preparations. Sub-Objective #1 implies that the heap of Frostguard Greatcoats and snowshoes that I had spent the last few days crafting apparently were almost enough to prevent being frozen to death. Almost. Sub-Objective #2 had the wording that says 'competent in Arctic Warfare' meaning that the 41st Division was still woefully incompetent and undertrained for arctic warfare. Given that we were going to be facing waterbenders on their home territory, the 41st Division may very well be on the receiving end of a battlefield massacre this time around. #3 hints that Zhao's main invasion force could use more troops which implies that the armada is going to be undermanned. And the wisdom of the battlefield dictated that in a conventional siege, the assaulters must outnumber the defenders 3-to-1. And #4 was asking for five times more money than I had!

I was about to plan how to achieve all of those objectives when the sound of an armoured gauntlet rapping knuckles on metal resounded from my door.

"Commander, sir?" the Lieutenant called out, "Mistress Yor and Lady Anya are here to see you."

"They're here early." I remarked with a sigh. I may as well hear their reasons for myself. "Send them in, Lieutenant!"

The metal door creaked open, and through it, walked in the most violent creature in all the Fire Islands.

"Khan, It's so good to see you..." Yor Briar smiled softly at me, red eyes sparkling under a soft fringe of silken black hair. She had changed out of her black dress that she used for 'business', wearing instead a red sweater with dark stockings. But there was still no mistaking the angelic face framed of a young mother who wouldn't trade gentle joys of motherhood for anything else in the world... and what it masked underneath: A blunt instrument of mass murder. If Suki and her Kyoshi Warriors were the scythe that cut down enemies, then Yor was the runaway combine harvester that mulched through entire crowds.

"It's good to see you too, Yor." My voice rumbled in congenial greeting, hiding my dismay. "You're back early."

And by that, I meant that they shouldn't have been here at all. She was much too dangerous and bloodthirsty for something as delicate as the political maneuverings that I was doing. It was the reason why- upon arrival in Capital City- I had handed her a pouch of gold pieces and told her to 'spend some quality time with her daughter for the next few weeks.' By that time, the 41st Division and I would have been far, far away from her... It would seem that I was not that lucky.

"Anya wanted to spend time with you." Yor replied with a smile as said daughter followed through the door.

"Anya is here!" A small six-year-old child with her pink hair and black dress scurried across the room towards me and wrapped her tiny arms around my leg. "Anya missed Papa Khan!"

"Anya, don't call Khan that!" scolded Yor, but her heart wasn't into it.

"Did you have fun with your mother?" I asked, picking the tiny child up.

She beamed at me with all the youthful exuberance and innocence of a normal six-year-old girl who did not have her schoolyard bully burned at the stake while she enjoyed her steak to the sounds of his screaming. Except, that's exactly what she did. Another bloodthirsty maniac starting out young.

"Yes! Anya had lots of fun!" She giggled in my hands, "We went to this nice beach house on the island and we got to play in the sand everyday! Mama missed you a lot too!"

"Anya!" Yor chided, a blush spreading across her pale cheeks.

"It's good to see you two after your little vacation." I asked with a smile to mask my worry. I doubt I could send them away again, and leaving them unsupervised will likely end with a bloodbath- the exact opposite of what my current situation needed. I'll need to stay with them and keep them from lashing out. There was nothing I could do at this point apart from playing the part of the father to this mother-daughter pair of murderous psychopaths.

"Papa, look!" The smaller of the two psychopaths smiled brightly as she held up a flyer. My eyes scanned the paper covered in colourful images of trained animals, silly clowns and smiling circus performers all under a big red tent.

"Where'd you get this?"

"They were handing it out at our resort." Yor smiled. "There was supposed to be a circus coming to the island, but they changed their minds at the last minute to head here in the Capital City instead. We followed them here because... well..."

Her red eyes glanced to her daughter.

"Anya wants to go to the circus with Papa!" the child beamed, waving the flyer in my face again.

"Sorry, Little Anya." I told her, placing her down onto my workbench, "I don't think I can take you to the circus. It's going to be a busy few days for me. Very busy."

Half of the [Out Of The Frying Pan, And Into The Blizzard] quest's main objectives could be easily completed. It was just the 70,000 Gold Pieces that was most worrying... A single gold piece was about enough to support a 41st Division soldier for a week. Wage, food, equipment and all. So, the fact that the quest was expecting 70,000 Gold Pieces was insane! That was more than enough to sustain the entire 41st Division on a protracted 5-month-long siege! That was a whole Battle of Stalingrad! Moreover, 70,000 was not going to be an easy procurement. We were in Fire Nation homeland after all, it's not like we can just pillage a few villages for the money like we did in the Earth Kingdom.

"Ah. Anya will help!" the pink-haired little girl announced, her tiny hand darting into the pocket of her black dress' and fished out a few copper pieces to hand to me. She beamed a happy grin up at me, "Khanmander Papa needs money!"

"We can afford tickets to the circus just fine." I reassured her, but she just pouted.

"But Anya wants to help!" she insisted, offering up her copper pieces in her pale, tiny palm... Until she realised that the copper pieces were sticking to her hand and shook them off- sending copper pieces flying through the air.

One of them stuck to my cheek.

"Sorry, Khan!" Yor apologised for her daughter, "Anya, Mama told you to wash your hands!"

"Sorry, Papa!"

"It's fine. You were only trying to help, just be more careful." I waved it off as I peeled the coin off my cheek. The regal copper face of Avatar Szeto coated with some gunk. Immediately, my level 5 herbalism perk [Weed Secrets] activated- allowing me to 'weed' out all the information out of the gunk.

(Exquisite) [Dew of the Mountain]
​
Bubbly and sweet to the tongue, yet soothing to the stomach, the Dew of the Mountain is a gentle, effervescent elixir with an emerald shine to its liquid- evoking the image of freshly-rained forests that drape over mountain slopes.

When consumed, it subtly but steadily reinforces the drinker's health as if imparting the serene endurance of ancient mountains. Those that imbibe the Dew of the Mountain find that perseverance comes easier: Their torn muscles and bruised bone from battle-worn injuries mend quicker under the elixir's effects; and the throbbing aches and soreness of long treks lift away with each sip of the elixir's bubbly texture. It also bears the uncommon distinction amongst usually bitter elixirs to be surprisingly palatable if not outright delicious to drink due to its sweetness.

For these reasons, the Dew of the Mountain has been known to see extensive use on the march. Whether it's skilled scouts drinking the elixir mid-patrol or their ordinary foot soldiers sitting down for a short breather, the Dew of the Mountain is a prized asset for anyone on the march where steady and sustained physical performance are a requirement.​

+ R +

Made by: Khan (Herbalism Level 18)

Ingredients: Mountain Dew, Bacui Berry, Lychee Nuts, Ginger Root

Effects:
(+5%) Health Regeneration for (22) hours
(+15%) Stamina Regeneration for (5) hours
(+5%) Disease Resistance for (22) hour

+ R +​

I considered the soda gunk on the copper piece. I had originally brewed 'Dew of the Mountain' as my Red Bull's milder cousin- a health tonic meant to speed up the afterbattle recovery- a process whose importance was often underestimated by commanders. Another point in its favour was that the ingredients for the regen components were also common and cheap enough that I had been able to put it on the division's commissary as a luxury commodity on the march.

It had been surprisingly useful, this [Flask of Refillment], supplying me and the troops with unlimited purified water and other drinkable liquids. In fact, it has been the most valuable item in my-

That gave me an idea.

"Let me see that flyer, Anya." I hurriedly asked, and she handed it to me. Then I held up the colourful flyer against the annotated intel scroll from the Kyoshi Warriors. It all came together. Yes, this could work: I can complete two of my most troublesome objectives in one move. I had the experts, the products, the massive untapped market with no competitors, and most importantly, I had a foot in the door with the Fire Nation Military in the form of the big man himself...

"What is it, Khan?" Yor asked, tilting her head.

The pieces all fit and the steps lined up. It was time to do a tried-and-true method of getting rich really quick, and I might be rid of Yor and Anya in the process as well. A simple three step plan already came to mind. I smiled with relish. First, we needed the product.

Step 1: Find distributors willing to move a sizable stock of 'Dew of the Mountain'​

"Lieutenant." I called to the soldier who had been standing quietly in the corner. Her red-armoured frame saluted at attention. "Send a runner to June and the Kyoshi Warriors. I have a new assignment for them. I need them to source some alchemical ingredients for me. Report back when you're done, I have some sensitive correspondence for you to deliver to."

"Yes, sir!" She barked before double timing it out of here.

Seeing the Lieutenant rush out, Anya's entire face lit up with a smile, "Does this mean we're going to the circus, Papa?!"

"Even better." I said, and little pinkette looked like her mind was just blown.

"Even better?!" she whispered in awe.

"Yes." I nodded knowingly, "Anya? How would you like to help me run a circus?"

Her green eyes sparkled with wonder as if I had just offered her the entire world.

"You're the best Papa ever!"

(Later that afternoon) [Fire Nation Circus Grounds]

Azula's boots crunched on the gravel path, navigating through the maze of canvas tents as the the scent of sawdust and hay wafted all around.

She wasn't going to let Khan defeat her.

The texture of the small stones beneath her feet were a harsh reminder of her fall from grace. Khan had no doubt planned everything from the start with that Kyoshi Warrior to humiliate her and throw her off her game. Yes, he may outmaneuvered her, snuck behind her back to get to her father and then humiliated her with his disgusting display; but she wasn't going to just take it lying down.

Azula winced as she entered a towering circus tent loomed like a colossal firebender's flame, its red and gold fabric rippling in the breeze. The wording of her own thoughts made a lewd mental image flash unbidden through her mind, but she pushed the image out of her head. Khan did this: just one more reason for him to burn. And for that, she needed an old friend to level the playing field.

She allowed herself a small smile as she pretended not to notice passing by the flexible girl in the lychee pink costume who was doing her stretches. And she also pretended not to notice when the girl's gray eyes locked onto her.

"Azula!" Her old friend waved to her, "Azula, over here!"

"Ty Lee?! Is that you?" Azula gasped, widening her golden eyes in feigned surprise.

"The one and only!" She chirped before gently sharing a brief hug with her. It was a hug that had Azula frowning, her old friend had apparently... grown in their time apart judging from the feel of her soft chest against hers. Between Ty Lee and the Suki girl, she might get left behind... and that only made her more upset. A month before this, she wouldn't have spared it a thought. But now, after her disastrous visit to the commander's encampment, she was made keenly aware of such things now. Curse him for this.

"What are you doing here?" Azula asked her, pretending not to know.

"Well, you sort of invited me here!" Ty Lee giggled. "Did you miss me so much that you hired my entire circus to perform here in the capital just to see me again?"

"Oh, it was just a happy coincidence." Azula only half-lied this time. It was indeed a coincidence, but she wasn't happy that she had to call for help to handle a single Fire Nation officer that was supposed to be under her command. Nevertheless, she smiled amicably at Ty Lee, "I required a colourful performance for the Great War Commemorations- adding levity to an otherwise stiffly military affair for the peasantry and what not. Your circus just came highly recommended."

"Of course we are! We're the best circus in the Fire Islands!" Ty Lee winked. "But it is so good to see you again, Azula. And can I say that your aura is absolutely glowing! What have you been doing the past few days?!"

That stopped Azula in her tracks, the faintest blush powdering her cheeks.

"... I've been busy conducting Great War Commemorations after all." Azula said after only the briefest moment of hesitation. It would have fooled anyone else, but Ty Lee had been her friend since their early childhood. The brunette was quick to recognise that uncharacteristic hesitation in her, and that was all her friend needed. Her grey eyes widening in realisation.

"Azula..." Ty Lee breathed in soft surprise.

"Don't give me that look, Ty Lee!" She aimed an angry snarl at her, "It's not what you think!"

But the brunette was undeterred by her glower, her smile only widening in outright joy as she held Azula's hands, "Oh, it's a guy isn't it?! Azula's super fiery heart has finally been sent fluttering by a guy like some butterfly! Or maybe a flutterbat in your case! Is he cute?! Oh, he must be seriously cute if he managed to catch your eye!"

"No, Ty Lee! He's not cu-!"

Azula slammed her mouth shut as she realised that she had let slip something.

"He?" Ty Lee gasped before actual tears of pride began streaming down her cheeks as she shouted victoriously, "So, it IS true!"

Azula found herself swept in a big hug once again- the excited Ty Lee's cheek rubbing against hers.

"Oh, I knew this day would come! I knew it!" Her acrobatic friend, who Azula found to be increasingly annoying, gushed. "I kept telling Mai, but she was convinced that you were going to end up as a grumpy old spinster with a hundred cat-owls! I always believed in you!"

"Mai said what?!"

"Oh, that's not important right now." Ty Lee said with a brilliant smile, wiping her cheeks with her sleeve, "You have to tell me all about this guy! How did you meet him? Where'd you meet him? Oh, I know! Let's go out and chat over some dumplings! My treat!"

Waited on to answer, Azula was finally given the opportunity to set the conversation straight. Taking a deep, calming breath, she pushed down the urge to light her friend's braid on fire. Instead, she looked her in the eye, her gold meeting Ty Lee's grey and she spoke civilly, "I have no time for gossip over dumplings, Ty Lee. I'm here on official business to meet with the ringmaster. As Chief Organiser of the Great War Commemorations, I'll be inspecting that all the performances are in order, and extract some reassurances that wild animals won't suddenly get loose in the Capital City. After which, I have a few matters that I think you can help me with. And then, perhaps we can... catch up."

"Awww... so I guess you didn't come here to see the trained platypus-bears either, huh?" pouted Ty Lee, but that only lasted for a moment before she smiled back at Azula. "But ok! Let me tell you now that this circus is the best! You won't find inspect anything wrong here!"

Azula breathed a silent sigh of relief. The conversation was back on track, now she can-

"I thought that huge commander guy already did that earlier, but I'm happy you dropped by too!"

Azula's blood froze as she stopped in her tracks, and her voice came out in an horrified whisper, "What did you just say?"

Ty Lee just tilted her head in confusion.

"Uh... there was a Commander Khan guy who came here in the morning?" She answered, "I wasn't sure if he was an Army or Navy commander, but he was huge, maybe three times as tall as me! Ringmaster Shuzuma talked to him for a while before he announced that the circus made a kind of partnership with the commander."

"Is that so..." Azula hummed, but her mind was already racing in a panic. Was the commander already making his move to remove her? No, that shouldn't even be possible. The circus only arrived earlier today. It would be absurd to assume that the commander had already figured out her plans and outmaneuvered her yet again. Unless... he had been intercepting her messenger hawks and reading her correspondence all this time. Yes, that must be it. He would not have known otherwise and acted so quickly. She will have to interrogate the personnel in the Royal Messenger Aviary.

She had possibly found the intelligence leak, but once again, the damage was already done.

That was rapidly becoming a recurring theme in all her encounters with Khan: With her being put on the defensive as he struck in places she did not expect. And she hated it. She had always been the one to have others dancing to her tune- not the other way around. So, the fact that she had to keep responding to the commander's moves was not only immensely aggravating for her, but also very difficult just from how unused she was being on the backfoot. Why would he even pursue a partnership with this foul-smelling circus when all she had aimed to do was to discreetly recruit her friend? What was Khan planning? Or... has he already compromised Ty Lee?

Golden eyes swivelled towards her flexible friend who was doing a handstand.

"Ty Lee." Azula began, as innocently as she could. "You wouldn't happen to have met with this commander, have you?"

"Nope!" Ty Lee happily chirped, doing a handstand, "He left as soon as he and the Ringmaster Shuzuma finished talking. Whatever that whole partnership was about, the ringmaster seemed to be in a really happy mood since then. And the other members of our happy circus family have been talking about getting a pay raise from the ringmaster. Not me though, I'm just happy to do what I love! Being the one and only Amazing Ty Lee!"

Azula ignored most of the inane chatter. The important part was that Ty Lee couldn't lie to save her life and she just confirmed that she had nothing to do with the commander. Still, the commander's dealing with the circu's ringmaster was a concern. She spoke her observation aloud, "Gold has changed hands at least. Perhaps I can catch him off guard here..."

"Why?" Ty Lee chirped, "Do you think the commander is a traitor?"

"Traitor? Perhaps not. Reaching beyond his station? Oh, definitely."

"Politics... ugh."

"What else have you noticed about this deal with the commander, Ty Lee?"

"Nothing much?" Her acrobatic friend hummed, resting her feet on her head before her grey eyes widened. "Oh wait! The commander's wife and daughter came around, and the ringmaster said that we're supposed to treat them like honoured guests!"

Azula's breath hitched as she reconsidered her plans.

She had intended to take Ty Lee and immediately retreat to the palace to prepare for her next move. But... This could be the opening she needed: The commander's family was apparently here. True, it was strange to imagine a violent brute like him would have a wife and child, but at the same time, it wasn't. The wife was likely some pitiful, beaten down Earth Kingdom noblewoman who he had forcibly wed. And that was her opening: All she had to do was offer that pathetic woman a way out of her husband's grasp, and she'll have a little bird relaying the commander's every move to her. Then she'll retake the initiative and utterly destroy him for all those previous slights.

With her decision made, Azula put on a 'friendly' smile, "Are they still here Ty Lee?"

"Yup!" Her friend nodded, smiling as she flipped onto her feet, "I think they're still over at the animal trainer's tent."

The commander may have been a worthy opponent, but some frail warbride and her little girl?

"Excellent," Azula purred. "I think I'd like to meet them."

This was going to be almost too easy.

[The Animal Trainer's Tent]

Beady black bird eyes looked at her with interest.

'~ Small furless two-legger. Has cabbage? ~'​

"Yuppers!" Anya beamed as she threw the piece of cabbage past the bars of the cage. The Lion-vulture snapped its great beak at the leafy greens, catching it mid air and gobbling it up excitedly. And she heard the animals in the other cages think the same thing.

'~ Cabbage! ~'​

Anya liked animals. Their thoughts were easy on her head. Not like the people who thought too big and too fast- listening to them think made her dizzy trying to keep up.

"Look, Mama! It likes veggies a lot!" She tugged on her mother's red sweater.

"It looks like it does!" She smiled back.

That's why her Mama was really nice to be around too! Her thinking was fast and scary sometimes- full of ways of how and where to poke holes into people to make them unalive. But a lot of the time, it was also slow and gentle. Just like her! Sometimes it goes so slow that it's like she can't even hear anything, just nice music! Her Mama really was the best!

'It was nice of Khan to give us backstage passes for the circus. It's like we have the circus to ourselves. He's so sweet to Anya...'

Anya nodded knowingly. Of course, her Papa was the best too. He was big and strong and could make toys for all the good little kids like the Fire Lord Ozzy does! But she just wished she could hear her Papa's thoughts more. At first, she thought that it was just his helmet blocking her out, but even the times when he wasn't wearing it, she couldn't hear his thoughts unless she focused really hard. It made her think that her Papa might be special like her! And she tried to think really hard whenever he was looking- shouting it in her head that she wanted him to be her Papa. But it looked like he wasn't the same kind of special as her.

She tossed another piece of cabbage to the lion-vulture. She didn't know what her Papa meant when he thought 'Step 1: Find distri-somethings willing to move a sizable sock of 'Doo Mountain' but if it meant that she can play with the animals and watch the performers all she wants then she liked the plan! Her Papa's plans were always so fun!

And whenever his helmet was off, he was really...

Her brows furrowed and she looked up to her Mama, "What's the boy kind of beautiful?"

"Handsome."

"Oh, Papa is handsome!" smiled Anya.

"I-I guess so...?" Her Mama looked away, her cheeks going red like a cherry. "But Anya, you really have to stop calling Khan that."

Anya pouted. Khan let her call him Papa, but it still didn't feel like he was really her Papa yet. The people she'd asked said that they needed to kiss and hug so that they could get married and Fire Lord Ozzy could summon the fire stork and give them a baby. Anya thought that seemed like a lot to do. And she still wasn't sure if she was ready to be a big sister... But if that was what it took to make the Khanmander her Papa, then that's what she needed them to do. She tried a couple of times on the boat to get them to kiss and hug. So far, it was really hard... the Khanmander was always busy with Auntie June and Suki. And her Mama always ran away.

She'll have to think of something soon.

Anya went to throw some more cabbage at the lion-vulture, but realised that her hands were empty. She showed them to her mother, "Mama? I'm outta cabbage."

Her mother's hand gently grasped her as she smiled down at her, "Let's go ask the ringmaster where they store their cabbages."

"Can I stay here? There's a lotta people out there." Anya said back. And it made her head dizzy hearing all those thoughts.

"I don't like leaving you alone..." Her mama said as she led her to sit down on some hay. "But just this once, just sit still while Mama gets more, Anya."

"Okay!" Anya just nodded happily. "Oh, and can you ask the Lou Teni for more Mountain Doo?!"

"It's 'Dew of the Mountain.'" Her mama reminded her with a smile, "I'll go find the nice Lieutenant and see if she can get us a cask this time."

"Yippee! You're the best, Mama!"

Her Mama walked out of the tent- leaving Anya alone to think about what she could try next to get Khan to be her Papa.

Maybe getting her Mama on Khan's chicken will work? Auntie June and Suki were always thinking of riding his chicken. She still didn't know why they call it 'cock' but her Mama said not to use that word. So it must be a grownup thing. But she was already six-year-old, so she figured it out real quick: It was obviously like those ostrich-horsies that her Papa's Featherheads rode, and his chicken must be pretty amazing if everyone was thinking of how big it is and how good it felt riding it.

"Heya, Anya!" A familiar voice interrupted her planning.

"Ty Lee!" Anya shouted back with a grin as her newest friend strolled in through the tent entrance. She liked Ty Lee- she was as nice as she was bendy. And she was super bendy! She could even jump really high like her Mama or Suki! She was really cool! She was walking with another girl too. Someone that Anya didn't recognise. Black hair like her mama, but she walked like the Lou Teni, all stiff and soldier-like! Anya found her yellow eyes scary though- they looked sharp somehow.

Then a wall of thoughts hit her like a runaway sabre toothed moose-lion.

'~ Small. Frail. Her mother isn't in the tent. A possible trap then? No, Khan has too much of a War Hero reputation to maintain for him to use a Fire Nation child as bait. Why leave the child unattended then? Perhaps it's not really his? No, her Earth Kingdom green eyes vaguely resemble those of Khan. Around five years of age too- He must have sired her from before he joined the army. The mother was likely some Earth Kingdom trader or the sort. What a brute of a man to have done something like that even before joining the army. This only confirms that he must be put down. Yes, for the good of the Fire Nation Army.' Father will be pleased that I- ~'​

"Owie..." Anya sat back down and gripped her head as she shut her mind closed as best as she could, like plugging her fingers into her ears. She didn't even catch any of that. Something about her Mama and Papa Khan? Anya just focused on making the thoughts quiet. She'd gotten a lot better at it ever since she started travelling with her Papa. But so far, it was a lot easier when there were just one or two people around.

"Anya, are you okay?" Ty Lee asked, noticing that she was wincing.

"Oh, yeah! Just a headache from the smell! Ehehe?" Anya laughed it off. She couldn't let anyone know that she could hear people think! But she did start sweating when the other girl stared with those golden eyes of hers as if she knew that she could read minds too.

"This is Azula, an old friend of mine!" Ty Lee smiled, gesturing to the girl who walked in with her.

"Nice to meetcha, Azoolah!" Anya smiled at the older girl, "Uh... are you here to feed the lion-vultures too?"

Her Mama did say that she should be more friendly! Now that her former bully, Hide, had learned his lesson from his burnt steak, she was free to make as many friends as she wanted. Ty Lee included! Maybe Azoolah will also-

"Don't get familiar with me, peasant." Azoolah snapped, "Do you not recognise that I am your crown princess?"

"Eh? Princess?! Really?!" Anya asked, eyes wide. She looked up at the stiff girl and grew confused, "But you don't look like your Papa is Fire Lord Ozzy?"

Azoolah's eyes narrowed as she said back, "What do you mean I don't look like his daughter?!"

Ty Lee stepped between them- waiving for the Azoolah lady to stop, "Er... I think what Anya meant was-"

"You're not pretty enough." Anya nodded. This was one of the lessons that stuck with her during her time at the school. She pointed a finger at the fake princess, "Everyone knows that Fire Lord Ozzy is the greatest, biggest, nicest and the most fire-est! You don't even look as pretty as Ty Lee! Your eyes are the colour of pee, and you look mean and scary!"

"You little-" She growled- looking really angry that she got found out to be a phoney. Her fists started burning blue but Ty Lee stepped between them.

"Hey, let's not get too hasty, Azoolah!" Ty Lee smiled very nervously. "Azoolah, She's six years old! SIX!"

"Stand aside! This brat needs to be disciplined!"

"Anya!" Her bendy friend shouted to her, "Azoolah really is the Crown princess of the Fire Nation! Can you please apologise!"

"Eh?! Really?! Sorry, Princess Azoolah!" Anya gasped. If Ty Lee said so, then she must really be the princess! She bowed low at her waist so that her back was flat like the floor, just like Mrs. Kwan taught them back in school. But if she really was the Princess, then that means her Papa's plan was working! "Uh... Are you here to help with step two of Papa's plan, your Hiney-ness?"

"Step Two?" Princess Azoolah asked as her hands stopped flaming, looking surprised again even as Ty Lee stepped out of the way.

"Yep! Papa let Anya help too!" She happily announced, smiling up at the princess. Because maybe if her Papa was less busy, he'll finally let her Mama ride his chicken!

"Maybe I do." The princess hummed, "But do you recall what Step Two of Khan's plan is?"

"Step Two -" She held up two fingers to Azoolah. "-is the yummiest step in The Plan! Papa said that it's going to be so yummy that Fire Lord Ozzy will get interested and invite Papa to the Fire Palace! It's so cool! Anya asked if I could have a whole barrel too because it's so yummy, but he said that it's not good for my teeth! But that shouldn't be a problem for someone like the Fire Lord! You're here to do that right? Papa's invited to the Fire Palace now? Can Mama and Anya come along too?"

"Perhaps." The older girl teased, her yellow eyes shining as she smiled. "And where is this barrel now?"

"Lou Teni said that she was going to give the barrel to the nobles and someone called the 'Taiclan'!"

Both of the older girls' eyes went round, and Anya would have giggled if Ty Lee didn't look really scared all of a sudden. Her bendy friend's knuckles went white as she held her braid, "The... Ty Clan? My family is here?"

"Ty Lee?" the Princess girl said with a smile that Anya thought looked a bit too sharp, "What sort of cargo is your family moving for the commander?"

"I don't know! I haven't talked to them in over a year!" Ty Lee said back, her brown eyes darting around as if she was expecting her family to pop out from haystacks any second now. She shuffled closer to Azoolah and said, "I think I'll lay low for a while. I'm not ready to go back! I've barely even been in the circus!"

"You can deal with your family issues later, Ty Lee." Azoolah waved off, cupping her chin as she thought, "This must be the deal between the commander and ringmaster Shuzuma that is facilitated by the Ty Clan. Could it be the Elixir? No, the commander wouldn't risk father's wrath like this..."

Anya didn't know what was happening. Feeling impatient, she stopped holding back her power with just a tiny smidgen so that she could take a peek into the Princess' thoughts.

'~ His daughter is a fool. This was even better than interrogating her mother. To think Khan would make such a massive blunder. ~'

Anya pouted. She was not a fewl! She didn't know what that meant, but it sounded mean! Maybe Papa should burn her at her steak too! Wait a minute... she was being tricked, wasn't she! Princess Azoolah wasn't really part of Step Two? So, that meant she was after her Papa. That confused Anya... They were all Fire Nation, weren't they? They were all the good guys, so why were they after each other- Anya felt all the blood run from her face as she realised what was happening. She'd heard stories about this. They tell them all the time back in her school at Toujin Island and they even read about it in class! So, she had to stop the Princess before it was too late!

Stepping up to the bigger and scarier girl, Anya gulped, "You- You're after Anya's papa, aren't you?! I won't let you get him!"

Princess Azoolah didn't even look bothered by her finding out; in fact, her yellow eyes seemed to glow brighter now that Anya knew that she was up to something.

"Perhaps you are smarter than you look." Azoolah smiled down at her, all teeth.

"Uh..." Ty Lee's gray eyes flicked between the two of them, "... What's going on?"

Ty Lee will help!

"Princess Azoola..." Anya whispered- not taking her eyes off the evil princess, "She's after Papa's..."

"Oh, this will be good." Azoola crossed her arms, her red lips in a smirk that looked extra mean to Anya.

"She's after Papa's chicken!"

"Indeed, I am after his- what?"

"His... chicken?" Ty Lee giggled as if she had told a joke.

Anya frowned at that. It wasn't a joke, it was very serious. The Princess of the Fire Nation had come to take her Papa to her castle and marry him! That'll mean that he'll never really be her Papa then! And she was sure her Mama would cry if that happened, so she had to put a stop to that!

"No. That's not what Anya meant! What Anya meant was..." She bit her lip, meeting the girl's golden eyes, "Azoola wants to ride Papa Khan's cock!"

A loud wooden crash made her jump along with the sound of cabbages tumbling across the ground. And Anya turned around just in time to see her Mama standing there with a dropped crate of cabbages... along with the ringmaster, the animal trainer and a couple of her Papa's 41st featherheads with their red armour and feathered helmets.

Anya nodded as the Princess' face went really, really red from getting caught.

"What lies are you spreading?" Azula shrieked, her face burning up. She could not believe what this irritating little pile of hippo-ox droppings was saying! She had never been so publicly humiliated before! Her reputation was going to get shot if word of this ever got out!

"Mama!" the little pink-haired devil ran to her mother before pointing back at her, "Azula wants to ride Papa Khan's cock before you can! We have to stop her before Papa d- Mmpph!"

"Anya! You can't say that!" Anya's mother whispered as she put a hand over her six-year-old daughter's mouth.

A sheepish smile on her lips, the older woman looked over to her- blood red eyes locking with her gold. And the moment the woman's red met Azula's gold, its tenseness filled Azula like a coil ready to strike. It was a reflex, she realised. But the source of the reason why was clear. Something in the colour of her eyes evoked a deep sense of wariness. As if she knew this woman from somewhere. The entire tent had gone silent as the tension in the tent escalated, their eyes flickering between her and the woman.

"Azula?" Ty Lee whispered, a hint of worry shining in her friend's grey eyes, "Are you okay? What's going on?"

But Azula barely registered her words, preoccupied as she was staring at the woman- racking her mind as she tried to remember where she had seen those eyes before.

"I'm sorry about my daughter." The woman stepped forward with an apologetic smile, "Anya gets excitable and says odd things."

Another step closer, and Azula's heartbeat quickened. What was she missing? Who was this person? And why was there a rising feeling in her gut telling her- warning her- that something was very, very wrong? Azula had come here to take advantage of some frightful Earth Kingdom warbride, but what she had stumbled upon was far more intriguing, and dangerous, than she had ever imagined. Her golden eyes narrowed as she tried to piece together the puzzle that was standing right before her.

"I'm Yor Briar." the bloody-eyed woman introduced herself, "I'm Commander Khan's administrative assistant."

Finally, amid the chaotic swirl of thoughts, a chilling realisation clawed its way to the forefront of her mind. Time seemed to slow. The flicker of realisation painted an expression of unease on Azula's otherwise composed face.

"You." Azula's whisper of realisation echoed through the silent tent.

Here standing before her was the woman who was no ordinary wife of a Fire Nation officer.

"Me?" The woman in question echoed, meeting her gaze with a guileless look of confusion, as if she were entirely unaware of the intense scrutiny she was under. She was a force to be reckoned with, this one. The woman's act was flawless, her facade unshakable. But Azula wasn't one to be easily fooled. Because such was to be expected of the spy who had managed to slip away from the Crown Princess herself.

"Are you one of Ty Lee's friends?" She tittered before stepping forward, "Nice to meet you!"

She extended a hand to Azula, who took a hesitant step back in turn.

Now that the woman was closer, Azula could remember it all too clearly. The memory of a night too long ago bubbling to the surface. The Royal Archives at night, signs of an intruder, a brief chase, a flash of blood red eyes, followed by a kick delivered with freakish strength. There was no mistaking that she was the spy that had attacked her and robbed the library!

But that was not the reason why her gut was doing somersaults in horror.

No, it was how she was connected to the commander.

She had introduced herself as his wife, but clearly that was just a cover. The brute must be having her pose as his wife for his schemes. The level of protection and access that the spouse of a Fire Nation commander possessed was substantial after all. And it could only mean that Khan himself had planned for that theft in the Royal Archives several months before Azula had even heard of him. To what end, and for what purpose? She did not know, nor did she know how he was able to plan all this as a lowly corporal in the Fire Nation Army.

A nervous bead trailed down the side of her face.

How long had he been planning this? How long had she been dancing in his palm, ignorant to the strings he used to pull her this way and that? How much of her actions had he already planned for? How deep has his influence compromised the Imperial City? And most importantly... Who else was under the puppetmaster's commander's strings?

Her golden eyes swept across the interior of the circus tent- across the silent faces of the armour-clad 41st Division soldiers, circus staff in their whimsy patchwork costumes, the unassuming spy/assassin and her daughter... and Azula realised for the first time that she realised that was quite possibly surrounded by enemies. But then, something else caught her eye- the cask that the woman was carrying- filled as it was with more tea from one person, and on the wooden cask's side was a single symbol emblazoned across it: The seal of the Ty clan.

Yes, this Anya child mentioned it before, but seeing it for herself...

A horrifying possibility struck her to the core, and Azula found her golden eyes looking over to her friend.

Was... Ty Lee compromised as well?

Her thoughts raced, recalling every interaction with Ty Lee and Mai in the last year they had been together before they went their separate ways. Innocent conversations, secrets they had shared, and the laughter that had once felt genuine- all now felt like part of a cunning act designed to lull her into a false sense of security. Each moment now tainted with doubt as they were all potential deceptions directed by Khan. Could Ty Lee have been manipulated by the commander in the twelve months that they had been apart? Or worse, was it in the realm of possibility that Ty Lee... in that same amount of time... for whatever reason... had finally decided that she didn't want to be her friend anymore?

Azula ignored that strange pain in her chest as she looked at her friend.

Feeling her gaze on her, Ty Lee nervously wrung her long brown braid and whispered to her, "Azula, you're kind of freaking me out here... What's happening? Why are you so quiet?"

"Um... Don't be angry at Ty Lee, Princess Azoola." The pink-haired demon-child reassured, "I'm sure that Papa made her part of the plan too!"

"Whah?! No, he didn't!" She pleaded, hergrey eyes wide, "I haven't even personally met Commander Khan!"

"But you were there when Papa introduced us to the entire circus?"

Azula's eyes widened in horrified realisation.

"Anya!" Ty Lee shrieked in panic before looking back to her.

That was what settled it. She did know where Ty Lee stood, she had just refused to see it until now. And what a fool she was for refusing to do so! The circus tent seemed to close in around her as the pieces of Khan's intricate puzzle fell into place. The commander's calculated scheme of deception and treachery clicked together to form a vivid picture in her head. He had beaten her at her own game. She had thought she was surrounded by loyal Fire Nation citizens and possible useful pawns in her fight against Khan. But they had been tampered long before she arrived at the board- poisoned pieces just waiting to come into contact with her touch.

Now, it was revealed what they all really were.

"TRAITOR!" Azula howled, her voice echoing through the tent as she pointed fingers at the bewildered circus staff, accusing them with a wild, accusatory glare fuelled with hurt and anger. "Every single one of you is a traitor to the Throne of the Fire Lord!"

Everyone in the tent recoiled at the sudden accusation- from the 41st Division soldiers to the circus staff to Yor and Anya- they exchanged nervous glances as if to feign innocence.

Azula knew better now.

"You!" She screamed at the ringmaster, "You have been spying on me all this time, haven't you?! That's why your circus has been in close proximity to the capital for the past year!"

The old ringmaster's wrinkled eyes widened in fear, and he stammered, "I don't know what you're talking about, Princess! And we had been operating in this region because of recent events that made it more lucrative to do so! Please, your highness, I just manage the circus! Ty Lee can vouch for me! She's been with us for the past year! I swear!"

Azula's accusing gaze then turned to Ty Lee, who had remained silent during the chaos. Her golden eyes met her grey ones.

"You..." She hissed as she met her friend's eyes, "You're a traitor too! How long were you working against me, Ty Lee?"

Ty Lee took a step back, her grey eyes reflecting the disbelief and hurt. "Azula, I promise I have no idea what you're talking about!"

"I knew you could do a lot of things, Ty Lee..." Azula's voice was but a whisper, just the slightest hint of hurt in her voice. "... But I didn't know you could lie to me."

Ty Lee flinched.

"Azula, I have nothing to do with thi-"

Angrily, Azula thrust a finger to the cask that had the Ty Clan's seal on it. "If you had nothing to do with this then why is that here?!"

"I don't know what that even is!" Ty Lee pleaded, "Or even what this is all about! We're all loyal Fire Nation citizens here! No one in the circus was doing any spying! Please, this is all just a misunderstanding!"

Azula's sneer deepened, refusing to be fooled by their feeble attempts to deflect her correct suspicions. "Enough of your lies and your treachery! I hereby banish you from the Fire Nation, Ty Lee!"

"No... you can't mean that." Ty Lee whispered, her voice trembling as she reached out to Azula. Her grey eyes glistened with unshed tears. "I'm your friend, Azula. You have to believe me. Please."

But Azula just batted the offending hand away. "You're more deluded than I thought! The princess of the Fire Nation associating herself with non-benders? As peers?! You were just a pet that I had bought from your mother! You were never my friend!"

For a moment, Ty Lee just stood there, her wide eyes in shock as though the weight of her words had to settle... before the floodgates of her emotions burst open. She didn't say a word as tears streamed down her cheeks, nor when she turned tail and dashed full speed out of the tent. But as Azula watched her go, for the briefest moments, she felt like a piece of herself had left with Ty Lee. But she ignored it.

The traitor was gone. Good riddance. She was lucky she didn't throw lightning at her.

"That goes for all of you!" Azula swept her gaze to snarl over the rest of them, "You are all banished from the Fire Nation! Show your faces in the Fire Islands again and I shall burn you all to ash myself!"

With the veneer stripped off and her trust shattered beyond repair. The air filled with an animalistic cacophony, mirroring the turmoil she had found herself in. Lion-vultures squawked, gnawing at their cage bars, while fire ferrets scuttled about their enclosure, their shrill cries a testament to the growing unease. Even the platypus bears roared in agitation, rocking their cages violently. It seemed fitting, Azula thought, that the chaos within the circus tent mirrored the web of treachery that had ensnared her city.

"You have until I return with my Imperial Firebenders to vacate Fire Nation territory!"

She was already storming out of the tent when she shouted that. Her mind raced as she weaved through the circus grounds, commandeering an ostrich-horse as she rushed back to the palace- a single goal dominating her thoughts: She had to warn her father! She had to warn him of the commander's plot and uncover the extent of the deception that had infiltrated the highest echelons of the Fire Nation and spread its tendrils to every corner of her Capital city.

Because if nothing else, she still had her father.

Her father still loved her. He loved her more than anything in the world. He'd never betray her and leave her for the commander like Ty Lee just did!

(Meanwhile)

Anya just scratched her head as she looked to where her hiney-ness had rushed out to.

"... Whajust happen? Why'd she make Ty Lee cry?" She asked. She was confused. Really confused. Even her Mama just looked confused, staring at her pale hand as she talked to herself.

"I don't know why she'd react like that though... I just wanted to shake hands with her." Her mama muttered, turning her hands over as if looking for something, "Was there a cabbage slug on my hand or something?"

"Mistress Yor... did you not know who that was?" Lou Teni asked and her Mama just tilted her head, blinking her red eyes.

"Wasn't she a noble friend of Ty Lee?"

Anya watched Lou Teni stiffen in her red armour.

"Did we not... give you a portrait of the Crown Princess upon your entry to the camp?" Lou Teni asked, suddenly sounding really nervous. And when her Mama shook her head, Anya watched as Lou Teni slapped her hand to her face like Papa did- it even made the same clang! Lou Teni groaned, "... the commander's going to have me on latrine duty for this."

"Uh, Lou Teni?" Anya tugged on the stiff red plate of the older girl's armour. "What did Azula mean when she said that we were varnished?"

"Being banished means that we have to leave Fire Islands and never return." Lou Teni shook her head, "It's a punishment reserved for serious crimes apart from treason."

Anya tried to get what Lou Teni had just explained despite the big words...

"Ah, I get it!" She smiled up at the Lou Teni, "So Banishment is something for really bad people like earthbenders and bullies like Hide. But Mama only kills people, so it doesn't count!"

"... Yes, Miss Anya, I guess it doesn't." Lou Teni's armoured head nodded, making Anya grin at being right, "Besides, only the Fire Lord has authority to do that. And Princess Azula isn't Fire Lord. Yet."

"Yay!" Anya cheered. She saved the day! Now that she made Princess Azoola run away, her Papa was definitely going to marry her Mama! Her Papa was going to be so proud of her!

[Fire Lord Ozai's tea room, The Royal Palace]

What the fuck was happening?!

For sending your wife against her months ago, siccing your demon-daughter on her and turning her friend against her...
{Azula} Reputation : -25 -> -85

For ruining her friendship with Azula...
{Ty Lee} Reputation : 40 -> -20

+ R +​

What did Azula mean that I sent my 'Wife and daughter' against her? She was referring to Yor and Anya, wasn't she?! I didn't even know they existed in this universe before then! This was exactly why I wanted to give away the two maniacs calling themselves my 'wife' and 'daughter' to the circus! So that they can stop introducing complications like this into my plans! Like pissing off the crown princess and making it all my fault.

The seconds ticked away, each one intensifying the urgency. Because I knew that in a few short minutes, Azula was going to barge through the door and start hurling accusations or firebolts. And I only had until then to raise Fire Lord's Ozai reputation high enough that I could ensure that he would pick my side over his daughter. I had already been enacting a plan to do that, but now the pressure was on. My reputation perks- [Siren's Voice] and [Fire Nation War Hero]- time to put them to very good use.

Looking across the finely-carved tea table over to Fire Lord Ozai who was garbed in his grand red and gold robes and was peering his golden eyes out the window. I clenched my jaw.

It was time...

I dipped my head in a slight bow and raised the delicate porcelain teapot in my heavily armoured hands. "More Dew of the Mountain tea, O' Fire Lord Ozai?"

... to make this one hell of a dainty tea party.

"Of course." Ozai replied serenely, extending his little teacup. "Your tea is as fine as ever, Commander. It is no Red Bull, but it carries its own charm. And you say that you have brewed this from common ingredients?"

"Any woodworker can chop ashwood..." I told him as I poured more of the leaf-green liquid into his cup, "...but it takes a master carver to produce something as fine as this ashwood tea table. I am the same."

"Skilled workers are very valuable, that is true." He muttered, looking into his teacup in contemplation before sipping.

It was still slightly surreal that we were doing this: A warlord giant that had scorched a burning swathe across the Earth Kingdom and the megalomaniacal despot who was chasing after immortality were holding a dainty tea party. But I wanted that government contract to sell Mountain Dew to the military.

"Is the Dew of the Mountain to your liking, O' Fire Lord?"

"Yes, it is." Ozai nodded before looking me in the eye, "But commander... if you needed funding, all you had to do was ask. My generosity is limitless to my loyal servants and I would have gladly granted you whatever you needed for your alchemical research. Nevertheless, I am impressed by your initiative."

"Of course, I am loyal to the Fire Nation- to you." I half-lied with a smile. I was fiercely loyal to the current establishment, but that loyalty had a strict time limit, "Here to support your rule over the world... no matter how long it shall span."

For your reassuring pledge of allegiance to his eternal rule...
{Fire Lord Ozai} Reputation: 76 -> 86​

"Well said, commander. Well said." Ozai smiled into his teacup, and I drank alongside him.

Was 84 Reputation enough? The thought bothered me as I sipped from my teacup- my green eyes discreetly darting to the door. Any moment now, Azula was going to come bursting in. And that 84 Reputation was going to be tested, if it failed... No, I should definitely lay it on thicker. It was already a measure of great trust on Ozai's part for letting me pour his tea, especially since he had used poison to kill his own father and seize the throne. But I still needed more rep before I felt confident.

"My daughter has spoken to you, has she not, Commander?" Ozai began, his golden eyes locked onto me intently, "Have you formed an opinion of her?"

"I had found that Crown Princess Azula is... full of Fire. With all the intelligence and firebending potency to see it through."

"That she does. In our correspondence, I have mentioned the possibility of working closer with her. Have you given the notion some serious thought?"

"I have." I replied, already having prepared a mental list of bullshit excuses since he had first asked in our letters, "I fear that our areas of expertise do not have as much overlap as it first appears and we would have little to contribute to the other. Secondly, our work styles and strategies may not mesh well together, and both of our work may end up hindering rather than complementing each other for quite some time before we can find our appropriate rhythm. And that is not to say the scheduling conflicts that will inevitably arise in preparation for our Final Victory."

"Valid concerns, all of them." Fire Lord Ozai agreed a bit too easily. "But how do you personally find her?"

I smiled a pleasant smile... before lying through my teeth, "Princess Azula is pleasant to be around with, my Fire Lord."

For being so cooperative to his schemes...
{Fire Lord Ozai} Reputation: 86 -> 90​

"That is good to hear." Ozai smiled.

... what the hell did I just agree to?

(A little later)

Azula was panting for breath by the time she had reached the corridor outside her father's tea room.

There, her father's Royal Guard of Imperial Firebenders stood rigid at attention as they guarded the door. Their signature blood-red plate armour, polished to a mirror sheen, glistened in the ambient light, contrasting starkly with the luxurious finery of the palace's corridors. Each warrior clutched a spear in their armoured fists, and their spiked full helms betrayed no hesitation.

"Clear the way! I must speak with my father immediately!" Azula's order cut through the silence, her voice deathly serious. "No one is to be allowed inside while I meet with my father. No one. Not even one of your number."

The Imperial Firebenders glanced between themselves, wordlessly conveying their confusion. Once, she would have called them the Fire Lord's most loyal, but after Ty Lee's betrayal... Azula just didn't know anymore. She could not trust them. Could not trust anyone. But she could at least distrust them the least.

"If the Crown Princess commands it, we shall obey." the lead Imperial Firebender answered.

"Good. No one is to pass. I cannot stress that enough." She snarled, "Kill any who try to insist- this is a matter of national security! No, even more important than that, the Fire Lord may be at risk! Do you understand?!"

"We understand, my Princess." was the royal guard's reply, "However your father is already in a meeting."

"With who?"

"Commander Khan of the 41st Divi-"

"Step aside, you imbeciles!" She roared, pure panic rushing through her veins as she yanked the Imperial Firebender aside before immediately bursting through the doors.

"...And this one is the final work of the legendary artist- Azula?"

She picked them out the moment she entered the room- standing by the south wall in front of that painting of a burning tower. The hard metallic lines of the giant in his armour stood in direct contrast with her father's majestic red and gold robes as the brute stood beside her father like he was an honoured guest instead of the scheming traitor that he was! The sight of her father's surprise expression greeted her... alongside Commander Khan's disinterested expression. His green eyes looked at her calmly- lacking any indication that he was even remotely threatened by her.

"Crown princess Azula." Khan replied with a slight nod from his helmetless head.

Azula's fists twitched and her muscles tightened in anticipation. Forget how handsome his face was! She just a single thought away from launching into her favoured firebending kata and scorching away this man who had taken her friend away from her!

But...

... the rational part of her knew that she would not succeed, solely because that was what Khan wanted her to do. It was obvious to her that it was; because unlike her father, his expression betrayed not even a hint of surprise. Somehow and some way , he knew she would be here- staring him down and on the verge of violence. Khan had planned for this: He wanted her to assault him- to further disgrace herself in her father's eyes.

Her own eyes narrowed at Khan.

She hated this. Hated to be once again forced to a game of words when all she wanted was to strike him down where he stood. But as much as she hated this, Azula knew that she'd hate playing into his hands even more.

"Azula, what is the meaning of this interruption?" Her father asked- just the edge of a demand in his voice.

"My apologies for the interruption, Father." She spoke, not keeping her eyes off the giant, "But I have come to inform you that the commander is a traitor! The same thief that broke into the Royal Archives months ago was none other than his wife!"

"That is quite the accusation to make, my daughter." Her father remarked before facing the overgrown peasant to ask quite archly, "Care to address it, commander?"

There was a brief pause where nothing was said. Just the gold of her eyes staring into the disgusting Earth Kingdom green of Khan's eyes. With all the scrutiny on him, Azula sorely wished to see that large peasant sweat- to be given some sign that she had caught him off guard and on the backfoot, but much to her chagrin, he just glanced unbothered to her father and spoke in his deep, rumbling voice.

"I am sorry to say, My Fire Lord, that the Princess is doubly mistaken. Yor is not my wife, but I suppose rumours are bound to arise from how much her duties as my administrative assistant has her near me. As for the charge of espionage, she had not left my side since before Omashu." His green eyes glanced over to her as he levelled a pitying expression at her. "Perhaps the Princess has been relayed patently untrue rumours?"

Azula raised her eyebrow. That's it? 'No, I'm not married; and no, she didn't do it.' That was all that Khan's defence was? Her eyes went to her father. Surely he wouldn't take him by his word like tha-

"Tell me, Azula... where did you hear these rumours?" Ozai mused with narrowed eyes.

'From a six-year-old child she met at the circus.' would be a horrible answer, and Azula knew it. Left with no other option, she ground out. "From anonymous sources, father."

"I do not know what else to tell you apart from how I am unmarried." Khan shrugged. She didn't even let the sneer off her face as she marched up to him- craning her neck back to look him in the eye.

"Then explain why you have a 'Three-step plan' that involves my father!" She hissed lowly at him, pivoting to the next point she had. "Now this, I can confirm by simply questioning your Lieutenant."

"Ah yes." Khan actually agreed with a small smile, "My three-step plan was to stoke Fire Lord Ozai's in my Dew of the Mountain tea in hopes that he'll allow me the unmitigated honour of supplying the Fire Nation military in bulk with my tea. As you can clearly see, I have been doing my best to impress him with the quality of my work."

"Indeed it has." her father replied, his golden eyes shimmering with a hint of amusement. "And I have tentatively approved of this deal. The Fire Nation Army does need to fight longer and harder for our Final Victory. Anything less is unacceptable."

Azula couldn't believe how effortlessly Khan deflected her accusations. Her mind raced, desperately searching for a way to expose him. She had to prove to her father that Khan was not what he seemed. The implication of Khan's words gnawed at Azula. What was his true intent with this plan? She had to uncover his ulterior motives.

"I shall naturally reserve my finest batch for you, O' Fire Lord," Khan said with a respectful nod.

"As you should,m commander." Her father's pleased smirk didn't waver, and it frustrated Azula. She needed to get through to him, but Khan's charisma seemed impenetrable.

"Father, please! He's-" Azula's voice trembled with frustration, her words on the tip of her tongue.

"He's what, my daughter?" her father snapped impatiently, and it pained Azula to see how easily Khan had manipulated the situation. She saw it in her father's eyes. How she knew that could make all the sound arguments in the world and her father would not listen... because he had already made up his mind. If it had been anyone else, her father would have had his Imperial Firebenders cut them down where they stood! But Khan's stellar reputation blinded him to whatever wrong he had committed. And that fact stung. That he'd believe that massive tonic-mixing oaf over his own daughter!

Azula stopped that line of thought and squeezed her nails harder into her palm to prevent herself from lashing out with her firebending. No, she won't let Khan win. She can't give him what he wants. She'd already lost Ty Lee, she can't lose her father too.

"I understand." She begrudgingly replied.

"Commander, you are dismissed." her father nodded to the giant, "I shall have the Food Services Department contact you for the Dew of the Mountain arrangements."

"Your grace knows no bounds, O' Fire Lord." Khan said with a salute, then he picked up his helmet and just brushed past her. No taunting whisper, no victorious smirk. And Azula just watched as he largely ignored her as he strode towards the exit. She didn't want to let him go unscathed: she wanted to lob a great blue firebolt at him, scream 'You took my friend away from me!' and end him before he could corrupt her father any further. But she bit her tongue, and the fine door clicked shut behind him- leaving her father and her alone in his tea room.

"Azula, sit." commanded her father with a sigh, not even spare her a glance as he filled his teacup with some more of Khan's elixir- the Red Bull one.

She obeyed- sliding into the fine, hand-carved wooden chair across from her father. Both the chair and table was a relic from the time of Fire Lord Zoryu, while the century-old tea set between them was even older than that. Her lips tightened as she watched the amber liquid pour out of the teapot.

"That was patently embarrassing." He shook his head as he poured himself tea, "Accusing my most prized asset on nothing but wild rumours. I expected more from you."

"It won't happen again, father..." She forced out.

The apology tasted so bitter on her tongue- almost choking on it. She couldn't even nail Khan to the wall with his testimony. But how could she when their sole 'judge' was biased for him? When she was already explicitly told that Khan had her father's favour and his protection. She looked down at the bribe that had led her father astray. For its part, the tea sat in its cup ignorant to her immense hatred.

"Be grateful that I am in a good mood, daughter." He spoke before his eyes glanced at her for a moment, "... your punishment would have been severe otherwise."

She winced but said nothing.

"Nevertheless, such a slight can be easily overlooked, even forgiven, especially with what I have in mind. And there is no better way to make amends than pick up where you had last left off."

"Father?"

"I noticed that you had visited the commander's encampment the other day." Her father cut straight to the point this time around, "Had your discussions in a more private setting been... conducive to ensuring his loyalty?"

"I..." Azula hesitated. She wanted to lie- to tell him that she had marched in there and stomped the commander flat with her barbed rhetoric until he was docile and obedient just like she did with other Fire Nation officers. But that would be too big and blatant of a fiction to give to her father. So, she molded her expression into a serene smile as she supplied him with half-truths, "He had listened to what I had to say, but the initial building of rapport is naturally slow going if we are to secure his loyalty long term."

"As to be expected." He said with a nod of his head, and Azula breathed a subtle sigh of relief, but he was not done yet, he prompted her with another question, "I presume you have not informed him of our previous discussion?"

Azula recalled how she had been close to being Khan's direct superior- a missed opportunity that one was, "No, father. Should I have?"

"Hmm..." He stroked his dagger beard contemplatively, "Do you believe it would have helped in your attempt?"

Her golden eyes widened.

"Yes." She nodded eagerly. "If I had direct authority over him, this... 'misunderstanding' would not have happened. I can assure you."

Her heart beat fast. Her father still loved her! Yes, he may hold an unacceptable level of approval for Khan, but she was still his daughter! Yes... there was still hope for her to regain the advantage. She had favours to call in, a Life Debt as well. As long as she had her father's support, hope cannot be lost! She may see that unusually large commoner burnt to ash yet!

Her father leaned back, gazing out of the window at the sprawling Fire Nation palace grounds, "Very well, Azula, I shall expedite the formalities then. Perhaps now, it would be a wise move to let him know about your upcoming nuptials."

Azula blinked, all thoughts of victory coming to a screeching halt.

"Nuptials?" She parroted. The word struck out of nowhere like lightning from a cloudless sky. As in marry the commander? Her father turned his gaze toward her, his lips tightening with just a hint of annoyance for having to repeat himself.

"Yes, Azula, nuptials." he said, emphasising the word. "The commander is to become your husband as marrying him will not only secure his loyalty to the throne, but also allow you to bear strong, capable children so that I will have competent administrators of my own bloodline throughout my eternal reign over this realm under Heaven. We discussed this matter the other day, did we not?"

Azula's mind whirred, desperately trying to recall the conversation. She replayed her father's words in her head, dissecting them like a code she had to crack for any hint that might have implied such a drastic turn of events. And yes, it actually did. He said so. She had refused to believe at first... No, she refused to believe it now too! It was preposterous. She couldn't be reduced to a mere wife, subservient to some commoner, regardless of how influential and skilled of an alchemist he was! It had to be a jest or test! Yes, a test of her loyalty laid by her father to see if she was worthy of his aid- that had to be it!

"Father, this... this marriage." she stammered with a hesitant- almost pleading- smile. "I thought... I was meant to control him, ensure his loyalty and secure you the elixir that you want so much. Surely our discussion was about how I was to rise to a rank above him!"

Her father smiled at her reassuringly. "Oh, Azula, I never suggested that you wouldn't rise above him..."

Azula smiled along, fresh relief filling. Yes, it was indeed a test, and she had passed! Of course her father would never make her stoop so low-

"... After the wedding."

Her gold eyes widened, and the wall of denial she had built up now crumbled.

"No... nononono." Azula abruptly stood, her chair tipping over with a resounding slam onto the waxed floor of fine woods. The room seemed to spin around her as the truth became undeniable. Her father... he was serious! He truly wished for her to marry that brute of a man! First Ty Lee, then her father, and now even her own freedom... She had nothing and no one. Khan stole them all away from her.

"Azula?! Control yourself!" Her father looked at her with disbelief in his golden eyes that she would misbehave. Azula would have scarcely believed it herself, but the anger, the confusion, the desperation, and the hurt swirling within her drove her forwards. But mostly the anger.

Her slender fist slammed into the table with a crack; and perhaps for the first time in her entire life, she shouted at her father.

"NO! You can't do this to me!"​

"You can't just throw me away! I'm not Zuko! And for what? Some fancy tea that some charlatan of a commoner claims will give you immortality?!"

"Have you taken leave of your senses, Azula?" He demanded, the rising anger tensing his face in a snarl, "You know how important this is for my rule!"

But as she looked down at their teacups, all she saw was Khan's face in the amber liquid of the elixir.

"And I'm your loyal daughter!" Tears slipped down her cheeks, "I'm more important than... than THIS!"

Her slender fist shot rose above her head, and in a great flash of blue that lit up the entire tea room, she brought it down with all the force of her accumulated fury and sapphire flames. The ancient table splintered and scorched, the centuries-old tea set shattered to a million pieces, and the accursed contents that had poisoned her father's love for her disappeared in her blue flame!

"MY RED BULL!" Her father shouted.

"Father, he's deceiving you! There's more to this plan than meets the-" Azula's words were cut short as a vicious backhand jerked her head to the side and sent her stumbling to the floor, her cheek stinging from the impact. The shock of the blow disoriented her more than she had expected.

Out of the corner of her eye, the Imperial Firebenders began flooding into the room in an armoured wave of red and gold before the sharpened steel points of spears pointed at her face as her father's imposing figure overshadowed her, his voice laced with disdain.

"I had expected more from you, Azula. First, you embarrassed me in front of the war council like your brother Zuko, then you threw your baseless accusation at my alchemist, and now... THIS!" He waved his hand at the ruined tea set before sneering back at her, "You turned out just like your brother- an utter disappointment. But where he was a sputtering ember of cowardice, you are a wild fire of irrationality. A shame. You used to be so obedient. But at least, you still have your... uses."

He glanced away from her to one of the Imperial Firebenders. "Summon the Commander back."

"Yes, sir!" One marched away in a rush.

"I shall inform him of your and his nuptials." Her father told her, voice holding a tone of utter finality in her ears.
"Fire willing, he shall... correct your attitude, he is skilled in that too after all."

"I'll never bow to him! NEVER!" Azula snarled back from her place on the floor. She swept her feet in an arc, forming an expanding ring of blue flame that forced the Imperial Firebenders to back off a few paces. Then the fight began in earnest.

"Place the princess in house arrest!" Her father called out and the surrounding squad of Imperial Firebenders rushed her- armoured hands reaching out to restrain her.

"Don't touch me!" She shrieked- retaliating with blasts of blue fire, "DON'T TOUCH ME! YOU'RE ALL TRAITORS WORKING FOR HIM! YOU'RE BANISHED! BANISHED! I'LL KILL YOU, DO YOU HEAR ME, KHAN?! I'LL KILL YOU! KHAN! KHHHAAAAAAAAAAAA–!"

[Outside the Royal Palace]

"-AAAAAAANNNNNNNNNN!!!"

I watched in dismay as blue bolts of fire flew out of the new 6th floor hole that the Royal Palace now sported from my vantage point on a pleasant cobblestone garden path.

"Typical..." I remarked, "... But not my problem anymore."

Without another word, my seven-foot-tall armoured frame turned on its heel- doing my best to be inconspicuous as I tried to power walk out of there as fast as I could.

For taking *everything* from her...
{Azula} Reputation : -85 -> -100

+ R +

Reputation with {Azula} at -100! New Companion Skill unlocked!

[???] - Recruit Azula as a companion to activate this Companion Skill!

Rivalry with {Azula} unlocked!

+ R +​

... hard pass. I already had two homicidal maniacs in my camp. I certainly didn't want a third one that was actively trying to kill me. But naturally, the universe was going to make it my problem, and it was heralded by the metallic clacking sound of an Imperial Firebender catching up to me in his metal armour.

"Commander Khan, sir!" the Imperial Firebender saluted as he reached me, "Fire Lord Ozai requires your presence again."

"Of course, he does," I said with a heavy sigh, then gestured with my armoured hand toward the fiery spectacle above us. "At least tell me it's not related to that."

We both looked up just in time for another violent cone of crackling lighting exploded from the hole.

The Imperial Firebender glanced back at me,"... I cannot, sir."

"Of course, you can't." I sighed yet again. "Well, time to see what my Fire Lord wants with me this time."

- Azula's Circus of Madness End -
​
AN:

This chapter *still* occurs right at the start of the episode... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 18 - The Waterbending Master). Taking place after (The Northern Air Temple) and right before (The Siege of the Northern Water Tribe, Part 1). Because of the below reason.

By popular demand, more character interactions... I'll just put one more chapter of character interactions before the 41st leaves for the North Pole.

This chapter was pure pain... Rewrites went up to 3k 7k 12k 14k 17k 21k words... You know what? This chapter will never be satisfying enough for me, just take it. Aaaahhh! I don't care anymore. I just want to go back to writing something other than this chapter! I only got the motivation to write again after receiving some rather unpleasant news about how another's fic was going to go.

No, I was not paid by Mountain Dew to shill their product... I don't even drink Mountain Dew.

Again, Ozai playing some Crusader Kings... If a CK player's PC had to choose between his daughters' love and a chance increase that the mystic/alchemist will brew the elixir to immortality. It'd be the mystic/alchemist 110% of the time. The only time this won't be true is if the CK player was roleplaying a normal person with good morals. Which- if we're going to be completely honest- is a very unpopular way to play CK.
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like LikeReport
Like Reactions:You, SamuelAtomizer, Ghjikl and 1,834 others
Infonticus
Nov 3, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 16: The Romance of Princess Azula
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Nov 23, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,487
Chapter 16: The Romance of Princess Azula
(Several decades after the Great War) [Air Temple Island Library]

"... What the flamio am I reading?" Korra deadpanned, staring at the open book laid out in front of her as if waiting for it to explain itself.

She already didn't like the looks that she was getting whenever she'd hang out in the Air Temple Island's library. It was pretty insulting that people would think it's strange. Yeah, she got why though... The tanned, muscly Water Tribe girl in blue was actually reading a book? Stop the presses! But still... people should give her more credit- she can be smart and cultured too! She's the Avatar after all: the reincarnating force of balance in the world. So, the least the book could do was give her useful info... not whatever this latest section was doing.

"What's got you all scowly this afternoon, O' Miss Avatar?" Jinora peeked her cheerfully smiling face over Korra's shoulder. The younger girl in the orange and yellow airbender robes looked even smaller as she laid down her towering stack of books on the table.

"Jinora, why is your book turning into a romance novel part way through?"

The airbender girl didn't even need a second to process before recognition lit up her face with a bright smile, "Oh! You've already gotten to the part about Princess Azula? You're reading quicker than I thought!"

"Well, I do- Wait... Was that some dig about my reading skills?"

"... of course not!" Jinora flashed a brilliant and innocent smile.

Korra just narrowed her eyes at the brunette.

"I'm onto you..." She muttered, but let the comment slide, "Anyway, I was expecting some dry textbook about battles and war crimes, not this boring fairy tale romance about a Fire Nation princess."

She tapped the pages of the book as if they offended her.

"Well, I think it's romantic!" The younger girl said with a dreamy sigh, "The kind-hearted princess Azula, rushing down from her luxurious palace to meet the war hero of the Fire Nation and warn him of the dangerous politics in the Capital City... and about her tyrannical father."

"All princesses are like that." Korra rolled her eyes. "All shy, kind and doe-eyed. I don't read much books and even I know that's cliche! Right down to the evil, tyrannical father."

"Except this princess love story really happened!" Jinora beamed, "Together, they work to weather the storm of politics that ravaged the city during its Great War Commemorations. And during their talks, Khan endears himself to the princess for he was the first to not be captivated by her great beauty of the Crown Princess, but instead, by simply appreciating the company of Azula. And in the princess' gentle heart, it was worth more than anyone else had ever given her."

"Yeah, yeah. He saw her as a person instead of a pretty face and a nice rack."

"But the princess guards her heart too well!" Jinora continued, voice climbing dramatically, "Unwilling to trust- to hope- for true love, no matter how much she yearns for it! And so, for the first time in her life, the shy Princess Azula bravely ventures out of the palace on her own, resolving to find out if Khan truly is 'The One' for her. There in his camp, she finds aid in one of Khan's serious and dour-faced Kyoshi Warriors who - so moved as she was by the princess' plight- agrees to help her sneak into the then Commander Khan's abode. Only for the princess to happen across him without his helmet! And oh my!"

Korra watched bemused as Jinora did an exaggerated, dreamy-eyed swoon.

"... He's handsome like a prince!" the airbender breathed, her small hand reaching up to cup the cheek of a tall, imaginary man, "The Princess froze, unable to turn her eyes away from his handsomeness. And just as they're about to kiss... Princess Azula turns away and flees back to her palace, for her heart was still uncertain. And for several long nights, the princess tosses and turns in her bed, wrestling with the conflict between her duties as Crown Princess and her growing love for the commander!"

"She fell for him just from seeing his face?" Korra couldn't help but quip, "Kinda shallow for a fairy tale princess..."

"Says the girl reading books to impress a guy she found hot~" Jinora teased right back.

"Point taken."

"But then!" Jinora shot her palms up in the air, "Along comes the evil Anya who connives with the Princess' close friend, Ty Lee, and together they deceive her that the commander was married and held no love for her. The princess is fooled and- overcome by emotion- accidentally reveals to her father about her burning love for Khan. The Fire Lord was furious for he had planned to marry her away to another. Such was his rage that it is said that his ornate tea room exploded into flames!"

Pages fluttered and cloth billowed as Jinora sent a light gust of wind rushing through the library: It didn't break anything, but it was still a reminder to Korra about how much damage a powerful bender could do even with just a single element.

"With a harsh bellow, Fire Lord Ozai commanded his Royal Guard to take the Princess away." Jinora continued, "Clapped in chains, Princess Azula called out for help to the one person she knew would not let her down: "Khaaaaaan!" Her desperate cry of love echoed throughout all of Hari Bulkan! And Khan hears her! His great armoured figure heroically marched through the capital to save the Princess. It is said that not even the stern Royal Guard moved to block his path, for they knew that his love for the princess was too strong for them to stop! He arrives at the palace and-"

"Wait, don't spoil it!" Korra cried out a bit too loudly.

Jinora paused her impromptu rendition to level a smirk at Korra, "Oh? I thought this part bored you? Did I get you all excited about what happens next?"

"I never said it was boring!" Korra looked away, embarrassed, "I was just wondering why there's a romance story in the middle of my kickass nonfiction about an evil little girl!"

"Well, it did change the course of the Fire Nation. So it was very relevant politically." Jinora shrugged, pulling up a chair beside Korra, "But you should definitely listen to the weekend radio drama about it! The voice actors do the play more justice than I ever could..."

Korra snorted, "And miss the weekly Pro-bending sportscast? You wish!"

"Well, how about we read a bit of it together now?" Jinora suggested, "It's unacceptable for you to not know the greatest love story of all time! Also, it helps when you read along to a voice."

"Knock yourself out, your rendition was pretty good so far."

"Thank you!" Jinora beamed, "Where did you stop?"

Korra pointed to the line, and Jinora smiled.

"Commander Khan confronted the furious Fire Lord Ozai in the Royal Palace...."​

(Present Day) [Underneath the Royal Palace]

The soft wooden click of a calligraphy brush being set down echoed in the cell's dimly lit space.

"It is done." Fire Lord Ozai spoke with solemn finality as he sat back in his chair, an official document lay on the table between us- its edict, becoming more and more irreversible in its decision every moment as the ink dried.

It had been a chaotic whirlwind of events: The Crown Princess, swept in a violent fit of rage as she howled her promise of violent vengeance against me for all of Hari Bulkan to hear. My murder-machine 'wife', apparently having raided the Royal Archive right before I cluelessly recruited her. And the Royal Guard, politely asking me to return to the Fire Lord because he apparently had something very important to say to me. Suffice to say, I had thought up a lot of reasons as to why I'd be escorted down to the dungeons underneath the Royal Palace...

"Commander Khan, I hereby entrust you with the title of Chief Coordinator of the Great War Commemorations."

... being promoted hadn't been one of them.

"Thank you for this great honour, my Fire Lord." My deep voice solemnly replied; and as was local custom with valuable gifts, I bowed my helmetless head and extended both my hands out to him to allow him to place his gift- the scroll- in my armoured palms at his leisure. "With this authority, I'll ensure that the enlistment rate will be- at the very least- doubled this enlistment season. I have a feeling that we'll need the extra manpower."

"A worthy goal." Ozai remarked, his golden eyes twinkling to- what was no doubt- the thought of having more troops marching across the Earth Kingdom heartlands in their imminent offensive for Ba Sing Se. More territory, more plunder, more glory. I was completely in support of the idea too, except I was ultimately more interested in ensuring that the 41st Division and I don't die out there in the North Pole in the hands of some waterbenders.

"Our opposing element's greatest and final fortress will be a challenge to take." I pointed out. "The Great War Commemorations will be a good opportunity to raise our enlistment rate."

"Indeed." He stroked his jet black, dagger-like beard, "It is to my understanding that the previous holder of that position has already laid down the groundwork for you."

I coughed, "About my predecessor, my Fire Lord..."

"My decision is final there as well, commander." Ozai reminded me, his firm voice resounding off the stone walls of the cell. "My daughter needs to understand that there are consequences to throwing tantrums. Perhaps the responsibilities of managing the commemorations were too large for one person. But more to the point, in her current emotional state, she no longer has the right... temperament to manage the commemorations."

He sipped his Red Bull as he looked to the side.

"My daughter is 'grounded' for the foreseeable future." He said with a cruel smile. "And although I'm certain she'll calm down by the time of your wedding, I encourage you to make frequent... conjugal visits to your betrothed. Perhaps a child or two in her belly will make her behave."

My armoured, seven-foot-tall frame shifted uneasily on the wooden chair. I didn't expect a betrothal to the crown princess either. But nevertheless, here the head of my nation was: not only giving me permission to breed the beautiful Crown Princess as many times as I wished but actively pushing me to do so. It was a fantasy that every isekai protagonist would dream of, except this had one minor caveat...

"Mmf!"

I followed where the Fire Lord was looking- swivelling my head to the side. And there, past the reinforced bars of this dim cell, I saw my betrothed- tightly bound in a stark white straitjacket. Her wide, molten-gold eyes radiated pure hatred and her dishevelled black hair ran wild as she tried to howl aggressively at me through the custom-forged, metallic gag as if she was some wild animal.

"Mmmfff! MMMFFF!!!"

Yeah... I'm not sticking my dick in that pile of crazy.

I looked back at Fire Lord Ozai and bowed.

"As you say, my Fire Lord. I am but your loyal sword." I said, or pretended to at least. After all, one does not turn down the 'honour' of marrying the Crown Princess, not without consequences. Besides, by the time that I would be compelled to follow through with actually marrying 'Princess crazy eyes' over there, I imagine that I'll be in a much higher position of power. And consequently, I'll be in a better position to renegotiate the terms of this betrothal. At the moment however, this betrothal to Princess Azula gave me nothing but perks.

Ozai smiled at my declaration.

Right to Rule check succeeded!
35/30 Right to Rule ​

"Normally..." Fire Lord Ozai began in a musing tone, "A commoner entering a betrothal with the Royal family would cause an uproar. But fortunately for us all, you have already made quite a name for yourself, Commander. Written in the blood of my Earthbending enemies, no less! I can send missives of your betrothal to the noble clans with only a little grumbling from their part. Thank the ancestors."

For being a worthy addition to his bloodline and saving him the diplomatic headache...
{Fire Lord Ozai} Reputation : 60 -> 80

+ R +​

{Right to Rule}

50 Points - A Minor Player
"You have the power, the influence and the inferiority-complex-fueled ambition of a B-List celebrity.''​

Influence and legitimacy go hand in hand: Enough of one translates to the other. But regardless of which you have collected, you have now reached a position of influence and legitimacy where people are forced to take you seriously. Commoners feel that you are owed some degree of respect and obedience, and ancient rules of noble etiquette dictate that the nobility must regard you with some measure of respect. In their eyes, you are a respectable target for both alliances and rivalries with all the benefits and complications that entails.

As an unimportant side note, this is where the vast majority of social climbers meet their often grisly ends, used up or outright removed by bigger players. Because after all you are still a newcomer to the Grand Game- a medium sized and juicy looking fish in a large ocean.

Prepare for teeth.

Active {Right to Rule} Bonuses / Maluses:​

+15 : Betrothed to Royalty
+10: Your {Reputation} and {Infamy} across all Four Nations
+5 : (Suki) Rumours of your princely countenance
+10: Bumi's acknowledgment of his formal surrender of Omashu to you
+5 : (Suki) Recognition as a competent leader by the Kyoshi Warriors
+10: (Suki) Confirmed Rumours of your princely countenance
+5 : De Facto rule over the South-Western region of the Earth Kingdom

-10 : Not of any known noble bloodline

+ R +​

"I will do my best to make sure it doesn't get in the way of my existing duties, My Fire Lord."

"No, it will not. I'll make certain of it. However..." He trailed off for a moment, golden eyes considering me, "It would be unsightly for someone betrothed to the Royal Family to stay at a beach camp."

"Should I relocate into Harbour City, sir?" I asked without hesitation. Because although we needed the beach to train for snow, moving into the city proper was just a minor thing now that I- and by extension the 41st Division- had extensive funding. Besides, we can always just do jogs to the beach after all.

"No, Harbour City will not be enough..." Ozai denied, his hand idly stroking his black dagger-shaped beard again in thought.

Right to Rule check failed!
50/75 Right to Rule ​

A failed check. My heart skipped a beat and I held my breath at what consequences that would hold. But I didn't have to wait long though, as Ozai finally arrived at a decision.

"It would be too soon for you to take residence here at the {Royal Palace}." He informed me, "But you may have the {Lotus Estate} as your residence in the meantime."

I breathed a small sigh of relief at how it was just a minor thing. I was still careful around Ozai, despite how high my Reputation was with him. With Azula mostly dealt with, he was the only one I needed to really be friends with. Still, the Lotus Estate... I tried to remember where I've heard of that place before... But then I realised something: No, I didn't hear about it- I've read about it, in the scant few Fire Nation books I've picked up. I leaned forward slightly over the tabletop as I clarified, "The one customarily reserved for foreign dignitaries, sir?"

"Yes, enjoy your new residence, Commander," Ozai replied before his lips curled in a cruel smile, "After all, I sincerely doubt I will be entertaining dignitaries from the Water Tribes or the Earth Kingdom any time soon."

I nodded, "Should my Fire Lord decide to extend hospitality to them, I'm sure my scouts' ostrich-horses will gladly receive them for dinner."

There was a pause between us. Fire Lord and Commander just meeting each other's eyes.... right before we both burst out peals of laughter echoing off the solid stone of the cell's walls.

For having an agreeable disposition for a future son-in-law
{Fire Lord Ozai} Reputation : 80 -> 88

+ R +
​
"You will go far with that loyal and can-do attitude, Commander." Ozai nodded in approval.

The golden headpiece around his topknot glinted against the torchlight- reminding me that I now had the approval of the Royal Family. I was grateful for it. After all, it was reassuring- knowing that one had friends in high places. Very high places. Even if it was with a monarchic tyrant at the head of a military dictatorship. Saying that, I decided to push my luck.

"Since I am betrothed to the Crown Princess..." My deep voice began, "Does this mean that I'll have access to the Royal Archives? For my alchemy research, that is."

Reputation check succeeded!
88/75 Reputation Required with {Fire Lord Ozai}​

Golden eyes gleamed with anticipation as Ozai smiled graciously, "Of course, Commander. Whatever you need for your research into the elixir."

"Your generosity knows no bounds, my Fire Lord." My gratitude was sincere at least. Asking for access to the Royal Archives was no small favour after all. This was the largest collection of Fire Nation books and scrolls in the Four Nations. A great fortress-library with towering bookshelves stocked with ancient tomes detailing forgotten parts of Fire Nation history, memoirs of forgotten heroes and classified military documents by the tens of thousands.... All hoarded away for the exclusive use of the members of the Fire Lord's court, higher ranking military officials, elder Fire Sages and the Royal Family themselves. But now, I have free access to it!

"Nonsense, you are almost family now." Fire Lord Ozai chuckled before leaning forward in interest, "How goes your research, Commander?"

I hesitated. Red Bull was never supposed to be an Elixir of Immortality- that was just a rumour that had gone out of control. But I knew for a fact that by virtue of my BS Gamer power, brewing an actual Elixir of Immortality wasn't off the table in the far future. The keyword being "the far future." So, really, I had little to show in terms of 'progress' to my patron.

Wait... No, I had just one: I still had that rare item from completing the quest [Avatar's Creed IV: The Black Flag].

(Rare) Eightfold Clover

A rare variant of the common five-leaf clover which sprouts in the Spirit World. ​

In shrouded meadows hidden throughout the Spirit Wilds, powerful spirits often sought solitude- sometimes to lick their wounds and othertimes to ponder strange wisdoms under the light of stranger stars. The meadow plants quietly delighted over guests of such high stature and rightfully showered them in hospitality. Fruit and leaf and root became gifts to these Honoured Ones. And with regal gratitude, power and wisdom were gifted back in turn.

The Eightfold Clovers with its eight red leaves sprout in such places- having gorged itself in the enriched soil. Lesser spirits have learned to be wary of eating the eight-leafed plant as those with insufficient spiritual strength who nibble on its leaves often find themselves drowning in the very rush of power it grants.

Known Effects:
800% Effect (And minimum requirements) Multiplier
???

+ R +​

"I have recently found an ingredient that would increase the efficacy of the elixir eightfold." I revealed, "Just another piece to the puzzle that is Immortality."

Wooden chair suddenly scraped across stone floor, and an excited Ozai leaned to shout at me.

"But you have a piece nonetheless!" His voice filled the cell. A mad, excited grin stretched across his face. Then he caught himself- coughing and settling back in his seat with a subdued smile, "You're a model military officer, an able statesman, a great warrior and an herbalist without peer, Commander. Through merit alone, I'd say you are worthy of marrying into the Royal Family."

A dull metallic clang echoed out, and we both turned to see Azula having hurled herself against the bars of her cell. Her eyes were wide as she looked at her father and desperate, muffled pleading seeped through her gag.

"Mmmfff! Mmmfff! MMMFFF!!!"​

Ozai just spared an annoyed glance to his gagged and bound daughter before nodding to me, "Well, I have matters of court to attend to, not in the least a tea room with a gaping hole to renovate... I will be looking forward to seeing your personal touch in the Great War Commemorations, Commander."

"For Fire Nation and Fire Lord." I saluted.

With a soft creak of wood, his regal frame garbed in his luxurious red and gold robes stood up from his chair and ever so casually walked over to the threshold of the cell's exit. His daughter called out to him.

"MMMFFF!!! MMMFFF!!!"​

He paused. Then glanced back at the two of us with a pitiless smile on his lips.

"Do keep in mind what I said about conjugal visits, Commander..." He remarked with cruel mirth, "A grandson would be welcome, several would be ideal. Just take care not to make any unsightly marks that will be visible during the wedding day. Well... I will leave you two to it."

With that parting 'advice', he shut the heavy steel slab of a door behind him with a resounding metallic boom, leaving me alone with his helpless daughter.

It took a certain kind of psychopath to see one's own flesh and blood as nothing more than tools or bartering chips. But this was Fire Lord Ozai- canonically, he had been ready to kill his only son to curry favour from his father until he decided that he preferred to kill his father for the throne instead. So, selling his own daughter out to secure the loyalty of prized personnel was not unexpected for him. Especially since I was the one who had been dangling the possibility of immortality in front of me.

For making her father stop caring about her and for ruining her life...
{Azula} Reputation : -100 -> -100 (Locked)
{Azula} Obedience: 0 -> 2

+ R +​

My green eyes subtly glanced over my armoured shoulder to Azula- fallen to her knees as she stared at the ground. And I was forced to confront something that I hadn't really thought about until now: That this entire thing with Azula going crazy earlier than scheduled was my fault. Sure, she was my enemy, but... what did I feel now that I had shattered a girl's entire world right before her eyes? When I was the reason why she had lost her home, her father, her friend and her sanity? When I was the one who drove her father to practically prostitute herself to me in exchange for a six-pack of my super special Red Bull homebrew?

I utterly destroyed this girl's life over nothing and I felt...

... Absolutely nothing!

I slid on my skull-faced helmet as I excitedly strode for the door. Sucks to suck, Azula; but those dusty tomes of ancient and forbidden knowledge over at the Royal Archives weren't going to read themselves! I could already smell the calming fragrance of musty old paper and finely-aged ink!

New Quest:
BRATTY PRINCESS NEEDS CORRECTION!

Main Objective: Raise Azula's Obedience before leaving for the North Pole (2/25 Obedience)
Secondary Objective: Reach 50 Obedience with Azula

Rewards:
Large bonus exp
Perk Point x2

Secondary Rewards:
Large bonus exp
Perk Point x2
Rare Item x2

+ R +​

My armoured hand froze around on the handle of the door. Indecision was the only thing stopping me from walking away and letting Azula rot in this cell until the end of the Great War when I can deal with her permanently.

The question remained: 'Do I really need to waste my time with her over three perk points?'

I gritted my teeth, because I knew damn well that there was one real answer. The Siege on the Northern Water Tribe demanded my full commitment. It was the place where me, my Division and my Companions were going to be tested to our limits.

And if we fail, we die.

I held back a sigh as I considered my approach for this. There were many ways to raise a girl to 50 Obedience, but very few that I could pull off in the limited amount of time. Fewer still would work on a rabid dog like Azula. The Quest was really forcing me into a corner here. Time for the Suki method.

"Before I forget... we have something to discuss, Azula." My deep voice rumbled through the stale air of the cell. And I turned around to face my now defeated political rival—the thick metal bars all that's separating us.

The orange torchlight barely illuminated her, the white of her straightjacket hunched over in the shadows made her look like a wild animal. As I stepped up to the bars, golden eyes watched my every move- shining with pure hatred as she furiously but impotently glared at me. Even as I slid the solid metal key into the lock and swung the door open, she didn't move a muscle. as I reached for her- my armoured fingers undoing her gag's chains. And the moment that it slid out of her mouth...

"DIEEEEE!" Azula roared- the entire cell lighting up in blue as the great cone of blue fire that exploded from her mouth.

Entirely expected of course. I batted it aside as easily as one would bat at a fly.

"I'LL KILL YOU!" She howled, "I'll burn you alive! Then I'll spread your ashes across a dungheap for this! You're dead, Khan! DEAD!"

It was at this point that a good person would have just quietly taken it all and allowed her to express her anger. Let her scream and rage until she exhausted herself, and she was forced to consider who she was without all those negative emotions fuelling her. That would be the time to sit down with her and talk with her- calming her in a way that only compromises and tactful honesty could. There'd be hurt, there'd be pain, and maybe some tears. But after all has been said and done, perhaps she would reconsider a better way to live life- a kinder way. It was how someone more compassionate and genuinely empathetic would have done things.

Someone like Aang could have redeemed her like this.

Only... I'm not Aang, I'm Khan.

So, I gently extended my hand to the side and gently tapped my backhand across her cheek- sending her sprawling to the ground. Gently, of course. But all the same, it shut her up from screaming about killing me and desecrating my corpse.

Azula recovered quickly- sitting up as she spoke with a mocking grin, "What a big man you are. Does it make you feel powerful? Laying your hands on a restrained girl like this?!"

I just laughed. Booming voice filling the cell before I responded with my own mocking smile.

"The 'pity me, for I am a helpless little princess and you're the bigger man' card, Azula? You really are not thinking properly if you thought that I'm the type of insecure, conscientious do-gooder who'd fall for that emotional manipulation." I pointed out, right before picking her up by the nape of her straightjacket and dragged her out of the cell, her slender frame bucking and struggling under my grip all the while.

"Let go of me, you overgrown peasant! I'll make you watch as I burn everyone you love one-by-one for this!"

Eventually, I managed to wrangle her to the table that Ozai and I had just vacated- bending her over it. She turned her head, her mop of messed up black hair almost obscuring the golden eyes that glared at me. I rummaged around in my [Inventory], pulled out a little brown glass bottle and placed it on the table where she could see it.

Azula sneered at the bottle, then at me, "Another one of your elixirs, charlatan?"

"Oh, that's not for drinking." I said undid one of my gauntlets.... And yanked her fine red trousers down to her mid thigh.

Cool cell air now gliding across her barely covered ass cheeks, The princess's golden eyes widened momentarily as her blush exploded over her cheeks, but she just gritted her teeth and bore it, "You're going to pay dearly for this humiliation..."

Silk panties- hot red in colour- clung tight to her delicious, royal ass. Her privileged upbringing showed itself in how smooth and flawless her skin was. Creamy and taut with not a single wrinkle on those soft globes. Maybe not as toned as June's was from her cross-country riding, but rounder, softer...and juicier. Just the slightest layer of fat to make that pair of biteable peaches jiggle enticingly. Unsurprising really... noble girls did spend a lot of time lounging around. And all the while, she continued to struggle and squirm in embarrassment- which had the consequence of making it look like she was wiggling and shaking her ass in my direction.

"I'm just doing what your father has been unable to get right: Disciplining you." I told her simply as I uncorked the bottle and poured some onto my hand.

"Do your worst then." She grunted- turning her head away, "Whatever pain you inflict will never match up to the punishment that father doles out. But I'll still pay you back tenfold!"

"Pain?" I echoed with a bemused tone. "No, this is something that I'm sure you're unprepared for."

My bare hand brushed across the sinfully smooth curve of her ass, coating it with the thick liquid and making the globes glisten.

"My very own massaging oil. It's just a fan favourite among the Kyoshi Warriors. Good for making skin very sensitive." I explained, my fingers sinking slightly into the pliable flesh of her ass then down to drag across her thighs as well. I couldn't see her expression, only her mop of messed up black hair. But the way the princess' entire body tensed up at my touch was a dead giveaway. Especially when I teasingly dipped my fingers down between the soft flesh of thighs, then back to the softer flesh of her ass. If her juicy rear end was gropable before, then the oil was at least twice more gropable now.

She shivered again, the muscle underneath tensing as kneaded my way up and down her soft thighs that she tried to squeeze together.

~ Arousal: Intensely feminine. Fragrant and spicy. Obscured by Fire nation cotton.

"Were you looking forward to this, Princess? You're soaked." I laughed. With her red panties soaked through, the fabric practically clung to everything- from her puffy labia to delicate inner lips to that throbbing little button atop her slit- leaving little to the imagination.

It was quite a sight too: A beautiful captive princess. Breathless, blushing from lust and bent over on the table. Restrained and helpless as her exposed lower half was presented to me as if being a tool of sexual relief was her only purpose at the moment; and since, I was encouraged to... make use of her as often as I desired, that wasn't far from the truth. Her hot arousal dripping down her quivering pale thighs, and her juicy holes just one flimsy piece of cloth away.

"You..." Azula panted breathlessly. "...You won't get away with this."

*smack*

Her ass jiggled from the slap. And the tiny squeak that I drew from her made her glare, face still was blushing madly in embarrassment and indignation. "Y-YOU!"

So, I gave her another slap.

*smack*

"Nn-!" Azula barely held back the moan.

"How is it?" I laughed, kneading and squeezing Azula's reddening ass cheeks, "Suki and the others have nothing but good reviews for it. It's good on the skin, but when applied to more sensitive areas..."

She took in a sharp intake of air as she felt my syrup-covered finger slip under her panties and found her stiff love button- flicking it gently and coating it in oil. It practically throbbed at the contact, and the rest of Azula's lithe body shivered right after.

"Ahn~!" She couldn't stifle the lyrical moan that echoed off the cell walls.

"Yes." I nodded knowingly, "Suki had a fun night the first time we figured that out."

"Ahhhn~!" She knocked her forehead against the wood in a futile attempt to stifle the sensations. And when that didn't work, she clenched her thighs tight together, but that only made it worse as her ultra-sensitive little clit was assaulted with the sensation of her panties' fabric brushing against them. She gasped for air before shooting a half-hearted glare at me, "If you're going to do it, then do it!"

Another smack to her bottom, earning another stifled moan.

"That's not the point of this." I told her, tracing her slit through her panties- adding more oil to the burning hot furnace it hid. Her feminine lips joining in at the same throbbing, hypersensitive fun as her clit. "You have to ask nicely, Azula. After all, I could walk away right now and leave you like this for a few days. Good luck finding a way to climax while in that straightjacket of yours. Or... you can just say 'please' and I'll take your virginity."

"K-kill you....Ah~!" She gritted her teeth. But that turned into a yelp halfway through as I yanked her red panties up- digging the fabric into her incredibly sensitive royal pussy and catching her throbbing clit in the folds. "D-dooon't~!"

"Alright." I said as I let up. Stepped back and left the Princess of the Fire Nation lying on the table. Her pert round ass in the air- pinkish from where I had been slapping her juicy cheeks, her trousers around her ankles and her red panties digging into her hypersensitive pussy, stewing in both her juices and the massaging oil.

"The massaging oil's effects only strengthen the more you let it sit." I offhandedly told the girl in the straightjacket.

"You!" She growled in sexual frustration- pressing her forehead against the table.

I was content to sit back actually and watch this sexy, half-naked virgin princess struggle and squirm with the blazing need to have her holes filled. Her eyes screwed shut and teeth clenched as she tried to bear with it. Her wet, needy pussy was visibly quivered underneath the soaked fabric- desperately gasping for me to fill it up. And the need only grew worse with every moment that passed.

"This humiliation of mine will be avenged soon enough, Khan!" She grunted.

"Whenever you're ready to start, just say please." I offered right back, casually sitting back and flipping through a book while Azula wiggled her red panty-clad rear end. Puffy pussy lips flanking the thin line of bunched up panties that ran along her slit and disappeared between her juicy ass cheeks before appearing around her narrow waist.

It was a nice sight to have in the background as I read The Flame in the Mind: Oscillations and Harmonies. Azula's tiny moans and near-silent whimpers acting as an equally nice white noise. Pain- I knew that she can handle; but the number of times her Reputation had swung because she masturbated over the past few days told me that she was unused- even vulnerable- to matters of the bedroom and was now discovering that pleasure was something she couldn't endure. On a dare, none of the Kyoshi Warriors could last more than an hour enduring its effects, how long would an inexperienced virgin like Azula could last?

Not long apparently.

Barely fifteen minutes passed before Azula turned her head away from me as her very soft and reluctant whisper floated through the cell's cool air.

"... please."

Underneath my helmet, I smiled. "It'll be my pleasure."

For making her say 'please'
{Azula} Reputation : -100 -> -100 (Locked)
{Azula} Obedience: 2 -> 5

+ R +​

We had a long way to go to 25 Obedience, but the start always started slow.

Stepping forward, I almost laughed at the dichotomy when her flawlessly round ass seemed to perk up. Here the most formidable villain in ATLA was. The same one who was so fearsome that she not only terrorised the Avatar and his friends, but also the former villain, Zuko. The same one who was planning on using and discarding me from her political aspirations... was now bent over a table and desperate for me to pull aside her panties and fuck her aching pussy until she was milking my cock in a mindblowing climax.

A virgin was still a virgin, regardless of station.

"Now..." I said, running my hands along the impeccably smooth surface of her ass' skin, "Say it again."

Obedience check succeeded!
5/5 Obedience Required with {Azula}​

"... please." Azula angrily forced out through gritted teeth.

"Good girl." my deep voice approved with a rumble, and Azula gasped as I poured more that thick massaging oil on her. The glistening liquid starting from the crack of her ass, down between her cheeks, over her sensitive anus, over her pussy before dripping off her hypersensitive clit. I moved aside her panties- so sensitive was she that just the cool cell air meeting her exposed, glistening pink inner lips and pink pucker was enough to almost set her off. "Don't worry, you're in good hands. If you trust the reviews that Suki and her sisters have been gossipping about, then I'm an expert in making girls enjoy losing their virginities."

"Spirits-damned Suki..." Azula hissed, and I nodded empathetically.

"Spirits-damned Suki..." I undid my codpiece and Azula let out a small, almost vulnerable moan as I teased the tip of my cock up and down her leaking pink slit. I couldn't help but admire the silky soft feel of her feminine netherlips as I prodded at her virgin femininity. A shiver of relief and pleasure ran through her slender body as I did... then it tensed in frightened confusion when I changed my aim to her delicate pink pucker.

"W-wait." Her voice panicked, sounding almost scared in fact even as she tried to inject anger into it, "That's the wrong orifice, you dolt!"

"Yes, but I never said which virginity, did I?" I taunted- testing the waters by prodding her untouched rear hole with my cock.

Azula hurriedly turned her head- her pale face trying to look over her shoulder to lock eyes with me, likely to try and plead for me to change my mind... which was exactly the moment that I was waiting for.

After all, I wanted to see the look on her face as I took her anal virginity. With a single powerful thrust, I sank my cock all the way in her rear entrance. Past the tight clenching ring of muscle and past her slimy hot insides until- with a loud slap of her juicy ass against my hips- I had fully sheathed myself in Azula's virgin royal asshole.

"Nnggh~!" She barely stifled a moan, even as her body shivered with a wave of sudden pleasure.

"You like that, don't you?" I chuckled out the rhetorical question, drinking in the sensation of the crown princess' amazing rear hole. The sudden intrusion had her hot insides gripping my shaft like a tight, wet fist. And it only grew more pleasurable as I began slowly sawing in and out of her stretched out pink pucker.

"No, don't move!" She shrieked, "Don't you dare m- Ohh~!"

But as I did just that- thrusting in and out of her hot, virgin rear hole- one thing was immediately evident to me...

This girl was made for anal sex.

Her narrow waist were good hand holds for when I wanted to go faster and rougher on her. The creamy smooth skin of her flawless ass cheeks provided a good spankable distraction- the acoustics of the dim cell amplifying every juicy smack of my palm on them. Her round ass served as the cushion for my hips whenever I sank my shaft to the hilt. Her insides were hot, slimy and tight. And every little movement had that extremely tight ring of muscle massaging my shaft like a wet pair of fingers wrapped around it. It was also very sensitive.

"You're enjoying this." I pointed out the obvious.

Azula didn't respond to the accusation, not in the words at least. The tiny squeaks of pleasure that slip past her facade as I slam my cock deep in her asshole. The veiled sighs of contentment as her pink pucker trembled around the base of my shaft. And the shuddering gasp as I pulled out until just the tip remained to start the cycle all over again.

Yes, she was enjoying it very, very much.

"NNNgghhhhh~!" Azula stifled her climax as best as she could, but the way she was gripping around my shaft told me all what her body really wanted: She wanted me to paint her bowels white with cum.

For making her cum with her ass and want you to cum in her
{Azula} Reputation : -100 -> -100 (Locked)
{Azula} Obedience: 5 -> 6

+ R +​

It really takes the hesitation away from a man. Knowing that I had this proud princess with the tight, sexy body and virgin holes... and I was obligated to fuck her and never pull out. Day after day, night after night, as often as I could until she behaved herself to me. That primal lust to claim this fertile female powered every slam of my hips as I went faster and harder on her.

"I'm going to fill you up, Azula." I growled.

"D-don't!" She pleaded.

"You want me to stop?" I taunted back, slowing down just a little bit.

"No! I mean yes! I mean- O-oohhh~!" She moaned out without restraint as she came again, her asshole once again going crazy around my thick shaft. A virgin being lit up with the unbearable pleasure of her first time, and she couldn't help but love it. The pitter-patter of her pussy juices dripping to the floor could be faintly heard underneath the sounds of her perfectly toned ass being pounded in anticipation for my seed.

With a roar, I came inside her ass. Powerful shots of hot cum painting her bowels white, just as she wanted. So powerful that she felt it too- her moans climbing higher as she subconsciously pushed her soft ass cheeks against my hips and her anus milked me for every last drop.

"K-kill... you..." She panted breathlessly, whimpering as I slowly pulled my throbbing cock out of her. Her pink anus twitched needily from the sudden absence. A soft, wet splatter echoed out as her gaping, freshly-fucked asshole leaked a thick dollop of my cum onto the floor, joining the clear puddle of her pussy juices' climax.

Long minutes passed by as I let her gather her breath while I idly fondled her ass. I could have her like this. Every night if I wanted to. Very tempting.

"Definitely going to kill you..." She swore, still breathless as she lay with her gaping and well-used asshole, "If not by my hands then by the hands of the noble clans!"

I just shook my head.

"You're delusional. The noble clans love me; specifically, they love my ability to bring in plunder." I pointed out. "And that will only get me even more popular once I sack the North Pole. I hear the Blue Jade that they use for their betrothal necklaces are worth a fortune."

"No, you're delusional. And soon-to-be-dead too!" She growled, "I may not have managed to kill any of those traitors you've placed in the ranks of the Royal Guard. But now, the whole of Hari Bulkan knows that you have an unfinished elixir of immortality! And the only thing those noble rats hold above their greed is their fear of death! They'll gladly trade all the plunder in the world for that elixir, even if they have to run you through to get it!"

I stood silent for a moment to ponder what she said... right before stepping forward and pressing the tip of my cock back into her ass.

Her golden eyes flew open as she pleaded, "No wai- aaaahhhnnn~~!"

For making her want you to do it again
{Azula} Reputation : -100 -> -100 (Locked)
{Azula} Obedience: 6 -> 7
+ R +
​
I'd still rather be in the library right now, but as Azula's vulnerable anus once again went crazy on my shaft... I had to admit: turning the crown princess into my anal slut was a good reason to be distracted.

(Several Decades Later) [Air Temple Island]

The sun was already setting when Korra finished the section with Jinora. The sky outside the library window was already painted with lazy oranges and gentle purples as Jinora's soft voice rang out.

The book had long thumped shut in Jinora's hands, but the younger girl apparently knew that part by heart.

"And so... although her own father had imprisoned her, princess Azula took solace in the fact that her betrothed visited her every night to comfort her. For seven days and seven nights, he visited her- soothing the princess' gentle heart with his quiet company and in the knowledge that their love was something that the bars could never contain. And on the seventh night when Khan was to depart for war, Princess Azula finally shared with him a shy, chaste kiss between the bars of her cell, whispering a promise that she'll wait for him."

Korra applauded her softly.

"Thank you, thank you." the younger girl bowed with a smile, "I guess that means you liked the story?"

"Yeah, that is pretty romantic." Korra smiled back. "But I can't believe it took them seven whole days of dating before they even kissed for the first time. If I had a handsome, princely hunk of a boyfriend, no damn way am I waiting seven days to give him a single kiss!"

"That depends where he places it." the airbender girl purred with a sly smile. Then her grey eyes flew open as if she suddenly remembered herself, and she quickly switched back to an innocent expression. "A girl's first kiss has to be special after all! A kiss on the cheek wouldn't definitely not be enough for seven days!"

"... Riiiight~" Korra drawled with a flat stare at the brown-haired airbender. It was always the bookish ones that were the freakiest.

"Besides!" Jinora continued like nothing happened, "The Saga of Anya the Evil only glosses over the actual story that it's almost criminal! What you really want is this script for a play..."

The brunette reached into her back pocket to pull out a thin book.

On the black and red cover with a girl who could only be Crown Princess Azula stood in what looked to be the Fire Nation Royal Palace. The Princess' sharp, beautifully aristocratic features were softened into a tender expression, gold eyes looking wistfully at the sapphire blue flame cradled in her hands. Despite looking to be around the same age as her, Korra could feel that there was gentleness to the princess that she could never match, not even on her best day. Everything about her screamed 'Fairy Tale Princess.' A girl too pure and kind for this crummy world.

The title 'The Romance of Princess Azula' was emblazoned in gold at the top.

"Spirits..." Jinora crossed her arms with a sigh, "I still can't believe you haven't seen an Ember Island Players' performance of 'The Romance of Princess Azula' yet. You should really watch the play with me sometime. You haven't experienced theatre until you've bawled your eyes out to a Princess Azula scene."

"Hmmm..." Korra drummed her fingers on the library table. "You think that Sato butler will be impressed if I invite him to watch it with me?"

"Positive." Jinora nodded with absolute certainty, "I've attended three Ember Island Players' performances of 'The Romance of Princess Azula' and every time during that emotional scene when Khan visits Princess Azula for the first time in her cell, I've seen grown men cry. The teary confession..."

+ T +

"I'll kill you! I swear I'll kill you!" Azula cried out as she came with her ass for what felt like the dozenth time.

+ T +​

"... The deep heart to heart conversation..."

+ T +

"To have some brute's fluid leaking out of my butt... !" She cried out," Unforgivable! Absolutely unforgivable!"

A thick cock was thrust to her face. "If you have time to talk, you have time to suck, Princess. Clean me up or I'm going to spank your ass red. And I'd hate to tarnish such a great ass."

+ T +​

"... and Princess Azula's vulnerable pleas for Khan to never leave her as she finally opens up to him..."

+ T +

"Just take my womanhood's purity already and stop defiling my butt, you degenerate brute!" She shouted in frustration, managing to find more fire in her.

"... Just for that, I'm going to keep pounding your anus until morning, Azula."

"No! Not again! I swear by all my ancestors, I'll kill you!"

+ T +​

"How can anyone not find that romantic?!" Jinora emphasized, "Trust me, he'll be blown away!"

"I don't know..." Korra looked her blue eyes away, still very unsure, "... He doesn't seem the type to get emotional. Maybe something more nerdy and bookish and uhm... boring?"

"Can't get more historically accurate than the Ember Island Players!" Jinora reassured her with an eager nod, "Their theatre group were there when all these events occurred, and your butler lover doesn't look old enough to have witnessed them in person to find any discrepancies. Oh, and if nothing else, it'll give you an excuse to hold onto him."

"Well, he does have great biceps..." Korra muttered to herself, remembering how good his arms looked in that Sato-brand suit as she idly flipped through her book. But she stopped when something caught her eyes: A picture of a painting caught her eye, one that depicted the final battle of the North Pole.

"Wait, is this for real?" Korra whispered in awe.

"100%."

Korra put the book down and let out a long whistle, "Yeah... How firebenders managed to crack open the Northern Water Tribe Capital in the middle of a full moon is just nuts. I wish I could do half the crazy stuff the firebender invasion force managed to pull off at the North Pole."

"Which crazy firebending are we talking about?" Jinora arched a slender brown eyebrow, "Khan? The 41st Division? The Fire Nation Grand Fleet? Admiral Zhao the Magnificent?"

"Yes."

Jinora laughed.

"You're the Avatar, Korra." the younger girl reassured her with a gentle smile, "You'll definitely grow into that kind of power."

"Got to learn how to airbend first!" Korra flexed her arm, highlighting how her blue armband wrapped around the brown skin of her bicep. "Then one day soon, I'm going to be as legendary as Khan, as badass as Admiral Zhao, and as fairy tale princess gentle as Azula!"

Jinora winced with a sheepish smile, "Okay, let's be realistic: Maybe not the last one, but I think you got a fair chance at being the first two!"

"2 out of 3? I'll take it!" Korra guffawed, "Well, at least you definitely have a shot at being an Azula, Jinora."

"Aww, that's so sweet of you to say. Thanks!" Jinora grinned back.

"History is insane." Korra commented- lifting the book up and appraising it under the light, "Makes you wonder what it was like to be there, actually living it."

"Oh, I'd give everything to be there at the famous scene." Jinora breathed, her grey eyes watching a scene that was happening far, far away. "The Princess and the War Hero... A true fairy tale love story... the sights, the sounds... Oh, I wish I could have been there when it happened."

Korra didn't know enough, but she knew that her friend liked her hopeless romantic friend. So, the only right thing to say was... "I bet it was beautiful."

"Yeah. I bet it was...." Jinora absentmindedly agreed as she looked out the window and to the sunset, a small smile on her lips.

+ T +

*plap* *plap* *plap* *plap* *plap* *plap* *plap*
*plap* *plap* *plap* *plap* *plap* *plap* *plap*

+ T +​

"... I bet it was just the most beautifully romantic and heartfelt moment anyone's ever seen." Jinora finished with a longing sigh.

- The Romance of Princess Azula End -​

AN:

Okay, enough. Time to advance the plot.... I'm feeling impatient with my own fic again. Back to slightly shorter chapters, faster tempo. Let's do this. Time to pick up some plot threads.

I was going to have the Ty sisters and the Ty Milf appear... and it was going to be sexy and funny. But this is seriously not working for me. I'll save Ty Lee's arc for Book II: Earth just like in canon.

Writing blind here... I don't understand anal, but I tried to make it sound sexy all the same. You can notice that I even forgot that 'Anus' was a word and was reaching for poetic replacements until like halfway through. Lel.

I have no idea what possessed me to... make a seven-day-long dubcon anal training into a joke, but here we are. ...Why does everything I write turn into shitpost?
Last edited: Nov 23, 2023
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like LikeReport
Like Reactions:You, Ghjikl, besrkx3 and 1,795 others
Infonticus
Nov 23, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 17: A Most Interesting Mortal
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Jan 13, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,702
Chapter 17: A Most Interesting Mortal

Ruffian. Deceiver. Vandal.​

The master had an entire tome of curses dedicated for the one who had so horrendously defaced the Collection.

But honestly now~

What else would one expect from humans? How many times have humans entered their sanctuary of knowledge under the guise of scholarly pursuits, only for their true intentions to be unearthed? How many times have they heard their master's irate rants echo through the cavernous halls- cursing in long-dead tongues the brutish unsophisticated ways of humans? And most importantly... How many times have humans vandalised the Collection, all in the short-sighted and imbecilic purpose of denying other humans such knowledge?

Only once in recent centuries in truth, but never so much.

Eight thousand books and thirteen thousand scrolls. Each one, irreplaceable. Some holding ancient wisdom in words from languages forgotten by time... inscribed upon parchments made from the hides of long-extinct creatures... and written with inks drawn from ancient woods that had sprouted when the world was still young.

Even the humblest servant mourned the loss. Thousands of years of their meticulous work and care, all gone. Disappearing in precisely the same time it took for a library section to burn down. It was enough to light a wrathful fire in their bellies.

As for the Vandal in question... He was forever marked for that atrocity. The pungent scent of burnt knowledge clung to him, thick like the smoke of burning rubber trees. A scent- so strong and so distinctive- that all of the master's humble Knowledge Seekers could easily track him from the Spirit World and back. Which was all and good, because the master's instruction was- should the Vandal unwisely decide to ever set foot on the Sands again- to tear his wretched vandalising flesh from his bones. With their teeth.

Tongue glided over sharp canines.

Oh, if only he'd but return to the Sands, their welcoming feast would be so exquisite.

But alas~ The Vandal had chosen instead to sail westwards on his floating metal vessel- even farther away from the sands. Past the constellation of the Horned Toad, beyond the twinkling green star of the Spidersnake's tail tip, And now they stopped under the twin red stars: the wrathful eyes of the Dragon constellation. The Vandal had apparently slinked back to his burrow- to the lands they now call the 'Fire Nation.' But it mattered little how far he travelled, the master had commanded that the Vandal never escape their sight again, and this was a duty that would be seen to through the decades until the Vandal himself was but dust in the ground... or tender meat in their bellies. Preferably the latter, but the first was still an agreeable end.

So, the unending watch continued. As the dawn sun painted the eastern sea's horizon, they arrived at the docks. The cavernous thud of metal echoed out as the Vandal's vessel was moored to the stone.

The Vandal seemed to be in a rush- his red armour clacking and his voluminous side burns swaying in the sea breeze as he marched down from his ship. The reason for his excitement was clear: Waiting for him on the docks was another mortal in similar war dress, notably large and also... the very same mortal who had come so close to peering beyond the veil. Yes, the Vandal does keep such interesting company. Interesting, but ultimately not of great enough import to bother the ever busy master with.

But~

Who knows what other interesting things will unfold in the next act of this little play between mortal nations?

From beneath the veil, Vulpine eyes watched keenly as the two mortals met.

[Fire Nation Capital - Harbor City Docks]

The waves crashed relentlessly against the stone docks all around my seven-foot-tall armoured frame as I watched Zhao arrive.

Down the ramp from a Fire Nation destroyer-class ship, the admiral walked- steady and powerful- even as the wind buffeted his grand red cape this way and that. His entourage of four {Firebender Veterans} bodyguards in brass-gilded red armour followed behind him, their bone-white masks covered by shadows as the dawn sun rose behind them.

The admiral sure knew how to make an entrance.

My own entourage was less numerous but was more than a match for the admiral's Firebender Veterans: Right behind me, the Lieutenant standing at attention in her hand-crafted red armour and feather-topped helm. And I knew for a fact that she could wipe the floor with those four Firebender Veterans.

The admiral marched to a halt right in front of me, the difference in our heights and stature not bothering him one bit. His golden eyes locked on my own green ones through my skull helmet's eye slits.

"Khan..." he spoke.

"Zhao..." I nodded back.

There was a brief pause, and then...

Reputation check succeeded!
55/50 Reputation Required with {Admiral Zhao}​

... Our pauldrons clacked together as we clasped hands and tapped shoulders in a hearty embrace.

"It's good to see you, admiral!" My voice rumbled in a laugh.

"Likewise, commander!" Zhao remarked with a grin between his voluminous dark brown mutton chops, "I've heard the news: The last time I saw you, you had just been promoted to Commander. And now, you're the prince-consort-to-be AND Chief Coordinator of the Great War Commemorations? That is quite a meteoric rise in station. Reminds me of my own- very impressive altogether!"

"But it's not yet official." I shook my head with a smile.

"Bah!" Zhao half-snorted and half-laughed, "If the Fire Lord was the one to make the decision, then it is official. Everyone just doesn't realise it yet."

"So, the news of my new position in the Royal Family hasn't reached everyone in the frontlines yet?"

"Of course not, Commander." He smiled thinly, "Only officers of sufficient... political importance has been informed- officers like me. The regular troops need to be focused and vigilant during this delicate stage in our plans."

"Very true." I said as I nodded my helmeted head, "I take it that the ground offensive towards Ba Sing Se is still ongoing then?"

Zhao raised an eyebrow, "Worried about how the frontlines are doing without your division to clear the way, commander?"

"Yes." was my blunt reply.

"Well, I don't blame you." He chuckled, "I'd be worried about our grip on the Earth Kingdom too if we had to leave it to the 2nd Army. I mean no disrespect to honorable General Bujing, but his 'fearlessness' in committing large divisions of our infantry to the meat grinder has been a logistical nightmare for my Merchant Marine."

"Yes, I know of him." My deep voice rumbled in recollection, "The previous incarnation of the 41st Division was under his command- sent to die valiant deaths at the hands of the Earth Kingdom's Terra Teams at Ba Sing Se."

Zhao snorted.

"Valiant? Certainly. Productive in terms of military gains? Less so." He shook his head disapprovingly before aiming a sly smirk at me, "But thanks to the 41st Division's current incarnation, that annoying spidersnake web of Earth Kingdom fortresses guarding the western theatre had already been dealt a serious blow and their garrisons sent running back to their heartlands. And if there's anything we can count on our opponent, it would be that they'll be predictably slow to take advantage of our offensive's momentary change of target: We'll have an appreciable window to finally deal with the Northern Water Tribe, once and for all. But..."

He smiled.

"... we can save this kind of talk for the War Council meeting. Walk with me, Commander." He said as I fell in step with him- our respective entourage following close by, "It's been a fairly long sail home. The men and I have been looking forward to what you have prepared. I have no doubt that it will prove to be better than last year's boring affair with endless parades. We joined the navy to avoid the marching after all."

"Nothing so lazy." I chuckled in turn. "I have gained special dispensation from Fire Lord Ozai himself to make the commemorations slightly more... festive. My companions have seen it fit to replicate our success during the Fire Festival here."

Zhao arched an eyebrow. "You mean your Kyoshi Warrior defectors are once again helping you organise some morale boosting?"

"Yes. Suki and her sisters are helping me organise, with the entirety of the 41st Division doing their part as well."

"Ah, some good news then!" He exclaimed, sounding genuinely relieved. "You have no idea how great of a boon that Fire Festival was for morale back in Pohuai. The energy around the base driving my men to perform their duties with a smile had been bizarre. A welcome sight for any commanding officer to be sure, but still bizarre. If your Kyoshi Warriors can replicate the same effect across the entirety of the invasion force, we'll be invincible from morale alone!"

For actually giving him and his men the kind of long-sought shore leave they wanted...
{Admiral Zhao} Reputation : 55 -> 65​

I had a moment to appreciate the notification before a distracted Lieutenant caught my eye. Her amethyst eyes staring off at the horizon behind me.

"Spirits..." the salty sea breeze carried her low whisper of awe. "Is that... the Armada?"

My armoured footsteps halted with a metallic click as I glanced back to the sea. "What?"

"Oh?" Zhao said with casual interest, "It would seem the winds favoured the fleet. I had expected them to arrive by evening at least."

I silently stared as well, a shiver running down my spine.

Emerging from the horizon where the sea met the sky, ironclad behemoths rose up from the waters like a hundred floating black fortresses. Fire Nation cruisers, manned by thousands of men and slayers of thousands more. The scorched ruins of a dozen Earth Kingdom coastal cities lay in silent witness to the destructive power they commanded. Then came their smaller brethren, the Fire Nation Destroyers, numbering in the hundreds-strong. Like loyal pupils to a grandmaster, they formed a defensive screen that struck down any force too weak and unworthy to warrant the cruisers' notice. But perhaps the most formidable aspect of these ships were their contents: Thousands of veteran ground troops fresh from the frontlines and tempered by the many years of ceaseless war, coming home for a brief respite to regain the strength to strike the blow that would finally end this hundred year war. As the victors.

"The Western Fleet..." My deep voice rumbled- just a touch of awe in my voice.

"Yes, the entirety of the Western Fleet..." Zhao emphasised with a small smile- likely glad to be given an opportunity to brag about his authority, "As well as elements of the Southern Raiders, and as much of the Eastern Fleet that I could redeploy. Ferrying the majority of the 3rd Army. Just over two hundred warships and forty thousand fighting men."

"That's a lot more ships than I had expected." I admitted. In canon, Admiral Zhao brought around a hundred and twenty five warships to the Siege of the North. Now, he was bringing almost twice that many.

"Naturally." Zhao preened under the indirect compliment, "When the Great Admiral Zhao sounds the war horns, the Fire Nation Navy answers."

That gave me pause. Watching Avatar, it had been easy to forget that Zhao- this villain-of-the-week with his cartoonish hot-headedness and exaggerated mutton chop beard was an admiral. Not just any admiral either, but a very high-ranking one all the way up in the Fire Nation High Command. It would seem that it had not been an empty boast when he told Zuko in canon that he had a hundred warships under his command. If anything, he had been humble. The force that he had assembled looked like it had the firepower to utterly lay waste to the entirety of the Earth Kingdom's shorelines. Blotting out the blue sky with an apocalyptic barrage of flaming, high explosive munitions like some world-ending meteor shower.

But now?

His golden eyes glanced over his shoulder once again- at the innumerable black warships emerging from the horizon with no signs of stopping. He smiled cruelly. "Those Northern Water Tribe savages are finally going to see what a proper army of Fire Nation soldiers can do when they're not stretched thin across a wide front."

Now, Admiral Zhao was going to concentrate this massive armada's entire firepower onto one target.

"And the 41st Division will lead the way for you. Speaking of which... " I agreed just as we got off the docks proper and onto the streets of Harbour City. And there on the cobblestone street was a red carpet, flanked by lines of my {41st Division Master Scouts} with their red armour, feather-plumed helmets and the gleaming brass hand guards of their {Jian swords}. And at the end of the carpet was a grand carriage pulled by a pair of ostrich-horses awaiting us.

"The 41st Division formally welcomes you to the Capital City, Admiral Zhao." I saluted.

"For Fire Lord and Fire Nation, Commander Khan." He saluted back with a impressed smile. But just as he climbed into the carriage...

Spirit Check successful! (53/40 Spirit Required)​

... I felt eyes boring into me.

Glancing around the shuffling crowds of Fire Nation citizens, I didn't spot anyone that was particularly suspicious. Eyeing the red roofs of the surrounding buildings didn't reveal anything either.

"Sir?" the Lieutenant asked; but with a slight gesture of my hand, my troops rested their hands on their sword hilts- quietly scanning the area with me.

Spirit Check failed! (53/60 Spirit Required)​

How annoying. I rested my will on the mental trigger of the activatable [Spirit Rush] skill. A momentary 20% increase in my Spirit stat would get me just past the 60 Spirit threshold to actually see who the hell was eyeballing on me. I only needed to choose the moment when I pulled the trigger. That moment was certainly not now however- not with Zhao and a hundred civilians in the crossfire. I had my guesses on who it was, of course, especially since both times, it happened when I was with...

"What's the matter, Khan?" Zhao peeked out for a moment.

"It's nothing, Zhao." I said, subtly gesturing my men to stand down. But just as my heavily-armoured frame climbed into the carriage, the wind shifted direction just as I boarded; and a particular scent caught my nose. Fortunately for me, the companion skill [Fragrant Insight] was able to fill in whatever little information it could.

~???: Notes of Earth, Furs, Silks, Parchments.

Underneath my helm, my eyes narrowed in suspicion. The ostrich-horses shifted restlessly- tugging on the reins as they honked, hungry. They apparently caught the mysterious scent as well. Yes, I could jump to conclusions and say it was an earthbender assassin or some kind of spirit, but the scent was too faint. The presence, either too far or too little to make sense of it. Besides, the admiral wasn't dead yet; so, it wasn't overtly hostile at least. For now however, I glanced over to the Lieutenant.

"You're on the reins. Take us to the manor. Nice and easy."

"Protection detail. Yes sir." She replied before looking over to the rest of the troops, "1st Cavalry Scout Squad, we're moving out!"

Spirit Check failed! (53/60 Spirit Required)​

Now it's just mocking me. I frowned underneath my helmet. The first opportunity I get, I'm going to pull the curtains back and find out who's spying on me.

A terribly amused smile revealed sharp teeth.

Oh, he was an observant one, wasn't he~?

Only those illuminated in spirit can even sense their presence, and those bright souls only arise once every two hundred and forty thousand mortals. Or was it down to once every three hundred thousand now?

Who knows honestly? Mortals were becoming less and less attuned to the spiritual these years. And the master hasn't scheduled the next census quite yet, so it was difficult to predict with high confidence as to how low the mortals have fallen. All in all, a sad state of affairs, less in the sympathetic sense of the word and more in the pitiable- bordering comedic- sense. But, credit where it was due, to even perceive the presence of the spiritual was a notable feat for mortals, enough to warrant a mortal a more... forgiving account in the annals of the history books that they will write.

'Here was a mortal who was less blind and ignorant than most of its ilk.'

The armoured mortal even seemed to sniff the air? Was his nose developed to that degree? Fascinating... Who would have guessed that mortals could develop such a keen sense of smell? The master would be pleased to know of this development! Perhaps in a few thousand more years, the mortals won't be as pitiful anymore. Perhaps.

Doubtful though.

His scent flitted through the air, it was made clear that he was even more interesting than that. The coppery overtone of blood, the tangy metal fragrance of the forge, the familiar aroma of a thousand musty tomes and countless candle wicks, and the... arousal of females lingered on him, like trophies from conquests.

Soldier. Craftsman. Scholar... Paramour?​

An eclectic scent to be sure, but not unheard of. Knowledge often makes even the lowliest humans hunger for more than their lot in life: the lord dreams of a legacy worthy of the pages, the farmer ponders the necessity of the lord who rules over him, and the thieving, vandalising soldier... imagines a victory where there is none to be had. So, one has to wonder which tomes sparked what dream in this curiously perceptive mortal, and what was his relation to the Vandal?

Perhaps an investigation was in order~

The carriage trundled along the streets of this latest mortal civilisation to rise on the Fire Islands and reached a quaint little hovel amongst other quaint little hovels.

[Lotus Estate]

Oaken double doors swung open to reveal the opulence of my new sprawling manor.

"Welcome to my new abode, admiral."

"Lotus Estate... An impressive piece of real estate you've acquired here, Commander." Zhao walked in, golden eyes appraising the finely-decorated interior. "I didn't think Fire Lord Ozai would ever be willing to part with it. It would be an understatement to call it 'valuable.' "

That was true enough. As expected for housing international guests, Lotus Estate was built to accommodate diplomatic teams in lavish comfort. Palatial bedrooms with balconies overlooked meticulously manicured gardens, offering the scent of rare blooms and a great view of the Royal Palace's grandeur in a not-so-subtle reminder of the Fire Lord's authority. Every room inside was decorated to present to them the wealth and prosperity of the Fire nation. From the twinkling crystal chandeliers to the fine jade statuettes to the hand-carved furniture, luxury oozed out of every immaculately waxed surface. Twenty thousand thousand square metres of the finest property that the Fire Nation had to offer, and it was all mine.

"I personally prefer function over form, but I understand the need to impress foreigners." My voice rumbled as I led the admiral through luxurious carpeted hallways and into the equally luxurious tea room. A table and a tea set were already waiting for us just by the window.

"Yes, but we haven't had a foreign dignitary in ages." Zhao said, dragging a fingertip across a shelf to inspect for dust and found none. Indentured servants from the Earth Kingdom were so efficient.

I sat on the fine silk cushions and lifted up a teapot. "Dew of the Mountain tea, Zhao?"

"Ah, your newest concoction. Certainly!" He smiled- sitting down and extending his cup for me to pour in, "I heard that you secured a deal to supply the rest of the Fire Nation Army with it."

"Indeed, I have." I replied, "The Fire Lord was rather taken by it. And it will only help the performance of our troops."

"I'll be looking forward to the increase in my soldiers' performance." Admiral Zhao said, "Did you have anything in mind for the commemorations?"

"We have a patriotic musical stage play at {Zoryu Hall}." I answered nonchalantly, "Mulan. I... wrote it myself. Fire Lord Ozai and the rest of high command will be in attendance for final viewing and approval before releasing the play to the general public."

"That's... ambitious, commander." Zhao's smile was noticeably tight, "Fire Lord Ozai has been known to be very 'critical' of theatre in the past few years."

"It is a gamble, I know. But I promised him that I'd help raise recruitment rates."

That was apparently the magic words from how quickly it caught the admiral's attention. "More manpower would be very much appreciated, yes..." he considered. "A single Fire Nation soldier should always be worth ten Earth Kingdom ones; but I'd like to fight a ground battle where we aren't outnumbered, dammit!"

My helmeted head nodded sympathetically.

"And so you shall, Zhao. Don't underestimate the power of good propaganda." I told the admiral. I haven't done it often, but [Siren's Voice] and [Pretty Privilege] were pretty overpowered when I used them in public. My test audience reacted positively to my play. And by that, I mean Suki and her sisters practically climbed the stage to demand sex.

"Well, you'll always have my and the rest of Fire Nation High Command's support in raising recruitment rates, Khan. If the power of Fire Nation Theatre will address that, then by all means, do it. But..."

"But?"

For being a very valuable ally, both politically and militarily...
{Admiral Zhao} Reputation : 65 -> 95

+ R +​

"Nothing." Zhao smiled, sipping at the mountain dew in his teacup. "I just thought I'd be discussing commemoration matters with Princess Azula. Yet here you are in her place. How are you handling your relationship with the crown princess wife-to-be, if I may ask?"

"Crown Princess Azula has always been..." I paused to find the right word to politely describe her, "... intense. And my popularity made me seem more threatening to her than I actually was. Suffice to say, we did not get off on the right foot."

"As are all arranged marriages in the beginning." Zhao nodded knowingly, "I take it you've made some headway into charming your way into your betrothed's good graces, Khan?"

"I do think I'm making progress." I replied in an even tone of voice, "Ever since I've proven that I can be just as much of a pain in the rear as she was, the crown princess has been more manageable. Overall, however, the improvement has been slight, but it's only been a few days, so I believe that's good enough progress."

An absolute lie. Azula was still crazy as ever, definitely angrier too. I even had her transferred to the basement below this very estate just so I can focus on her even more. And although the amount of time and effort (and semen) I've poured into her was certainly not worth the minute increase in her obedience score, but perk points were perk points. Nevertheless, that answer seemed to amuse the admiral judging by the amused bark of laughter from him- his voluminous brown side-burns swaying as he laughed.

"Oh, from the few times I had the pleasure of meeting Princess Azula's acquaintance, I'd say that it's already quite the achievement that you've made our willful crown princess so cooperative. I think you'll make an able prince-consort, Khan."

"Thanks for the vote of confidence, Zhao." I smiled back at him, "It's good to know when one's friends have their back."

"You... count me as your friend, commander?" He blinked dumbly, apparently not expecting that.

"I wouldn't have gotten this far without your help, Zhao." I told him honestly enough, "And we're going to be entrusting each other with our lives in the upcoming siege too. But more than that, I've found that you're the kind of person who I can respect."

"And what kind of person would that be, Khan?" he asked in a genuinely curious tone.

"The competent kind. The reliable kind. One of the best kinds of friends in my opinion."

I didn't even have to lie. It may have started as a more quid-pro-quo agreement, but Zhao was actually pleasant to be around. Maybe he would have been more unlikeable and abrasive if I wasn't so politically well-positioned to further his career, however I had already made myself indispensable to the Fire Lord, so we'll never know now if things would have gone differently. The important thing was that Zhao has been nothing but a total bro, and that was something any man can appreciate.

I made sure to let Zhao know that too. "So, of course, once all the formalities have been concluded and I am proclaimed to be the Prince-consort of the Fire Nation... you can count that I'll still remember my good friend: Admiral Zhao the Radiant."

"Oh, you still remember that?" Zhao rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment.

"What? Not grandiose enough, admiral?"

"Of course not!" He laughed, "'Admiral Zhao the Magnificent' sounds more suited for someone of my standing and accomplishments!"

My laughter boomed alongside his. "Well, when all the formalities are over and I take residence at the palace, I'll be sure to write 'Admiral Zhao the Magnificent' on the tea time invitation letter! We will be sipping Red Bull at the Fire Lord's own palace, and I won't take no for an answer!"

"Very well, I'll hold you to that promise, Khan!" Zhao raised his teacup as well with a smile."To a brightly burning friendship! It will be an honour to fight alongside you at the North Pole. And together, we'll put those Northern Water Tribe savages in their place: Underneath our boot heels!"

"To a brightly burning friendship!!" I laughed, raising that dainty porcelain teacup in my armoured hand.

For being a very valuable ally, politically and militarily... as well as his friend
{Admiral Zhao} Reputation : 95 -> 100​

+ R +​

Reputation with {Admiral Zhao} at 100! New Companion Skill unlocked!​

[Unofficial Delegation] - Strategic flexibility often comes from entrusting the right tasks to the right personnel. Unofficial Delegation allows you to temporarily grant the effects of a Companion Skill, Stat Perk or Proficiency Skill to a chosen companion. The more powerful the shared skill is, the shorter the duration and the longer the cooldown period between sharing becomes- reaching days or even weeks. But in those brief few minutes, your companion becomes an extension of your will: A herald, an enforcer, a diplomat, a saboteur, an executioner. Whatever you need them to be. Unofficially, of course.

+ R +​

Yes, there was nothing forming a friendship over the imminent, bloody conquest of an entire nation; and being rewarded with a powerful new ability for it.

Libraries always felt like a little slice of home. The tall shelves lined with a banquet of books and scrolls, the lovely musk of aged paper, and the lingering fragrance of the midnight oil having been burnt... All that was missing were the everpresent earthy notes of sand and the distinctive scents of kin and clan, left like trails of footprints through the cavernous halls.

The large mortal's own personal study was a fair place to start divining his intentions with the Vandal.

With a glance and a flex of will, the wick of an oil lamp ignited- bathing the room in a warm yellow glow. The varied scents of the books and scrolls around this specific library told a story that they had been gathered from all across the mortal realm. And not only were they well-cared for, they had been read too. Not just a looter or a collector, the large mortal was apparently a scholar himself. And the greatest evidence of it sat on the writing desk, wafting an irresistible scent: a newly written book.

The leather cover was so fresh that it creaked most pleasantly when it was swung open. The title 'An Interview with a Shirshu-mounted Bounty Hunter by Commander Khan' proudly emblazoned on the first page.

An avid reader, a book collector, and an author who wasn't afraid of gathering knowledge with his own two eyes?

What a delightful little urn of surprises this mortal is~

Still, this book was quite the find! The way the pages had absorbed the smoky aroma of the oil lamps, the scent of the freshly-dried ink that signified that it had scarcely been a day or two since it had been finished. The knowledge smelled so fragrant in this book that it was oh so tempting to claim it for the Collection and just return home with it! After all, the master's love for acquiring first edition books was surpassed only by the love of acquiring the original manuscript themselves, especially one in such pristine condition. There was no swifter path to winning the master's favour than by presenting such a handsome prize!

But... Duties must.

The book gave a soft, leathery creak as it was closed with a longing hand.

How unequivocally unfair. As desirable as it is to carry a book or two back to the Sands and start restoring the Fire Nation section of the Collection, keeping watch over the Vandal unfortunately took precedence. The restoration was a task best left to kin who have no outstanding duties to fulfill. And there was no ending to this watch, not until the Vandal lies dead or digested. But still, it begged the question. Why was Vandal friends with a scholar such as this?

Suddenly, an alarming set of scents flew into the library.

"As One!"​

Servants of the Avatar Kyoshi came with their painted faces, armoured kimonos and whispered battlecry. Their order has evidently changed from their isolationist ways, just two centuries after their founders' death. Their thin blades gleamed under the lamplight, and vigilant eyes scanned the room. Of course, it was all for naught. They lacked the strength of spirit to even perceive a spirit standing close to the veil. All kin and clan of the master's Knowledge Seekers could be standing in this room and these mortals would see but empty air.

Such amusingly ignorant creatures these mortals were~

"Library, clear." the leader of the mortals announced, and the others sheathed their katanas with groans of disappointment.

"Bo~ring."

"'Check every room.' He said. I guess Khan was just being paranoid."

"I wish there was an assassin, I'm itching for combat."

"Yeah, if we don't get into a serious fight soon, we're going to grow fat and lazy with how soft the beds are here."

"True, but tell me you never dreamed about living like a fancy-schmancy noblewoman!"

"In-house hot springs, nobles sure have it easy. Right, Suki?"​

"The door was locked. So, who left this lamplight on?" This 'Suki' mortal asked, running her gloved finger over the lamp. Her compatriots shrugged.

"Khan, maybe?"

"Him, being careless around his precious books? Yeah right!"

"Well, no one else is as obsessed about books enough to read at night."​

The Kyoshi servant leader stared suspiciously at the lit lamp for a few breaths longer before she pinched out the flame, "Let's signal to Khan that the property is secure."

They filed out of the room, but not before one of them left a comment hanging in the air.

"Aw man, I mean how cool would it have been if it actually was a spirit!"​

... Does the large mortal suspect? Has the Vandal told him of the Master and the Collection? If so, what are they planning?

Perhaps the time has come to rest an ear on their conversation~

"... is my main concern." I listened to Zhao give his disappointing report about the state of our navy, "We did not- and will not- have the time to have the entire armada conduct much needed combat drills. Fire help us all, we'll be relying purely on just the experience that they already possess. And it's been far too long since any of these crews have participated in a proper naval siege of anything larger than some rebellious Earth Kingdom fishing village."

Despite the serious subject matter, our conversation in my tea room had taken a more casual tone once we had moved from Mountain Dew to alcohol. Just two coworkers commiserating about office work as the sweet, alcoholic fragrance of Fire Nation Sake filled the room.

"Times like these, I wish we weren't short on manpower." I told him, clear rice wine murmuring softly as I poured some into his saucer. "We could put troops on rotation like how we're doing now with the commemorations. Put their valuable battlefield experience into lessons that we can use to refine our training, tactics and equipment designs."

"Bah! You're just bending embers, Khan." Zhao scoffed before downing his drink. "You've come eighty years too late for your great ideas, we're about to end this war with the practices we have in place now."

"It's never too late to make a positive change..."

A flicker of reflected light came from the gap under the door- the signal that Suki and the others had cleared the manor and found no intruder. Not anything human at least.

Spirit Check successful! (53/40 Spirit Required)​

Forty if it was in range, sixty if it was close by. That was my guess. I pensively sipped on my rice wine saucer. A gesture that Admiral Zhao noticed, pausing in his complaints.

He arched an eyebrow. "Why? Are you worried about things on your end, Khan? Do you believe your division is still lacking in preparations?"

"Not at all." I said to him, "My 41st Division is concluding our training for our part in the operation. My pl- I mean, your plan to take the Northern Water Tribe capital of Agna Quel'a will be all but assured. With or without coordination between your ships, I have no doubt Fire Nation High Command will applaud your tactical brilliance. With the blinding glare of your glorious armada shining in their eyes, the Northern Water Tribe will never see my 41st Division coming for their throats. At least, not until it's already too late."

"It certainly is audacious..." Zhao said with just the slightest touch of hesitation as he sipped his rice wine, "Cunning too, but definitely audacious."

"Getting cold feet, Zhao?" I tried to laugh it off, but the look of uncertainty lingered on his face.

Reputation check succeeded!
100/90 Reputation Required with {Admiral Zhao}​

Lips pursed tightly between his voluminous sideburns. "No... it's something else." His usually gruff voice said quietly. "There's something that I need to give you."

Zhao reached under his chestplate, pulled out a small parcel wrapped in some twine and brown paper; and rested it on the dark wood between us. He reached out to undo the twine, but his hands stopped just inches from it. Fingers trembling.

The way the admiral fearfully stared at it gave me pause, and the silence bore down on us. But soon, he pulled it open- the brown paper crinkling as it revealed... a journal. Its faded red leather cover, dusted with a sweep of yellow powder- No, not powder- Sand.

My breath hitched, "That's..."

"My map to the fabled Library of Wan Shi Tong." Zhao muttered, as if he couldn't believe it himself. "Less of an actual map and more of a collection of various notes, but everything you need to know about the Si Wong Desert to reach the Spirit Library... It's all here."

Bleached under the heat of the desert sun, the red leather cover had lost most of its colour and sand was permanently embedded all across its surface. Not just a single type of sand either, but many: From pale chalky powder to fine yellow grains to tiny reddish pellets the size of an ant's head. It was a testament to how well-travelled that journal was, and to how long Zhao's scout unit had wandered that desert. Lost and dying of thirst.

"You had it on you this entire time." I observed, not surprised in the slightest that the admiral lied about hiding it in his own estate. I didn't hold it against him.

"On my flagship, actually." He said. And all the while, his hand rested on the journal- as if it was a clump of sand that he refused to let slip through his fingers. "I wouldn't leave such a thing unattended just for some Fire clan-sponsored thief to pillage from my mansion. No, if interested parties wanted to take this information from me, then they were going to defeat the largest battleship of the Fire Nation Navy and take it from its twisted wreckage at the bottom of the ocean."

"And you're giving this to me now?" I asked.

Zhao didn't respond, not for a few seconds as he stared at it. Then the journal made a soft hush as he slid it across the polished wood to me.

"You've done me a good turn, Khan; and you'll definitely need this more than I do. Flame knows that I am never setting foot on that place ever again."

I couldn't help but ask, "Zhao... This is practically a manual for desert warfare. This could open up whole new directions of attack on the Earth Kingdom. Why did you never forward this to Fire Nation High Com-"

"No!" Admiral Zhao's fist banged on the wood- the sake bottle almost tipping over, "Every expedition the Fire Nation has attempted since even back when Fire Lord Azulon reigned has ended with failure: Thousands of fighting troops lost without ever seeing a single Earth Kingdom soldier! And for what strategic gains? None! It's better that Fire Nation High Command has been soured on the idea of making another expedition into the Si Wong Desert, I made sure of it!"

Jaw clenched and amber eyes practically aglow with rage, the admiral who was infamous for his temper did something that I didn't expect him to do: he calmed down. Sat back on his cushion and exhaled a shuddering breath in a curiously well-practiced motion... as if he had experience pushing down this specific anger before. And without his anger, all that was left was a deep bitterness in his eyes. He continued, calmer.

"The Si Wong desert is so vast that you could fit the whole of the Fire Islands in it. Allowed to venture unprepared, an entire division could wander that accursed place, lost for weeks as their water supply dwindles to nothing." he stared at that journal, as if watching scenes of distant memories play out on the surface. "The desert sun beating down above, the hot sand under your armour plates. It's when you shake the last drop of water from your canteen and into your dry mouth that a sort of madness overtakes you. The madness of realising that your own brothers and sisters in arms had water left in theirs. Men do drastic things to survive. Desperate things."

He shook his head.

"Take it, commander. Take it away from my sight."

Nodding silently, I took the faded red notebook into my hands.

(Unique) Admiral Zhao's Journal​

A collection of Admiral Zhao's shakily-written scouting reports, observations of the indigenous life and progressively obsessive ramblings about Wan Shi Tong's Spirit Library.

The weathered journal bears the marks of General Shu's ill-fated expedition through the vast Si Wong Desert. The faded red leather cover, once vibrant, has succumbed to the relentless assault of the desert sun, and is dusted with a variety of sands, each grain telling a story of bitter survival and desperate ambition. Brushing one's fingertips against the sand-coated cover, one can almost sense the grit of the sandstorms that once sought to consume both the journal and the spirit of its determined owner.

Between the creased pages, loose scraps of paper are tucked.

Ink sketches of dark shapes annotated with warnings of the dangers they pose and with spiteful curses for the Fire Nation lives they've claimed. Postscripts, written after betrayal, correcting previous- more hopeful- notes of potential allies and bitterly warning to never trust them again. And star charts with surprisingly artistic constellations drawn on them in the clear desert nights. Taken all together, the words and sketches chart a course through the treacherous dunes to reach a destination that countless other hopefuls had failed to reach.

Attunement: (100/100 Admiral Zhao Reputation Required)​

Zhao's journal was a subdued, dusty relic of knowledge not meant for mortals. Purchased with blood, sweat, and fractured sanities of a thousand Fire Nation souls now claimed by the sands of the Si Wong Desert... And now, entrusted to the one person in the world he had left that he could call his friend.

+ R +​

"You feel the weight of it too, don't you, Khan?" Zhao said quietly- likely having been gauging my expression as I handled the journal.

"Yes, I do." I nodded solemnly- my green eyes meeting his amber ones, "And Zhao? You have my sympathies for what happened."

He glowered. "I don't want your sympathy. I want your help to reach my destiny, and make use of the knowledge that so I went through so much for! Because otherwise-!" He caught sight of the dusty little journal, sighed and continued in a tired voice, "... Otherwise, It would all have been for nothing."

If there was any doubt of being able to talk him out of it then, they were wiped away now- it was definitely impossible at this point in time. He was too scarred, too filled with rage at what he had gone through that he won't even consider listening to reason, even to someone like me. No, Zhao needed to reach the Northern Water Tribe's Spirit Oasis. He needed his moment of triumph against the demons that haunt him. But until then, all I could do was make promises that I knew that I could keep.

I looked the Admiral in the eyes. "Agna Qel'a will be yours, Zhao." My voice rumbled, "I swear it."

The older man nodded with a small, grateful smile. "I knew I could count on the commander of the 41-" He stopped himself with a shake of head before mumbling, "No, I think you deserve more than that..."

"Admiral?"

He bowed low in his seat. And Zhao- with the most sincere I've ever heard him- said, "I'm glad that I could count on a friend, Khan."

"Always." I bowed as well.

As I carefully cradled Admiral Zhao's weathered journal in my hands, I couldn't help but reflect on the peculiar nature of this friendship. Here I was entrusted with the thoughts, struggles, and ambitions of a man known in canon for his arrogance and vainglory. But, for all of his flaws, he had chosen me as the one person he could call a friend. And in that moment, I found myself appreciating the simplicity of our friendship. It didn't need to be a deep reason, just a mutual respect between two soldiers, and a common goal- a common victory to fight for. And oftentimes, that was all that was needed.

A window flashed open in my vision.

New Quest:
THE ADMIRAL'S MOMENT OF TRIUMPH​

Main Objective: Ensure the Fire Nation wins the Siege of the Northern Water Tribe... without dooming the world.

Sub-Objective #1: Secure a formal declaration of surrender from the Northern Water Tribe
Sub-Objective #2: Stop Zhao from killing the Moon Spirit

Secondary Objective: Convince Zhao to willingly give up on his goal of killing the Moon Spirit.

Rewards:
Large bonus exp
[Moon Blessed] No, it's not a dummy-thicc Moon Goddess flashing you her ass. ???​

Secondary Rewards:
Large bonus exp
Large Reputation increase with the {Firelord Ozai}
Large Reputation increase with the {Fire Nation}
Legendary Item x 1​

+ R +​

The quest was straightforward enough: The world was not Zhao's to destroy, but neither did I want nor was I encouraged to just roll over and intentionally lose that fight in the North Pole. It was a relief that I didn't have to pretend that canon existed. After all, I derailed that particular train when I faced off with the Kyoshi Warriors near the start of my adventure. In this world on fire, I was the one who was going to win in the end.

The delicate sound of sake being poured into my saucer snapped me out of my train of thoughts.

Zhao corked the sake bottle with a sigh, "Before I lose my senses to drink, I need to inform you of something. Khan. The journal, it's incomplete."

"It is?" I paused and looked down at the journal, "What information is it lacking?"

"The details of what happened after I got inside the library." He took a sip of sake, "By then, I was so embroiled with my search for knowledge that I forgot all about my journal. And after I managed to escape and get rescued by Fire Nation forces, I was so sick of it all that I just hid my journal away instead of updating it with my experience. But I digress... the Spirit Library is a vast complex, even though I was only there briefly, I managed to find that even in a hidden library hidden in the forbidden part of the desert, there are still many more secrets to uncover."

Spirit Check failed! (53/60 Spirit Required)​

In my impatience, I almost batted the notification aside as my large frame leaned closer to Zhao. My attention was a hundred percent focused on his words now. How could I ever resist? In the Avatar show, the Spirit Library was glossed over. But this was news to me. Me, who had lovingly watched the show and possessed extensive meta-knowledge, has just been told that there were secrets that no one else has seen before? Not even by the people in this world? That one of the most ancient spirits of this world was hiding away? A shiver of anticipation ran down my spine.

"What did you discover?" I whispered intently.

"Many things." He teased, cradling his sake saucer, "Library wings that were sealed off. Places even forbidden from the spirits themselves. Knowledge apparently too dangerous- too powerful- to be known, not even by other spirits. Knowledge that only Wan Shi Tong has access to."

Nothing held such an allure as the idea of forbidden knowledge did.

Zhao chuckled, "... But those aren't as important as one critical piece of information that I can tell you now, the one about the library's master: Wan Shi Tong."

He took a long sip from his saucer.

"When that owl-serpent spirit was chasing me through the library halls, I saw it wince when I struck its face with a particularly large firebolt. It apparently feels pain, those strange spirit fox attendants do as well. And from that, I postulate that it's something all spirits who cross over to our world have in common. Don't you see, commander?"

I shook my head, but I was still holding onto every word.

"Spirits can be beaten, Khan." Zhao's amber eyes practically glowed. "They can be killed."

"I will... keep that in mind." I said in a polite, but noncommittal tone- hiding my disappointment. And here I thought it would be something juicier, but it was just Zhao being an obsessive maniac about the Moon Spirit again. I didn't mind that the admiral was still operating under the assumption that I wanted to come into blows with the denizens of the Spirit Library rather than work with them. I still saw no reason to correct him at the moment. But still, that didn't change the new information that he presented: The Spirit Library held secrets that weren't present in the Avatar show. A lot of them.

And I wanted them all.

"Excited, are you, commander?" Zhao smirked- seeing my hungry expression, "Well, when you get to the Spirit Library, do me a favour?"

"What would that be?" I asked.

"Bring back some fox pelts for me, of course." He threw his head back and guffawed, loud and deep. "Twenty of them should be enough to make for a fine fur coat!"

Spirit Check succeeded! (53/5 Spirit Required)​

I blinked dumbly. Why did it require only five Spiri-

My head tilted up. And up. And up to stare at the... thing that was looming over the admiral, drooling. A grotesque furred spider-like creature the size of a car. Massive legs like furred tree trunks that loomed overhead and grasped the corners of the room with clawed fists. And...

Spirits, that's too many teeth on a giant spider.

The thing that was stalking us had finally revealed itself.

And I really, really wish it hadn't.

[Unofficial Delegation] may only target active companions in your party

+ R +​

My attempt to try and save the admiral's life hit a little snag.

"Zhao..." I whispered very carefully- not keeping my eyes off the horror looming over him, "... I need you to say that you're joining my party. Right now."

The older man tilted his head- looking at me strangely even as long ropes of drool oozed from the open maw behind him, "What are you talking about, Khan?"

Resigned to my Plan B, I sighed, "...This is going to hurt."

"What?"

From my palms, I tried to bend lightning, but since I didn't know how- it ended exactly like Zuko's first attempts did- it exploded.

[Lightning Backblast], -150 hp
HP: 1250 -> 1100​

The explosion shot me forward, and the flame jets pushed me even faster. Neither the admiral nor the creature had time to react as- in less than a fraction of a second- my seven-foot-tall armoured frame was accelerated from sitting still to flying forward. Tackling the admiral, we flew right underneath the creature before crashing through the wall to the next room.

Just in time too, I heard the gargantuan maw slam shut around the spot where the admiral was just sitting- grinding up the tea table in a hell of teeth.

"Uuggggh..." Zhao blearily sat up from the rubble, "Khan, what is your-"

The creature crashed its face through the wall- snapping its jaws and legs punching through the wall like a tarantula tearing its way through a tiny paper doll house, and we were the tiny paper dolls.

"-WHAT IS THAT?!"

"My guess?" I slipped my skull-faced helmet on from my Inventory. "It's one of Wan Shi Tong's foxes. Warped into a homicidal frenzy like that forest spirit Heibai."

"But that doesn't look anything like the ones from the Spirit Library!"

"It doesn't matter right now!" I barked, "Steel yourself, Zhao, this is going to be a tough fight!"

Although still unsure, the admiral nevertheless raised his fists and slid into a firebending stance. Steam shot out his nostrils. "Very well, if this spirit wants a fight, it's going to b-Gugh!"

Reactions dulled by the alcohol, Zhao didn't see a wooden beam swing down until it whacked him right over his face- sending him tumbling to the ground unconscious.

"... Now I see why a couple of kids can beat you." I grunted, grabbing the admiral by the nape of his chestplate with one hand. Again, just in time. A roar from the deformed creature vaporised the spot that the admiral had been just a second ago. I readied my [Meteor Hammer] and prepared for an steeply uphill battle. But then the door slammed open, and the welcome sight of Suki and her sisters dashing through it soon followed.

"Khan, we heard a- WHAT IN KYOSHI'S NAME IS THAT?!"

They've seen war, and yet, their painted faces still gaped in terror at the first time they've encountered an angry Spirit. And also, a giant, deformed tarantula-creature tearing through the walls just had that effect on people.

"Evac the admiral!" I shouted as I tossed the unconscious admiral bodily at the girls, who were thankfully coordinated enough to catch the fully-grown man in armour. "Tell the Lieutenant to form a cordone, I don't want anyone else to see this!"

"We can't just leave you to fight that!" Suki shouted back, but her sisters tugged at her to go.

"Suki! Let Khan deal with the giant house-sized spider!"

"Yeah, we got to nope right out of here!"

"Kill it dead, Khan! Kill it with fire!"

"Hello?! Is anyone else gonna help me carry this guy?!"​

With just a glance, the Kyoshi Warriors carried the admiral off- leaving me to face down the creature as it began to finally break through the wall. I rested my will on the mental trigger of everything I had as well as putting the spare Perk Point that I had into [Furor of Furious Fury]. I was going to need to deal heavy damage if things went sideways.

Bullet Time (Active): Dodge the bullets that haven't been invented yet. Three times a day, slow time to 80%. Bullet Time duration in seconds is equal to a tenth of your Dexterity stat.

[Lvl 2] Furor of Furious Fury (Active): Angry caveman powers, activate! For the next 4 strikes you make, your strength is doubled. Can be activated 2 times a day.

Spirit Rush (Active): Yes, overconfidence is now a power! Once a day, gain 20% bonus Spirit. Spirit Rush' duration in seconds is equal to a half of your Spirit stat.

+ R +​

Through the eye slits of my helmet, my green eyes met with the creature's black ones. "Spirit! I wish to parlay!" I shouted up at it, "I have no quarrel with you or Wan Shi Tong!"

HE DARES?!

The Vandal threatened kin and clan! To flay them for pelt as if they were lowly beasts of the mortal plane! And this human dares to parlay?! Crack open his bones and eat his marrow! Feast on the flesh of his face! Let his blood stain the earth!

With a surge of fury and the crash of architecture, the wall of ancient wood finally gave way- freeing a massive fist to be immediately sent swinging down with the swiftness of a raven-eagle's talon right on the perceptive mortal's head. The impact should have left the offending human in a crumpled heap of metal and manflesh.

But this mortal was swift.

His sidestep was almost contemptuously relaxed. Skull helmet glanced to the crater made in the floor then back up. "I am not an enemy of the Spirit Library." He announced, "Let's stop this fighting and clear this misunderstanding."

Human lies should be left disregarded.

Five more great fists reached forward to pull him apart like a scribe's miscopied page. But evidently, he was a martial master of some sort, for he dodged it all. An uncommon breed of mortal, those sword dancers and fist throwers were. Trying to emulate the wisdom of movement of more enlightened beings like the tiger or the crane or the mantis. But there has never been a recorded instance of one in armour so heavy. And yet, each time, metal boots danced across the wood floor as he ducked and swerved and jumped just beyond the grasping fingers, calling upon an unnatural celerity that belied his sizable, armoured bulk.

The first strike landed was his- that metal ball at the end of the chain crashing against ribs with the force of a boulder thrown by a greater monkey spirit.

"Consider that your first warning." The mortal's voice boomed. "I do not want to fight, nor is there a need for us to fight. In fact, I'm sure Wan Shi Tong will appreciate that all I want to do is to donate some books!"

Again, more human lies. The Vandal has sworn not to set foot on the Sands, but has clearly delegated another mortal to perpetrate vile acts in his stead. This was a clear attempt to circumvent the master's intention: That no mortal was to damage the library, ever again.

The assault resumed with fury.

But this mortal was strong.

The armoured mortal's martial mastery was brought to the forefront yet again- parrying the retaliatory swipe of claws, and swinging back. The force was even stronger than the last. But to think it would be able to launch even the master's more powerful Knowledge Seeker stumbling from it? That was unexpected. Pain cracked from bruised ribs, and for the first time in centuries, a Knowledge Seeker's battle against a mortal was apparently not going to end with a flawless victory, or a clean one.

Perhaps too strong.

Where the Vandal was a feeble and slippery thing, this mortal was not. To stand against a spirit so ably and fearlessly, was this armoured mortal the Avatar? No... the results of the divination rituals circulated in the memorandum just a decade before had been clear- the incumbent Avatar was one born of Air, not Fire. And it was the Avatar's duty- just as it has been chronicled in a hundred different books and scrolls- to mediate things such as this, not instigate nor enable them. How unfortunate for him to be absent right now.

"Last warning, spirit." The armoured mortal's deep voice rumbled, "I am not your enemy, but if we continue down this path, I will beat you down until you listen to me."

This mortal was also very conceited.

Eyes narrowed, fangs bared, and blood boiling. The wooden structure of the hovel around them creaked and groaned under all the coalescing primeval energies of a Knowledge Seeker of Wan Shi Tong. This Avatar incumbent should count himself fortunate that someone else shall perform his duties in his stead.

All the better too. Reawakened after his hundred years of slumber, could that child even stop this armoured mortal?

(Meanwhile) [Northern Water Tribe Capital]

A slight shiver ran through Aang as he leaned on the window sill of their ice cottage, staring out into the iceberg-riddled sea of the North Pole.

"The Fire Nation aren't going to give up, are they?" His voice carried through the chilly air.

"What do you mean, Aang?" Katara asked softly as she stood up, still in her blue parka that matched her blue eyes.

"They've been chasing us almost every day since we left the South Pole- it feels like nowhere is really safe anymore."

"Oh, lighten up, Aang!" Sokka looked up from the piece of wood he was whittling, "I don't know about you, but I'm still buzzing from the butt-kicking we delivered back at the Northern Air Temple. Flying that war balloon and dropping goo bombs on Fire Nation troops was just what a warrior like me needed to feel alive! The Fire Nation can keep attacking, but we'll always be there to beat them back! 'Cuz that's what we do: We kick Fire Nation butt."

"That's not what Aang is worried about, O' brave warrior." Katara rolled her eyes at her brother

"No, Sokka does have a point, but..." Aang just pressed his lips together.

"But?"

"But I'm just not sure if anywhere is safe anymore."

"We're going to be alright, Aang. I mean, have you seen this place?" Katara gestured out the window and to the grand city of ice and water, "It's even more of a fortress than Omashu! The North Pole has withstood the Fire Nation for almost a hundred years. Trust me, if there's anywhere safe in this world, it's here."

Aang didn't say anything back, just eyeing the massive white walls of Agna Qel'a that overlooked the Northern Sea, the ice walls thicker than Appa was long. They looked like a Fire Nation Cruiser could crash into them and they'd hold fast. But it still didn't bring much comfort. Aang wanted to point out how even Omashu fell too- just weeks after they left the Earth Kingdom city. He wanted to say how worried he was for Bumi, and Suki and Haru and for all the friends they've made throughout the western fringes of the Earth Kingdom. And a hundred little other Avatar worries that's been gnawing at him nonstop.

"Hey, Aang? We're here for you too." Katara said again as she shifted closer, standing shoulder to shoulder with him by the window before wrapping her blue parka enveloping him in a gentle hug. And the bad feeling felt like it was being buried under her warmth.

Despite it all, he felt a small smile creep on his face.

"Maybe you're right." he said, keeping his grey eyes tracing the walls that protected the city, "If Agna Qel'a has held out against the Fire Nation for so long like Ba Sing Se, then maybe it really is a place we can feel safe in."

"Yes, you can." She smiled back.

Sokka chose that time to butt in, "Hey, if you two are done being touchy-feely, I've got a question: What's an Agna Kala?"

Katara whipped around to aim an incredulous stare at her brother.

"Agna Qel'a, Sokka! The capital city of the North Pole! You know? This amazing Northern Water Tribe city that we've been staying in since yesterday! How can you not know that by now?!"

Sokka just picked his teeth with a splinter of wood.

"Don't blame me. Our capital is called Wolf Cove." he said, "...Because it's a cove that's sorta shaped like a wolf's jaws. I don't know what the Northern Water Tribe named their capital after, but it definitely doesn't sound as cool as ours does. In fact, we have the coolest sounding capital in all of the Four Nations! Earth Kingdom has their Ba Sing Se, Fire Nation has their Capital City, the Air Nomads don't build cities, our sister tribe has this Agna Kwelah thing. But us? We have WOLF COVE!"

"Oh brother..." Katara facepalmed, and Aang just laughed.

"I guess it does sound pretty cool."

"Thank you, Aang!" Sokka grinned. "But back on the topic of those hot heads, I think you don't have anything to worry about anymore! I'm pretty sure we've seen it all from the Fire Nation. We've beaten their metal machines, outsmarted their plans, and stopped them from forcing the Mechanist to work for them. Now it's just regular Firebenders we gotta handle. Well, them and their Red Bull drink, but you get the picture."

"At least, Sokka's making sense for once." Katara laughed- ignoring the indignant squawk of 'Hey! I make a lot of sense a lot of the time!' from her brother as she met eyes with Aang, "We've faced a lot of challenges on the way to the North Pole, but we've always come out on top together. Now that we're here, we can learn Waterbending from a real master this time. Just think of all the techniques that they didn't put in our single Waterbending scroll!"

Aang couldn't help but smile at how excited Katara was about waterbending.

"Yeah, I guess we will..." He said, still smiling, "Thanks, guys. The pep talk really helped. I'm just glad that we're safe here at Agna Qel'a. It'll be nice not having to worry about any big surprises from the Fire Nation."

"I mean how much safer can we get?" Sokka said, "Ignoring the fancy-schmancy name, this place is a literal ice fortress built in a sea full of icebergs. Between you and me, I don't think the nation of people who can't use their bending when the weather gets too nippy for them is going to be making much progress attacking this place. Now, we just have to attend the big get-together feast that they're organising for us later tonight, and ask nicely over a Northern Water Tribe dinner if they can please teach you two how to throw water at each other better. And on that topic..."

Sokka looked out of the window to glare at the sun the same way he glared at Momo whenever the lemur stole his snacks.

"... The sun can't set any sooner too, all this talking is making me hungry for some Water Tribe food."

"I agree with Sokka about food." Katara giggled, "I'm curious what kind of variations the Northern Water Tribe have in their dishes too. Gran-gran told me that they cook their sea prune stew differently!"

"Well, I bet it's not going to be long before we find out!" Aang pointed out.

"I've got an idea." Katara smiled, "Instead of waiting around until the dinner feast, let's explore the city some more!"

Great idea!" Sokka stood up, already marching for the door. "Now is like the perfect time to work up an appetite for our first real feast in a long looong while! Oh man, I'm going to pig out at the feast and no one is going to stop me!"

"Sokka, wait up!" Katara called out as she rushed after him, before poking her head back through the doorway with a wide smile, "Aang, come on! Sokka might have gotten himself stuck in some hole somewhere by now!"

"Hey, I'm not that bad!"

"Just a sec!" Aang laughed as he picked up his staff- glancing out the window one last time and to the endless blue of the Northern Sea stretching out into the horizon.

For the first time in a long while, they were out of reach from the Fire Nation. Here in Agna Qel'a, they were finally safe. Behind the great white ice walls that glittered under the dawn sun like it was lined with diamonds, the army of brave and capable waterbenders that manned them, the towering white-blue pagodas of solid ice, the grand flowing waterways and all the water in the world. And now, they were going to get a Waterbending master to teach them as well. All the worries seemed like they were a world away, and the realisation just sank in: They made it.

From where Aang was standing, it was hard to imagine anyone reaching them here, and he felt silly even worrying about it. No one was powerful enough to dare attack this place... Not Zuko, not that Zhao admiral, not those Fire Nation special forces and not even the Fire Lord himself.

No one in the entire world was strong enough to try and hurt them here.

Too Strong. This mortal was... too strong.

The inconceivable has been realised: A Knowledge Seeker of Wan Shi Tong was losing... to a mortal! And now, in the shattered ruins of his tea room, his armoured form approached, lit blue under the gentle moonlight streaming through the wrecked ceiling. He was infuriatingly unharmed- not a single scratch on that spiked armour of his as he oh so casually swung his clinking ball and chain.

Twin emerald embers were visible through eye slits of his skull-faced helm as he asked- in an almost gentle tone, "Will you listen now, Spirit?"

Standing on shaky limbs, pain flaring from a dozen bruised bones and seemingly at the mercy of this mortal. It seemed like there was little choice but to listen. However... believing his words was a different matter altogether. There were still reasons for the mortal to lie- avenues for deceit and personal gain present for him to take advantage of. Perhaps more so now.

A nod. If only to grasp what little respite and open the possibility to flee.

He stowed his weapon on his hip and nodded in turn, "I sought Zhao so that I can find the path to the library and meet with Wan Shi Tong on peaceful terms. If there was any misunderstanding of my intentions due to being associated with him, I apologise: I am no enemy of the Spirit Library. In fact, I aim to be a benefactor."

He sat a brass-gilded scroll between them and stepped back. Notes of ashwood sap- a common ink ingredient native to the Fire Islands- emanated from the scroll. The strength of the fragrance meant that it had only dried in the past few days.

"This scroll..." his deep voice began, "... is a collated index of all the works currently held within the great libraries of the Fire islands. I imagine this will be invaluable in helping to restore the burnt library wing, no?"

A hesitant nod. It certainly would.

"You can have it then. It was what I was going to offer to Wan Shi Tong as a greeting, but I suppose it will function just as well as a peace offering. Believe it or not, my only wish is to donate some books to the Spirit Library. Just a few hundred, as well as a couple that I wrote myself. For those books, I want nothing in exchange- not even access to the Spirit Library. I only wish for Wan Shi Tong to accept them into the library's collection."

How generous and selfless, suspiciously so. Who was this mortal trying to fool, and why was he not putting effort into his lies? And yet, no Knowledge Seeker within the halls of the library would deny that this scroll was a most practical gift of knowledge- one that the master would surely appreciate. The humiliation of losing to a mortal can be laid aside. Not forgotten, but certainly laid aside. The master made it unquestioningly clear that restoring the Collection came first, and if the mortal's words were true then this was not an opportunity that can be ignored. But the possibility that it was a lie as well cannot be discounted either.

There was merit to the argument and cause for the action. But ultimately, presented with two possibilities that held significant consequences over the Collection, this was inevitably a decision that only the master could make.

The painted servants of Kyoshi arrived with their green kimonos and lacquered black armour, led once again by that Suki mortal.

"Khan!" she exclaimed as she spotted her master, "Are you- it's still alive! Sisters, As One!"

Katanas gleaming under the moonlight, they stood alongside the armoured mortal.

"The fighting is over, Suki." He said, gently pushing her katana down. "We're just clearing up this little misunderstanding."

An incredulous look came to her painted face, "Really? A misunderstanding with a spider spirit?"

"Fox actually."

Human females shared glances with each other, nodded. "If you say so..."

They sheathed their blades. To serve him unquestioningly... Was the mortal a Servant of Kyoshi as well? It seemed unlike an order for mortal females to induct males. But it was to the mortal's favour... Once, centuries ago, a brazen band of mortal thieves had stolen from the Collection, and a skulk of Knowledge Seekers was sent to alert Avatar Kyoshi. Wan Shi Tong had trusted that the Avatar would resolve it and such faith was not misplaced- the thieves chastised and the tome was returned. The master considered it a satisfactory resolution to the incident. If the Servants of Avatar Kyoshi follow this man into battle, then perhaps he can be trusted.

Claws were sheathed, and the Shape, submerged.

"It... it turned into a fox?" the Suki mortal muttered as she gazed her undeserving eyes upon the bare perfection that was the vulpine form.

Taking the proffered scroll between teeth, the time had apparently come to do what Knowledge Seekers are compelled by their Pact to do: Return home with valuable knowledge. On this occasion, it was valuable knowledge and a host of bruised bones.

The Veil was once again donned.

"Where did it go?! Sisters, on your guard! As One!"

"How? We can't even see it!"

"I can. Calm down." said the armoured mortal, ever perceptive.

A small spark of amusement arose.

Even now, these painted mortal females were all-too amusing in their ignorance~

Looking up, the sky of dark blue began to give way to wisps of red- the dawn was soon to come. Clenching teeth through the biting pain of bruised ribs, the limping run home would be bothersome and no less shameful, but for now, a reprieve from the endless watch was most welcome. Eyes lingered on the constellation of the Greater Gilacorn with its winding reptilian tongue, and let it guide the way home. Back to the Sands. Back with knowledge, and a message.

The master must be told of this name.

Khan.

A most interesting mortal~

- A Most Interesting Mortal End -
​
AN:

This chapter occurs during the episode... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 17 - The Waterbending Master). Taking place after (The Northern Air Temple) and right before (The Siege of the North, Part 1). And got me thoroughly bored because I challenged myself to tone down the humour to balance out with the next one which is... pretty shitpost-y.

New Vote: Foxgirls, yes or no?... I kept it intentionally vague in case people would prefer less expies. My headcanon is that this chapter's fox is someone like Ahri from League of Legend or Yae Miko from Genshin Impact. But if readers prefer to just stick to the foxes of canon (albeit rebalanced to be in line with Heibai) instead of playful shapeshifting fox girls (who can transform eldritch monstrosities when angry), I'm alright with that.

Legend of Korra ruined the mystery about Spirits and the Spirit World for me... Compared to ATLA's Heibai, Koh the Face-Stealer and Wan Shi Tong, AtLoK was a severe downgrade in menace or mystery- presenting them as wobbly spirit energy monsters and cute 'Spirited Away' ripoffs, instead of the frightening vaguely animal-shaped beings who operated on motivations completely alien to humans, and lived on a plain of existence that was akin to a fog-covered, Lovecraftian jungle.

The next chapter is already available... I just need to pick which platform to start posting it on. (Public Posting Date: 2024-JAN-14 EST)
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Ghjikl, Michael_1992, r1516 and 1,661 others
Infonticus
Jan 13, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 18: A Grand Departure
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Jan 15, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,893
Chapter 18: A Grand Departure

[Zoryu Hall]

"S-sir...? Do we really have to do this?"

We were standing in the dark backstage of Zoryu Hall when, for the first time ever, the Lieutenant directly questioned my orders. Light green robes and trousers hanging off our frames in place of our armours.

"In what way, Lieutenant?" My deep voice rumbled. "You've already performed admirably in this first act of our operation."

"It's just... when you said that you were looking for volunteers to serve their country on the most important battlefield of the war. I didn't think you'd mean this, sir."

Ah, morale was flagging because my troops did see the point of our objectives. They lacked a feeling of purpose, and an appreciation for what they were doing. They had already done this much without needing an explanation, so I believe they deserve one now.

"Platoon, fall in." I gave the command- that at least was followed without hesitation as they formed a neat square in front of me. "We've come far, men and women of the 41st Division."

My steely-eyed veterans of the 41st Division- also in similar light robes and trousers- stood at attention, hanging onto my every word in serene, martial focus. In stark contrast, all around us in the dim light, hurried footsteps on wood and hushed voices of directions echoed in a panicked rush of activity. Indentured servants hoisted ropes, hauled barrels of weapons and prepared for the next act in what was perhaps the most important operation on the Fire Islands yet. No, this was the one that would seal the fate of the war.

"We have the training that no other branch in the Fire Nation Military could boast. We have the rugged equipment that would make noble heirs green with envy. And we have coffers overflowing with a gratuitous amount of war funds that make our enemies very nervous."

Quest:
OUT OF THE FRYING PAN, AND INTO THE BLIZZARD​

Main Objective: Prepare for the Siege of the Northern Water Tribe before the armada departs

Sub-Objective #1: Equip the entire 41st Division for arctic weather conditions (100% Complete)
Sub-Objective #2: Train the entire 41st Division to be competent in Arctic Warfare (100% Complete)
Sub-Objective #3: Double the Fire Nation Army's enlistment rate in this upcoming enlistment season (8% Complete)
Sub-Objective #4: Dedicate 70,000 Gold Pieces in war funds for this campaign (70,000/70,000 Gold Pieces)

Rewards:
Massive bonus exp
Perk Point x4

+ R +​

"... But that isn't enough." I told them in no uncertain terms. "This is not a war we can win on our own, without the support of our brethren. The Fire Nation war machine needs new blood to turn its gears, and it is up to the 41st Division to acquire it. When we have full divisions marching across the Earth Kingdom instead of scattered companies. When every Fire Nation soldier has a squad that he can rely on. When our enemies realise that they no longer outnumber us 3-to-1 in every battle. It'll be because of this night. It'll be because the 41st Division gave the people of the Fire Nation a vivid dream of courage and mettle and victory- so close to them that they can almost grasp it. As if to say..."

I extended a bare hand towards the Lieutenant, large palm facing up.

"... Come with me." I whispered as our eyes met, my green with her amethyst. "We're going to win this war together."

"I'd follow you to the depths of the Underworld, Khan." she whispered back, a light blush dusting her cheeks and her hand reaching up to-

An indentured servant approached and prostrated himself on the wooden floor. "A thousand apologies for interrupting, Commander Khan. But everything is prepared for the second act."

"To your posts and your places, we start in 60 counts!" I commanded- loud enough for everyone nearby to hear. Then I turned towards the Lieutenant and the troops, "You've done a good showing so far. Fire Nation High Command and the Noble Clans aren't quite sold on the idea just yet, but we have their attention. Light a fire in their hearts and minds, 41st Division!"

"Sir, yes sir!"

Drums set a steady martial beat as we rushed to our places.

Soon enough, the grand velvet curtains were drawn- revealing the expectant faces of the Fire Nation's upper crust staring intently at us from their seats. There in an armoured booth was the Fire Lord himself along with the Fire Nation High Command. The Fire Noble clans with their young heirs and heiresses already leaning forward, at the edge of their seats.

"We've got a long way to go..." I grunted out loud for them to hear. With a smooth motion, I snatched a rattan quarterstaff from a barrel of weapons, and tossed the rest to my troops.

I looked my audience in the eyes as I twirled the quarterstaff into my hands, then broke into song.

"LET'S GET DOWN TO BUSINESS! TO DEFEAT! THE HUNS!"​

The ensuing excited squeals were reassuring.

[Northern Water Tribe Capital]

"The Fire Nation!" Aang woke up in a cold sweat, grey eyes shooting wide open as he gasped, "The Fire Nation is up to something big!"

"Aang...?" Katara yawned from her own bedroll, "Is it another one of your nightmares?"

"Yeah, I'm okay though." He nodded as he wiped the sweat off his face, "Sorry for waking you and Sokka up, Katara."

"Just me, you know how Sokka is." She giggled before looking over to her brother who was still snoring and drooling into his bedroll. She smiled back at him, "Maybe it'll help calm you down if we talk with Chief Arnook right now instead of after relaxing for a few days?"

"That... might just help actually." Aang smiled back, "Thanks for having my back, Katara."

"You're welcome!" She chirped before shaking her brother awake, "Sokka, wake up. We're meeting the chief now."

"Mm, Princess Yue, your hair's so- Wuh?" He looked around blearily, "Oh, Aang got a bad dream again? I'm telling you, it was just a bad cod-flounder sandwich. It'll pass once you digest all of last night's feast food. Man... I was having such a lovely dream too!"

Aang and Katara shared a look before he smirked at Sokka, "Maybe we'll run into Princess Yue on the way th-"

"What're we waiting for?" Sokka scoffed, already climbing to his feet, "Come on, let's go meet Chief Arnook!"

Aang was grateful for it- the walk from their ice cottage up to the Chief's. The brisk night air of the North Pole woke him right up, and Agna Quel'a pre-dawn was a sight to behold. A reassuring one. The distant lit lanterns all along the icy city looked pretty neat: guards patrolling walls, boats traversing the waterways and even little shops that were still open at the dead of night.

"There are a lot more people up at night than in the Earth Kingdom." Aang noticed, and Katara smiled.

"Keep in mind that we waterbenders draw our power from the Moon."

"No wonder you're always more chipper at nighttime when I want to sleep." Sokka said distractedly as he kept his head on a swivel in case a certain princess walked by. "I wonder if Princess Yue has different evening wear to night wear..."

Unfortunately for Sokka, they reached the chief's cottage without seeing the princess.

They made their way inside the humbly-sized cottage where a kindly old servant lady led them to the chief's study. With a slight rustle, Aang pushed aside the curtain-door made of polar bear pelt. And there, The wizened Chief Arnook- the leader of all the Northern Water Tribe- sat on the far side of the ice table from them and greeted them with a serene smile.

"Welcome, honoured guests. It is a beautiful moonlit night tonight, isn't it?"

"Yes, it is. Thank you for having us on such short notice, Chief Arnook!" Aang greeted him happily as he, Katara and Sokka sat down on the colourful floor cushions provided to them.

The chief nodded to them. His wrinkled brow, his brown beard without a moustache, and his calm blue eyes... all indicating that he was a water tribe man who has been leading his tribe for several decades, and will for decades more. But even with all that...

"You honour me with your presence, young Avatar."

... he still spoke to Aang with an uncomfortable amount of reverence, and it made Aang shift uneasily on his cushion. He didn't think he'd ever get used to that. First, it was the people on Kyoshi Island, then it was Senlin Village when they were attacked by Hei Bai, and then it was the many many other Earth Kingdom villages that they visited. While most were restrained, some were more... extreme than others- practically worshipping his footsteps. For him, it wasn't easy. After all, chasing fame and clout was against teachings of the Airbender Monks, and now more than ever, Aang wanted to uphold the teachings of his people.

"And you honoured me with your feast, Chief Arnook." Aang grinned, "That was the most lavish Water Tribe feast I've ever had! Every bite was amazing! Even Katara and Sokka were impressed, right guys?"

Part of those teachings was to be like a breeze and spread lightness to whoever they touched. Which was why Aang always tried his best to make it less about him and more about the people around him. Besides, they deserved a lot more credit than he ever did!

"I loved the sea prune stew! It was like Gran-gran's but sweeter!" Katara piped up with a smile, before not-so-subtly elbowing her brother who was still looking dopey-eyed lovestruck from Princess Yue.

"What? Oh, right! The food was great! Just... beautiful." He said with a longing sigh.

"I will relay your compliments to our chefs!" the old chief laughed, "I'm sure they'll be glad to know their efforts were appreciated by both the Avatar and our guests from our sister tribe. But I must apologise that we did not hold a separate feast in your honour and forced you to share it with my daughter's birthday."

Aang waved his hands.

"Please, just call me Aang!" He just smiled it off, "And I'm just glad that Princess Yue wasn't angry at me for stealing attention away from her on her special day!"

"Yue is a gentle soul- she would never hold something like that against you." Chief Arnook said, wearing the smile of a proud father. "And Yue may not have shown it, but she was thrilled to have the Avatar attend her birthday celebration."

"She was?" Aang's grey eyes were wide before grinning in relief, "That's good to hear! I got to talk to her a bit after the feast and she's really nice!"

"Yeah..." Sokka nodded dreamily, "She definitely was nice... ow! Katara!"

She held her brother by his ear as she smiled sweetly, "Will you please excuse me and my brother? We have to talk outside."

"Agh! Let go of my ear! Ah! You're gonna tear it off! Katara!"

They watched as Katara dragged Sokka outside- past the thick pelt of the curtain door. Through it all, Chief Arnook had the social grace to continue as if nothing happened, his tone still conversational as he asked, "I believe you came here to the North Pole with a purpose, Aang?"

"Yes, I have." Aang replied, looking the older man in the eyes, "Chief Arnook, I need a Waterbending master to teach me."

"Ah, that much was to be expected." The old chief smiled again, "It has already been arranged, young Avatar. I will introduce you to your waterbending teacher later tonight. Afterwards, I believe you will start training at dawn tomorrow in the training square."

"What?! Already? That's awesome!" Aang shouted with a smile. "That was a lot easier than it was with Jeong-Jeong! I thought you'd need more convincing!"

Chief Arnook just gave a good-natured laugh, "The Northern Water Tribe have not been remiss in our duties towards teaching the Avatar waterbending in the past thousand years, and we will not do so now. I believe you have witnessed Master Pakku's waterbending exhibition during the feast?"

"No way... He's going to be my master?!" Aang goggled at that, "That's amazing! He was amazing! I've never seen Waterbending forms so smooth and fluid before!"

"Yes." the chief nodded before continuing in a slightly more serious tone, "But Master Pakku also has a reputation for being a demanding teacher. So please keep that in mind when you speak with him."

"I won't let him down!" Aang bowed, "Oh, and thank you for your tribe's hospitality, Chief Arnook. I really appreciate it."

"You are very welcome." The chief only gave a fatherly smile, "Please enjoy our hospitality for as long as you like, Aang."

"Oh, and uh... Sorry about Sokka." Aang scratched the back of his head sheepishly.

"No need for apologies, I was young once too." the old chief smiled graciously, "And as the father of a little girl who has grown into a beautiful young woman, I have made peace with the fact that just as the tides follow the moon, so too will young lads follow my Yue."

"Thank you for being so understanding, chief!"

"Think nothing of it, Aang. Sokka seems to be a fine young man too." Chief Arnook remarked, still smiling as he glanced to the door where the sounds of the two southern water tribe siblings were bickering, "Chief Hakoda naturally spoke highly of his son, and I'm glad that Sokka has not made a braggart out of his father... I believe I can trust him to be respectful around my Yue."

"Yeah..." Aang looked away embarrassed, "Sokka kinda learned the hard way to be nicer to girls."

"Did he now? We may be more alike than I first thought."

"No way!"

"As I said before, I too was once a brash young lad as well. Too brash." the old chief chuckled.

"Don't worry, Sokka's a fast learner. It only had to happen once!" he grinned, "We were at Kyoshi Island in the South Sea and got ambushed by the Kyoshi Warriors. Sokka didn't take being beat up by girls too well and he sorta challenged their leader- Suki. That second round ended as well as you'd expect too. But Sokka took it gracefully and ended up asking them to train him. I think they even liked each other at the end?"

For the first time, the smile left the old chief's face and the conversation dipped in the mood.

"Ah, the Kyoshi Warriors..." He said, "Some worrying rumours have reached us about a very lethal group of young women wearing facepaint who have helped the Fire Nation cut through Earth Kingdom forts."

"We've heard those rumours too." Aang nodded, pressing his lips together in a thin line before continuing, "But while we were there, the Fire Nation almost burned down their village! I don't think they'd ever join the Fire Nation in a million years! And even if they wanted to, the Kyoshi Warriors even took a vow of isolation, they would never leave Kyoshi Island!"

Aang said all that, but for some strange reason, it was like some part of himself deep down inside him didn't believe his own words. He just shook it off though- now wasn't the time to be a jumpy elephant-rat.

Meanwhile, Chief Arnook simply furrowed his brows, the wrinkles on his forehead becoming more pronounced with worry. He sighed in resignation, "It seems that the blizzard has stuffed our hoods."

"I'm sorry?"

"Oh, it's just a Northern Water Tribe saying." He replied, "It means we have willfully deafened ourselves to the world around us, and we have become too isolated for it- relying too heavily on rumours and second-hand accounts. Would you be willing to share with me your account of your journey thus far, young Avatar?"

"Of course." Aang dutifully nodded. "It's the least I can do."

"Is something wrong, Aang? You look troubled"

"It's nothing..." Aang said with a sigh, "I just keep having bad dreams and feelings that the Fire Nation is up to something big."

The chief nodded sagely, "The Fire Nation has never been lacking in terms of grand ambitions, that is known."

"So, do you think we're in danger?"

"Spirits, no." Chief Arnook chuckled, "The Fire Nation are stubborn, but not stupid. Each time they have tried to invade our waters, we have taught them a harsh, harsh lesson. And by the time your waterbending training is concluded, that will only become even more pronounced. The Northern Water Tribe will help you attain the bending and the wisdom to put a stop to whatever they're plotting and scheming. As an Avatar with mastery of two elements, you will be ready for them."

Aang followed the chief's eyes as he looked down to the spread out map in front of them. Aang never knew that a little flag marking a nation's capital could seem so... intimidating. His tattoos ached as if warning him, and Aang clenched his hand in his lap.

Aang felt a shiver of determination rise from his belly. He wasn't there for his people when they needed him, but he was here for the world that needs him now.

"I'm ready. Whatever it takes." He promised in a firm voice- more to himself than the chief. And he settled his eyes on that little fire Nation flag that marked their capital city. "I'm going to master waterbending and that'll put me one step closer to stopping whatever secret weapon or war machine or evil scheme the Fire nation are hatching doing right now."

[Zoryu Hall, Capital City]

"DID THEY SEND ME DAUGHTERS WHEN I ASKED FOR SONS?"​

The shout echoed out, bouncing off the posh, velvet-lined walls of Zoryu Hall theatre and into the ears of the enraptured audience who leaned forward in their seats. Every pair of female eyeballs were glued to the scene that was happening before them. Especially when Khan started singing, and especially when he took his spirits-damned shirt off. That combined with his unfairly handsome face that was exposed to the public, and every Fire Nobe Clan girl was practically drooling a river.

Not Suki though, she was still too busy seething - watching the play along with her sisters from their vantage point up in the ceiling of the theatre hall in a manner reminiscent to the one they had in Khan's Abode. Funnily, they watched him walk around shirtless there too.

"YOU'RE THE SADDEST BUNCH I'VE EVER MET."​

"Stupid Lieutenant. I should have been Mulan, not her." Suki sat back with a harumph, angrily shovelling those crispy fireflakes in her mouth. "It should've been me on the stage having a love story/training montage with a shirtless Khan, not her! It's not my fault that my chest looks too big to be convincing in chest wrapping!"

Of course, hearing her complain, her sisters naturally pounced- their painted red lips visibly smirking in the shadows of their hiding place and swarmed her with teasing whispers.

"Hehehe~ Busty Suki finally gets her comeuppance!"

"I think it's less about Suki's chest and more because we sorta jumped Khan during the last rehearsal?"

"He shouldn't have given us front row seats then if he didn't want that to happen."

"Whatever. It still should have been me who was Mulan."

"Suki, you tried to pull his pants down and suck him off in front of the entire division!"
​
"I would have succeeded too, if one of you had just stopped licking his abs and helped me with his pants!" Suki scoffed. "I would have definitely gotten the part then! Besides, if Khan didn't want to be jumped then why did he write this scene where he takes his shirt off?"

"BUT YOU CAN BET BEFORE THIS IS THROUGH."

"MISTER, I'LL MAKE A MAN OUT OF YOU."​

Khan grabbed the Lieutenant by her training robes, pulling her face to face with him. If not for her surprisingly delicate facial features, it would have looked like a scene straight out of one of those 'boy love' novels.

Not that it stopped the inevitable reaction.

Immediately, a wave of excited squeals and scandalised (read: aroused) gasps swept through the female portion of the audience seated below. But a surprisingly pretty-faced Lieutenant was still not enough to stop the repressed noble girls with hyperactive imaginations in the audience from creaming their panties to sight. Khan's deep and rumbly singing voice was only the cherry on top.

It was almost enough to drown out the sounds of Suki grinding her teeth. Almost.

"Ugh... that could have been me!" Suki fumed.

But miscasted role aside, she was enjoying the show. The professionally-made scenery and the full cast added to the experience of this story of this 'Mulan' character that Khan had written out. An underdog- played with surprising competency by the Lieutenant- was being driven by a shirtless Khan through boot camp training. Barely trained, 'Mulan' was too weak to keep up with the rest of the unit and was now on the verge of giving up. And yet... she pushed through each time.

Suki realised something then, whispering softly, "Avatar Kyoshi would have liked this play."

"Uh... which part? Are you talking about Khan?"

"But wasn't Avatar Kyoshi into girls?"

"Yeah, I mean... Khan's hot. He's really hot. But is he that hot enough to make her swing that w-"​

"Sisters! Have some respect!" Suki snapped with a serious glower on her face. "Speculating on our honoured founder's preferences is unbecoming of her Kyoshi Warriors!"

"Sorry, Suki..."​

"Just remember yourselves." Suki sighed, but a wistful smile still found itself on her red-painted lips as she went back to watching the play below.

"A plucky young daughter, from before the emancipation of Fire Nation women, taking up the sword of her veteran father who was now too old and frail to wield it- using it to finish the war and absolutely massacre his enemies. And by the end of it, convinces the Fire Lord to let girls serve in the army... That's exactly the kind of inspiring stuff that makes every dumb little girl want to grab her dumb little girl friends, walk up to the nearest village elder, pledge a solemn oath to fight for their country and start making the other side's dumb little girls die for theirs."

Her sisters laughed softly amongst themselves, smiles on their painted faces.

"Just as Avatar Kyoshi intended!"

"I bet if we started a recruitment drive after the show, every girl in the audience is gonna sign up to fight in the war!"

"Those sextuplets in the front look like they're ready to get the first ship out to war!"

"Hah! That's exactly what we did too! Back on Kyoshi Island!"

"Nah, we got in trouble for stealing all the dumplings and THEN we signed up to be Kyoshi Warriors!"

"Except the first Fire Nation we came across was the final boss himself. So unfair."

"yeah..."​

They quieted down at that reminder- that they were still very much on the enemy team.

"... Suki? Do you ever wonder where we'd be if we didn't come across Khan?"

Suki thought about it for a moment, then smiled a bittersweet smile. "It doesn't matter. Not anymore. As much as I wished we could have reached Ba Sing Se and met with the Earth King, we serve Khan now, and that's all that matters."

"I guess... but if you had the chance for a do over?"​

"I hadn't really thought about it before." She admitted, looking down to where Khan was, "But I w-"

*Click*

All six Kyoshi Warriors stiffened. Their eyes stared at the locked door that led to their little shadowy vantage point. The door knob rattled subtly as if someone was checking to see if it was unlocked. Wordlessly, Suki scattered her fireflakes to the floor as she eyed the door that was likely being picked by now; and without even glancing at her Kyoshi Warriors, her soft whisper slipped through the stagnant air.

"Sisters, into the shadows. As One."​

The quiet rasp of Kyoshi Katanas being drawn in tandem accompanied her sisters' even quieter response.

"As One."

They pressed their slim frames behind the thick roof struts made of ancient woods, and stayed perfectly still.

None of them made a sound, not even as the picked door quietly swung open and not even as whoever picked it silently stalked into their dim vantage point. Each of them knew better than to peek from their hiding places- any assassin worth their salt would spot them immediately. Instead, Suki and her sisters were all waiting for the signal, and that signal was...

*crackle*

...the sound of Suki's crispy fireflakes being crushed underfoot.

As one, they darted out from their hiding spots as shadows. Deadly shadows with painted faces, razor sharp swords and a dozen fallen Earth Kingdom fortresses to their name.

Suki immediately spotted the black-clad figures before them- her blue eyes counting eight intruders. Typical of assassins, they were dressed to be unobtrusive in a crowd- all of them garbed in the red robes of regular Fire Nation citizens. Suki knew that even she would not have even suspected them to be assassins if not for the fact that they were here- having picked a locked door, having gotten this deep into a very restricted area, and stepping on the remnants of Suki's crispy snack-turned-sound trap. Startled by the crackling sound, their eight targets hesitated- just for a split second... Hesitation was death.

"As One!" their whispers synchronised- for the poor bastards, it would have sounded like it came all directions.

By the time the assassins' were drawing their own daggers out of their sheaths, Suki's and her sisters' blades were already gliding over the assassins' unarmoured bodies. There was no hesitation in their sword strokes. Sword arms made useless by severed tendons, and any attempt to fight back curbed as bellies were cut open. The fine cloths of their eight targets were no obstacle at all for their razor-edged Kyoshi Katanas, sharpened and cared for by Khan himself, and the numbers advantage swung from a 6-versus-8 to 6-versus-2 in a blink of an eye.

Barely three seconds passed since they sprung their ambush; and by then, Suki and her Kyoshi Warriors found themselves standing victorious over the last assassin- on the floor and gurgling up blood from his slit throat. Such were the battles fought in the shadows: No heroic proclamations, no valorous last stands, not even final words before the execution... Just the dead and the victorious.

"Amateurs." Suki scoffed as she wiped the blood from her Kyoshi Katana and locked the door again. She turned towards her squad, "Check the bodies, we might get lucky with intel."

She and her sisters patted them down. Apart from the disguises, there wasn't much. Some throwing stars, odd crystal coins, some spark rocks and... Suki held up an oddly large drinking flask- sealed tight.

One of her sisters also found an identical flask on the body she was checking too- popping the cork off it and immediately winced with a sour expression.

"It's blasting jelly. Really high-quality ones too, going by the strong smell."

"It looks like all of them have one. Pour them all together and that's almost a small keg of the stuff!"

"Yeah, there's enough here to blow a hole straight through a Fire Nation cruiser's hull..."​

"... or in an armoured VIP booth." Suki finished the thought. Her blue eyes looked down into the main hall below, to the metal booth constructed right in the centre of the seats. Gilded with brass flames and decorated and guarded by a small contingent of Imperial Firebenders. One such Imperial Firebender discreetly looked up at them and just as discreetly waved a small flame on his fingertip. In response, Suki used her dagger's jewel to signal back that everything was under control. He didn't give any indication that he saw- instead nodding to his compatriots.

"They could have just as easily gone after Khan too..."

"Nah, he would have handled it just as easily."

"Maybe... but he isn't exactly armoured right now."​

"Yeah, good thing we're here." Suki murmured, her red-painted lips pressed into a thin worried line at the thought. It was a good thing that Khan believed in their abilities enough to trust them with thwarting assassination attempts; she didn't think anyone else would have been as capable or as precise. She wouldn't know what she'd do if Khan got hurt. But before she could continue that line of thought...

...The door behind them swung open as if someone had the key.

The thick coppery scent of fresh blood spilled forth- flooding into the room like a wave of death. And from the darkness of the open door, a pair of red blood eyes glowed- staring directly at them. Twin brass-plated blades dripped with bits of blood and gore. It was a monstrous sight enough to make even the bravest man stumble back, but not the Kyoshi Warriors.

Suki smiled big as she waved. "Hey, Yor!"

This monstrous sight was their friend. The older woman stepped out of the shadows and into the dim light. Her black dress was covered in blood, but a sheepish smile on her pretty face.

"Sorry about herding them all to your post, everyone!" the blood-coated woman apologised profusely, flustered as if she was a secretary that had misfiled some documents. "I kind of lost count of how many there were after eighteen!"

"Three teams? There were that many of them?" Suki said in an incredulous tone while one of her sisters let out a low whistle at the number.

"It is surprising, isn't it?" Yor laughed innocently at the clearly funny happenstance, "I heard that people usually send only one team of assassins to try and kill the Fire Lord."

Suki was about to ask how the older woman could possibly know that, but she reminded herself that Yor was the former assassin- one of the deadliest at that. If anyone would be familiar with the murderous political underworld of the four nations, it would be her. So instead, she asked, "Do you think that's the last of the assassination attempts for tonight?"

Yor scratched her pale, blood-splattered cheek in thought. "Well... For a formal event like this, it's already rare to have more than one team, three just isn't something you do because any more than that and it would be really, really hard to infiltrate the teams without anyone noticing."

"So, we're done here?" Suki said.

"Yes- no wait!" Yor corrected herself, "How could I forget?! Here comes my favourite part: I need to taste-test the intermission feast!"

"... But what happens if you come across something poisoned?"

"Don't worry about me!" She gave a brilliant smile through the blood covering her face, "Poison doesn't have an effect on me anymore: I trained myself by drinking different poisons everyday!"

"Y-you deliberately poisoned yourself? Everyday?"

"That's hardcore..."

"As expected of Mistress Yor..."

"We've got a long, looong way to go, it seems."​

"Want to join me for a bite?" Yor chirped. And as one, the Kyoshi Warriors replied.

"Pass."​

"We'll just continue with our watch here." Suki gave a diplomatic smile. "Please enjoy the food for us."

"Ah, I will." Yor said excitedly, "Please keep a watch over Anya for a little longer, okay?"

"About that Mistress Yor..." Suki called out to the older woman, "Do you think it was alright leaving Anya with Zhao and the Fire Lord?"

"But we're already protecting the Royal Booth, aren't we?" Yor asked in a confused tone, her red eyes looking down into the main hall below.

"I mean, aren't you worried that Zhao might be a bad influence on her or something?"

"Oh, I'm sure it'll be alright. Khan said that Admiral Zhao is a really good friend!" Yor gave a brilliant smile, "And he even offered to let her meet with Fire Lord Ozai! I heard that he's good with kids!"

"You think he is?" Suki said incredulously, exchanged glances with her sisters.

"Mhm, Anya thinks she'll get along with him!"

"Spirits..." Suki exchanged worried glances with her sisters.

That can't be good, and not because Anya wasn't making friends with the Fire Lord. No, it was because the Fire Lord was making friends with Anya.

Suki muttered a silent prayer to Kyoshi.

(A few minutes later) [Intermission feast room]

In front of a convenient mirror outside the feast room, Zhao shifted his eyepatch slightly- making certain that it covered the unsightly black eye he had sustained.

"Damned foxes." He growled, "I hope Khan skins all of them alive."

"But Mr. Jao looks so cool with an eyepatch!" the little, pink-haired six-year-old beside him happily proclaimed. Of all the things that he expected when Khan approached him for a favour, playing babysitter would have been near the bottom of that particular list. He would have actually refused if Khan had not told him whose child this was. That of a particularly infamous assassin that had tried to kill him. That tidbit of information was... mildly concerning. But Khan was Khan.

"... Would you know what a 'Hun' is?" He asked the child as they pushed into the feast room. Crowded as it already was with the audience of Khan's play.

Anyas' green eyes momentarily glanced away from the colourful spread of dumplings and sweets to look up at him. "Um, it's Papa's name for the baddies!" She nodded in apparent understanding, "They go like 'Hun!' or 'Ho!' when they do their evil earthbendy stuff."

"Ah, a slang word for Earthbenders. I see."

"Uh, Mr. Jao? Can you please pass Anya a flame cake?"

"Don't say 'uh' or 'um'." He told her firmly, "You're embarrassing the commander and your mother with such hesitation."

"Anya understands!"

Nodding, Zhao sat a slice on the four-year-old's plate- only for her small hand to grip her head. His brow raised in concern, "Is something a matter, child?"

"Head hurts." Anya groaned, swaying unsteadily, "So many people 'round. Voices and stuff. Just need ta focus on not listening..."

"Agreed." Zhao held the child steady as he scanned the room with his good eye, "The idle chatter of others does get tedious very quickly."

True enough, the upper crust of the Fire Nation was in attendance tonight: Fire Clan nobles discussed the play over wines- giving subtle envious glances over the medals of the military officers who talked with shrewd ministers. It would seem that Khan's play has already had an effect on them. Zhao was ambivalent towards that- Fire Clan nobles joining the military meant their clans would invest more resources into the military's success (and their clan member's survival), but at the same time, having to accommodate the whining of untested noble brats was less than ideal. Regardless, the room was filled with all these men and women of power in the Fire Nation. Even Fire Lord Ozai had decided to grace the event as well. And yet...

His eyes turned towards the child accompanying him, now happily chewing away at her piece of flame cake.

... this girl carried herself with a casualness that indicated that she was either very stupid or she was utterly fearless. Zhao was inclined to believe it was the latter. He could only guess what kind of blood-soaked childhood this child experienced being the daughter of an infamous assassin. Suddenly, he watched as she stiffened before immediately turning around to execute a perfect curtsy.

"F-Fire Lord Ozzy! Your honourableness!"

Brows raised in surprise, Zhao did an about-face just in time to see the Fire Lord and War Minister Qin walking up to him. "Fire Lord Ozai, sir!" Zhao gave a tight navy salute, and also sent a subtle glance back at the child. What immense instincts she has to be able to not only sense someone's presence, but identify them as well.

"Admiral Zhao." Ozai greeted evenly- looking hale and hearty in his grand, flowing robes of red silk and gold thread. "It is good to see that you survived that attempt on your life."

"Thank you, my Fire Lord. That assassin grossly underestimated my resourcefulness." Zhao said, tracing a finger along his eyepatch. The truth can never come out. He had Khan swear to tell no one that a plank of wood had bested him, and that he had to be carried away unconscious from the fight by a squad of Earth Kingdom girls. Certainly not his finest moment.

"Regardless, it is good to see that you were able to arrive ahead of time despite the large fleet."

"Naturally, sir." Zhao coolly replied, "I have been entrusted with the rank and authority to command your navy, so I have. Be it a single squadron of destroyers or the greatest fleet ever assembled across the Four Nations, you will find no other naval officer who will be as capable in commanding your naval forces."

"As you should." Their head of state nodded in approval before gesturing an elegantly-sleeved hand to the aged man standing beside him, "War Minister Qin here was just sharing his estimations on the effectiveness of the siege on the Water Tribe."

"Don't worry, admiral, I was optimistic with my estimations." War Minister Qin said, bowing just enough to be polite, and not a hair more. "A naval invasion of the nation that controls the water? An audacious move no doubt."

This bastard...

Zhao smiled tightly, "War Minister Qin, you have my thanks for extolling the effectiveness of my fleet. While many would be critical of your meagre contributions to the war effort, I have always been of the opinion that taking Ba Sing Se is always an admirable goal. I'm sure others would estimate your drill project just as optimistically."

"It is named 'The Great Piercing Drill of Ba Sing Se', Admiral. And it will succeed." corrected the War Minister with just as fake of a smile. "But you should expect more inventions from me. Ones that would overshadow whatever achievements the navy have claimed in the past decade."

"I have faith in you, war minister. Your recent failed altercation with some Earth Kingdom vagrants squatting in the Northern Air Temple notwithstanding of course." Zhao said flatly, He relished the moment when that smile disappeared from the war minister's face.

"My next invention will change the course of the world, you'll see. You can say that it will soar so high that all the world would see it."

"Waku waku..."

The child's comment caught Fire Lord Ozai's attention, his golden eyes briefly glancing at the pink-haired child. "Admiral, whose child is this?"

"Khan's administrative secretary, sir." Zhao supplied, before leaning forward to speak in a quieter voice. "She is the master assassin from the Garden who Khan had... recruited."

"I see." Ozai stroked his dagger-beard as he looked at Anya.

"A master assassin?" the War Minister looked outright spooked, already subtly glancing around for said assassin, "I trust you have thoroughly vetted such an individual, Admiral?"

Zhao kept his snort of derision to himself. The War Minister apparently didn't understand Khan's reasoning for keeping an assassin's beloved daughter close. He didn't waste time explaining it to him. Instead, he chose to address the Fire Lord. "Anya here has been enrolled at Toujin Island Academy for the past year and has proven her loyalty to the Fire Nation. She had another child burnt at the stake when the child's father was caught selling Fire Nation secrets to pirates."

Now that seemed to catch the Fire Lord's attention, golden eyes shone with interest as he looked down at the child. "Did she now?"

Despite being under the scrutiny of the most powerful man in the Four Nations, the pink-haired child nonetheless replied, "Hide deserved his steak burnt and eaten by ostrich-horsies! He was a bully and his dad was working with the earthbenders!"

"Indeed." Ozai graced her with a small nod of approval, " It is always pleasing to hear about a Fire Nation citizen doing her part."

"T-thank you, Fire Lord Ozzy!" Anya bowed low.

War Minister Qin protested, "But my Fire Lord, the master assassin in our midst is-"

"Not a concern. Her child is one of my loyal subjects, and you will treat her as such."

"... Yes sir."

The corner Zhao's lips tugged in a smile. It was good to know that the War Minister may be intelligent in some ways, but still so ignorant in the darker side of politics.

This little pink-haired girl was clearly the reins through which Khan controlled that Garden assassin. Raising her to be a loyal Fire Nation citizen would in turn would make her mother loyal to the Fire nation. It was not an uncommon tactic- flipping an assassin's loyalty, but it was always a happy occurrence when the option arose. Moreover, it was flattering that Khan chose him over everyone else to handle her- no matter how brief it may be. As long as this child was by his side, he had the determined protection of a world-class assassin. Yes, his friendship with Khan only continues to pay dividends.

"Khan has taught her well, sir." Zhao readily supplied to the Fire Lord. "I doubt Toujin Port will forget this child's... vivid lesson about loyalty anytime soon."

"I did good?" Anya sounded so child-like innocent as she searched for validation of her brutal execution of another child.

"You most certainly did." The Fire Lord said with a nod, "Even adults stand to learn from your display of loyalty, and we can only hope your peers will do the same. Dealing with traitors is every Fire Nation citizen's duty. Why, even the navy has a particularly amusing way of dealing with them on their ships. Don't you, Admiral?"

"You do, Mr. Jao?" Anya looked up at him expectantly.

"Yes, we launch those mutineering scum from our trebuchets." Zhao said, "Such... modifications to the ammunition usually cause them to explode in mid-air, but they certainly make a spectacle if we light them at night- looking much like shooting stars."

"Waku waku!" Anya exclaimed with an awestruck look in her eyes. "Mr. Jao, Anya wants to make a traitor into a shooting star and hit the moon with one!"

The Fire Lord graced her with an approving smile, "You will go far in the Fire Nation with that kind of attitude towards traitorous elements, child. They deserve nothing less."

"They don't?" Anya asked with a confused tilt of her head, "Are traitors just as bad as airbenders or waterbenders?"

"Much worse." Fire Lord Ozai nodded gravely. "That is why I mandated that they be executed first before any enemy prisoner, earthbender or otherwise."

"They're even worse than earthbenders?" The little girl gasped- unable to comprehend such a thing, but as the realisation dawned at her, her green eyes narrowed. "We should burn them at their stakes twice."

The Fire Lord blinked owlishly. Then laughed, actually threw his head back and laughed. "Oh, I forget the intoxicating innocence and enthusiasm of children! War Minister Qin, we should have the youth of the Fire Nation participate more in our endeavours. If this child is any indication, then children all across the Fire Nation are all yearning for more public executions- no, they should have an active part in public executions! The first to throw the torch even!"

"... I'll find Law Minister Yan and tell him to draft the legislation, my Fire Lord." Qin said in a bewildered tone.

"You'd really do that, Fire Lord Ozzy?!" Anya bounced on her feet- looking up with a starstruck expression, "Mm! The last one with Hide was sooo fun! Steak for everyone, and burnt stake for all the traitors! Anya thinks that all her friends would love that! Can we do shooting stars too?!"

"Of course, Of course! I am a generous Fire Lord." He graced her with a fatherly smile, "Executing traitors should be an activity enjoyed by the entirety of the Fire Nation! I will personally see to it that we have multiple methods of public executions available at all times. In every town and in every schoolyard. The children of the Fire Nation shall know the joys of burning traitors at the stake as you do!"

"Fire Lord Ozzy is the best Fire Lord ever!" She shouted.

"Naturally." Ozai chuckled, "So, I am counting on you to root out those traitors, Anya."

Zhao and the war minister shared concerned looks at Fire Lord Ozai even mentioning the child's name. He hated children, and believed that remembering their names was a chore that was far beneath him. But evidently, this tiny pink-haired girl standing before them was no ordinary child. She wasn't even as bad as Princess Azula.

"Yes, Fire Lord Ozzy!" the little girl gave an amateurish salute, "Anya's gonna find all the traitors and burn them all at their stakes and make the ostrich-horsies eat their crunchy, black meat and make them fly to the moon and everything!"

She wasn't like Princess Azula. No, Anya was clearly so much worse.

"I'm sure you will, Anya." Fire Lord Ozai chuckled fondly before turning towards Qin, "See, War Minister? The youths of our nation could learn a thing or two from this child. She's barely old enough to talk, and yet she already speaks nothing but truths. And so passionately too."

"Yes, My Fire Lord."

Bells chimed like the fluttery call of a toucan puffin cut their conversation short, and an excited murmur swept across the crowd as the fine wood doors leading back to the theatre swung open by their attendants.

"Ah, the play will be resuming soon. Splendid." Fire Lord Ozai smiled, "I wonder how Mulan will slay those wretched Earth Kingdom 'huns.'"

"Oh, it's gonna be awesome!" An excitable Anya threw her little arms in the air. "She's gonna get the baddies good!"

"Will she now?" he chuckled, "Come, you may sit beside me and give me hints."

"Uh, Papa Khan said not to spoil anyone, but if it's the Fire Lord... I guess he won't mind."

War Minister Qin coughed nervously, "My Fire Lord, seating a commoner in the crown princess' chair- however vacant- may send the wrong-"

Ozai's scathing glare made him snap his mouth shut. Meanwhile, Anya was looking outright ecstatic by the development.

"Really?! I get to sit in Princess Azoola's chair?! Thank you, Fire Lord Ozzy!"

Zhao quietly followed behind the two. Never had he felt so fortunate to have Khan on his side. Everyone associated with the man was getting their careers furthered, even a six-year-old girl was currently closer to the Fire Lord than their own Crown Princess! Khan was truly a fearsome character.

The corners of his mouth quirked. Khan was right about one thing: It certainly was good to have reliable friends.

(A week later)

It had been a flurry of mindless merriment these past few days.

Ostrich-horse races that wowed the crowds as they raced through the streets, various contests that drew in drifters and hopefuls from every corner of the Fire Nation, and a colourful festival lit by a hundred thousand lanterns. Suki and her sisters had a knack for organising festivities. I heard that they were as much of the toast of every tavern as I was.

High morale is always good.

Also, I don't know why Fire Lord Ozai congratulated me for raising Anya so well. But I guess, I'll take what I can get.

After Fire Lord Ozai and Fire Nation High Command approved of my play, I had sent letters to all the theatre groups I could find including the infamous Ember Island Players. A sizable grant for any who would perform my play, all thanks to the funds that the position of Chief Coordinator of the Great War Commemorations granted me. Nevertheless, people were going to be watching Mulan plays for a long, long while. But even now, the effects have been amazing. Finally, something that wasn't the tired old Love Amongst the Dragons or terribly dry like Azulon's Legacy. Something new and exciting. It was just the Fire Nation population wanted! And it showed.


[Quest - Out of the Frying Pan, and Into The Blizzard] Completed!

OUT OF THE FRYING PAN, AND INTO THE BLIZZARD​

Main Objective: Prepare for the Siege of the Northern Water Tribe before the armada departs​
​
Sub-Objective #1: Equip the entire 41st Division for arctic weather conditions (100% Complete)
Sub-Objective #2: Train the entire 41st Division to be competent in Arctic Warfare (100% Complete)
Sub-Objective #3: Double the Fire Nation Army's enlistment rate in this upcoming enlistment season (100% Complete)
Sub-Objective #4: Dedicate 70,000 Gold Pieces in war funds for this campaign (70,000 /70,000 Gold Pieces)​

Rewards:
Massive bonus exp
Perk Point x4​

+ R +

Level up Achieved!​

Name: Khan "The Giant"
Level: 10 -> 11
Level exp: 44/5000
Rank: Commander. 41st Division, Fire Nation Army.
HP: 168/1050
Strength: 89 -> 103
Dexterity: 86 -> 100
Constitution: 88 -> 101
Intelligence: 12 -> 14
Spirit: 57 -> 77
* 5 Perk Points Available.*
(Increase Intelligence to earn more Perk points per level!)


+ R +​

Lvl 100 Strength Perks Available:​
[Lvl 2] Power Move (Passive): You don't 'run.' You kick the ground until it takes you where you want to go. On top of your Dexterity, add (25% -> 50%) Strength to your running speed and jumping height.
[Lvl 3] Furor of Furious Fury (Active): Angry caveman powers, activate! For the next 4 strikes you make, your strength is doubled. Can be activated (2 -> 3) times a day.
[Lvl 3] Flex it off! (Passive): You feel a lot better after you pose and flex your muscles. On top of your Constitution, add (50% -> 75%)Strength to your Health points and Resistances calculations.
[Lvl 3] Overpower (Passive): Hit 'em hard when they're not looking, but hit 'em even harder when they are. Gain (40% -> 60%) bonus Strength against enemies that you're not outflanking.
Chainbreaker (Passive): Because safe words are for the weak and puny. Double your strength bonus when resisting any physical attempt to restrict your movements.
Inventory Expansion (Passive): Carry all the crap you could ever want and never need! Gain 4x more inventory space.


Lvl 100 Dexterity Perks Available:​
[Lvl 2] Parkour Prodigy (Passive): Running? On the ground?! Like some peasant!?! (Double -> Triple) your Dexterity bonus while performing parkour.
[Lvl 2] Riposte (Passive): A skill distilled from a billion hours in Soulsborne games. Attacking directly after a successful parry now carries a guaranteed crit. (The window to trigger the crit is 2 seconds from parry.)
Pickpocket Prodigy (Passive): Yes, you can actually steal equipped items; yes, that includes their underwear. Double your Dexterity bonus while pickpocketing.
[Lvl 2] Bullet Time (Active): Dodge the bullets that haven't been invented yet. Three times a day, slow time to (80% -> 70%). Bullet Time duration in seconds is equal to a tenth of your Dexterity stat.
Dodge Expert (Passive): Combine with Bullet Time for sick slo-mo scenes! Gain 25% to your Dexterity bonus for dodging attacks.
Prise de Fer (Passive): Swing your sword around enough and you become an expert in touching tips. Gain 25% to your Dexterity bonus for all your parry attempts.


Lvl 100 Constitution Perks Available:​
[Lvl 2] Iron Gut (Passive): Not to be confused with iron abs. (Double -> Triple) your Constitution bonus to resist Poisons, Toxins and illnesses.
Clench! (Passive): Brace your glutes! You gain 10% damage reduction for all attacks that you see coming.
[Lvl 2] Relentless (Passive): Be the Party Animal as told in the legends. You no longer require sleep, and all physical fatigue gain is now reduced by (25% -> 50%).
[Lvl 2] Berserker Rage (Passive): Your incredible anger is your weapon, you are... Karen Incarnate. Gain bonus Strength, Dexterity and Spirit proportional to your missing HP. Up to (200% -> 225%) bonus stats more at 1% HP.
Bulwark (Passive): You're like a penis- you get harder when you plant yourself somewhere nice. While standing still on a stable surface, gain 20% damage reduction for all attacks. Stacks multiplicatively with other damage reduction perks.
Second Wind (Active): The Kyoshi Warriors are never going to win over you in bed. Once a day, all physical fatigue is removed and you recover 5% of your missing health.

Lvl 50 Spirit Perks Available:​
It's not a Dance! (Passive): ... But it just might be a sex position. Double your Spirit bonus when learning/experimenting new bending styles and forms (and sex positions).
[Lvl 2] Spirit Rush (Active): Yes, overconfidence is now a power! Once a day, gain (20% -> 40%) bonus Spirit. Spirit Rush' duration in seconds is equal to a half of your Spirit stat.
Greater Chi Paths (Passive): For when it takes you too long getting your 'bending' up. Your Chi flows 25% faster. Allowing bending with fewer wind-up movements, or more powerful bending with normal wind-up movements.
Audacious Spirit (Passive): Is something draining the metaphysical life energies of your body? Just walk it off, lol! Whenever you're suffering from a debuff that affects your Spirit (e.g. Poison, blocked chi pathways, nighttime, cold temperature, etc.) Reduce that debuff's effectiveness by 33%.

* 5 Perk Points Available.*

+ R +​

... I neglected my Spirit stat so badly. But there was no helping it, it was going to be the least useful at the North Pole after all.

People were signing up in droves. There were lines forming out of the Enlistment centres, just as many girls as did boys. All in all, a very successful propaganda campaign.

As Chief Coordinator of the Great War Commemorations, Azula had been strict but terribly out of touch. She had intended for the commemorations to be a solemn and strictly military affair. As a royal all her life, the mindset has been ingrained in her that the common folk were more productive only when commanded by their betters. It was only partially true- people chafed under being compelled to do something, but cajoling them into it? Convincing them that what you want was what they wanted too? Graciously giving them a chance to do what you want? Now that was much more effective.

The Fire Nation was a people of passions after all, and propaganda loves strong emotions. Everyone saw what I wanted them to see.

To the civilians and the new recruits, I sold it as the reason why Fire Lord Sozin started this war- sharing the prosperity of the Fire Nation to the world. That if the whole world was Fire Nation, they'd enjoy all these things as well. That we were the good guys.

The veterans- the demographic that I really wanted to cater to- saw the propaganda for what it was. But a few nights on actual Fire Nation bed, eating Fire Nation food, prepared by Fire Nation hands... that was enough for most of them to stop bemoaning the blood on their hands just long enough for them to listen to the choice I gave them: Stay and melt their swords into ploughs, or to join us at the final push.

It was a false dilemma.

I had reminded them that the end was in sight. A glimpse of the peace and prosperity awaiting them after the war. We were finishing this war, with or without them. Everyone knew it. What were they supposed to do? Throwing in the towel and quit when they were so close to finishing things? Leave things unfinished and their sacrifices made meaningless? Miss out on the glory and honour? Regardless of their reasons, it lit a fire in their bellies.

I had expected about forty or so to take the easy way out to be honest. But out of the forty thousand veterans... no one did. No one could bear the thought.

For this force of forty thousand, they were ALL determined to see this war to an end with their own eyes, and by their own hands.

[Agna Quel'a]

The moon hung high in the night sky, casting a gentle silvery glow over the Northern Water Tribe capital of Agna Quel'a. The cool ocean breeze carried a hint of salt, and the tranquil waters of the Northern Sea glittered under the moonlight like a million diamonds floated in it.

Sokka barely noticed any of that- too busy stealing a glance at Yue. Her silvery white hair shimmered in the moonlight contrasted with her smooth caramel skin, and her serene expression mirrored the calm air around them. He couldn't help but smile. He was never the kind of guy who could just sit still in the quiet like that, but right now... he'd never felt as in peace as he did now. Just the two of them in their winter thick winter coats, standing close enough together that they could faintly feel each other's warmth. It felt so... personal.

"Copper piece for your thoughts, Yue?" he asked, leaning on the railing of their designated meeting bridge.

"Honestly?" Yue smiled playfully, "Can you keep a secret, Sokka?"

"Sure can!" He nodded eagerly, "I'm a great secret keeper, I keep all kinds of secrets for my sister, all the time!"

She frowned slightly before looking away, "On second thought... you'd think I'm being silly..."

"And that's totally okay!" He reassured her, glad that she hadn't been frowning from something he said, "Have some fun in your life instead of being stuffy like my sister. Not that you are stuffy, but- uh..."

Yue just laughed, a genuine laugh that tinkled like a perfectly tuned icicle-xylophone. It was the kind of sound that Sokka thought he could never get tired of hearing.

"Okay, but you have to promise not to laugh!" Yue said, hands on her hip and aiming a pretend pointed look at him.

"P-Promise." Sokka stuttered with a blush. Yue was just too cute when she was being playful.

She smiled, "Good... Because nothing's on my mind." Yue looked back up to the starry sky and clasped her hands as if in prayer, "Some nights, I just lose myself staring at the moon, just drinking in how beautiful the moonlit nights are. Do you think that's silly of me?"

"What? No, that's not silly at all! I mean... It's a pretty view after all. Very pretty."

Yue's blue eyes glanced at him for a moment and found that he was looking right at her when he said it. She turned away with a heavy blush across her cheeks. "Sokka... you're incorrigible!"

"I don't know what that means, but I'll take it!"

Then she laughed again, soft and pretty in all the ways that made his heart flutter. She smiled at him, "Thank you, Sokka. I think I'll sleep well tonight due to your company."

"Wait... does that mean that you haven't been sleeping okay?"

"It's just some bad dreams, nothing to be concerned over." She reassured him.

"True. Aang's been having bad dreams too, and I keep telling him it was just a bad cod-flounder sandwich."

"The Avatar has bad dreams too?" Yue echoed as if she couldn't believe it.

"Mhm." Sokka nodded, "It's always about the Fire Nation coming. But just look at this place. Who doesn't feel safe here?!"

An army of skilled waterbenders who could kick his butt patrolled the dazzling white ice walls, Towering, study pagodes of solid ice in white-blue hues stood in the cold air. From the Temple to the walls, the Northern Water Tribe Architecture had a grandeur that not their gran-gran's stories could do justice to. And flowing in between them all, an expansive network of flowing waterways snaked, making it seem as if they possessed all the water in the world.

"It does offer some feelings of security." Yue smiled, her warmly-gloved hand finding Sokka's. "But for me, what makes me feel the safest are capable people who care about me."

Sokka blushed at the contact before trying to brush it off with a joke, "Yeah, and then there's us. We can be like the protectors of this place, you and me. Team 'Sokkue' keeping watch over the North."

Yue giggled, "Team 'Sokkue'? Really, Sokka?"

"Hey, I thought it sounded cool!" Sokka grinned, "But, you know, we are a good team. Like the moon and the tides, always in sync."

Yue squeezed his hand, "I like that. And with you by my side, I feel like... safe. It's a comforting thought, Sokka."

"And for what it's worth, Yue... you make me feel the calmest and at peace I've ever been."

Again she blushed, but didn't say anything more this time. They just stood there together, the soft sound of waves below creating a peaceful atmosphere. The moonlit night felt like a comforting hug, and Sokka liked how simple and nice everything was. No big gestures or fancy words, just them enjoying each other's company.

While they kept looking at the Northern Sea, Sokka felt this strong sense that being in the city, with the calming water sounds and enjoying each other's warmth... that was exactly where he were supposed to be.

"Do I really?" Yue finally asked in a small voice, "Do I help you feel calm and at peace?"

"More than you know, Yue." He looked into the glittering Northern Sea. "This entire place does actually. I know that I have to leave someday. Back to Aang learning the elements, and back to the war. But for now... I can let myself relax knowing that in the following weeks at least, we're safe here. No worrying about shelter, no foraging for food while his stomach grumbled, and most important of all, no Fire Nation."

Sokka looked back and smiled at Princess Yue.

"For once, I feel completely safe."

[Fire Nation Capital]

"41ST DIVISION! ONWARDS MARCH!"​

The sun hung low in the sky, casting a warm, golden glow over the Fire Nation Capital City. It was a day of great celebration, a grand military parade that would go down in history. The people of the Fire Nation had gathered in the streets, their eyes fixed on the imposing procession of their last and possibly greatest generation of warriors before them. The heart of the city echoed with the thunderous beat of war drums, setting the rhythm for the armoured troops marching in perfect unison.

HONK! HONK! HONK!​

Atop bloodthirsty ostrich-horses barded in red and black, my mounted scouts in their crimson armour glinting in the sunlight with their feathered helmets and gleaming guandao glaves. Astride them, my 41st Division Raiders marched, swords drawn and shining with their deadly edges. With a single armoured hand, I raised the 41st Division's banner high, and the crowds looked upon us in undisguised awe at the armoured giant that led the Fire Lord's greatest elite warriors.

"WITH CRIMSON BANNERS UNFURLED AND HEARTS ABLAZE, WE DECLARE OUR DOMINION TO THE WORLD!"​

Following behind us, the 3rd Army marched. Their synchronised footsteps resonated through the cobbled streets, and the earth quaked slightly at our passing. But where the Fire Nation citizens lining the parade route was awed by my division, they wept in bittersweet pride as the 3rd Army marched by. Their brothers and sons and daughters and fathers and uncles and mothers. All Marching off once again for war. And these were their entire families who had sailed from their islands to see their loved ones for what could be the last time. But right now, there was little fear, practically burned away by the pride they felt for their family members.

They knew we were going to win, no question about it.

"THE WORLD SHALL BEAR WITNESS TO THE INDOMITABLE SPIRIT OF THE FIRE NATION!"​

Children perched on their parents' shoulders, their eyes wide with wonder, as they watched the tundra tanks adorned with crimson banners rumble by. Firebender tank commanders on their cupolas displayed their mastery of the element, sending fiery streams into the air, so hot that they warmed the faces of onlookers.

"OUR ENEMIES TREMBLE, FOR THEY KNOW NOT THE FURY OF THE FIRE NATION'S WRATH!"​

The crowd's energy was of infectious, feverish patriotism. They screamed and they cheered, waved little flags in their hands with the Fire Nation emblem, and chanted slogans in support of their troops. The air was electric with an all-encompassing fervour, as if the entire city was one beating heart, pumping for the Fire Nation war effort.

"THROUGH THE FIRE AND FLAMES, WE SHALL RISE! CONQUERING ALL WHO DARE STAND IN OUR WAY!"​

My division reached the town square. There on the balcony of the city keep that was practically covered in grand tapestry of red and gold, the Fire Lord stood in his grand red robes. His entire cabinet including Admiral Zhao was with him. High above them, Shadows seemed to move from rooftop to rooftop. Suki and her Kyoshi Warriors keep watch over the parade.

As I marched by the Fire Lord's balcony, Zhao and I shared a nod before the Fire Lord raised his hand in acknowledgement, his eyes like molten gold with determination. As the crowd roared in approval, he made it clear that the Fire Nation had set its sights on a new conquest- the capital city of the Northern Water Tribe, Agna Quel'a. After a few weeks of the 41st Division doing its part, Admiral Zhao's armada shall follow and set sail; and for the first time in eighty-five years, war will come once again to the North Pole.

"IN AGNA QUEL'A, THE NORTHERN WATER TRIBE'S ICY GRIP SHALL MELT BEFORE OUR MIGHT LIKE THE MORNING DEW!"​

The cheers grew even louder, and the people of the Fire Nation knew that their destiny was forged with fire of our hearts and ashes of our enemies. We were going to be one more conquered city closer to our Final Victory.

Agna Quel'a was going to burn.​


...

"And I'll keep you safe too, Yue."

"... You promise?"

"I promise."​

- A Grand Departure End -
​
AN:

This chapter occurs between the episodes... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 18 - The Waterbending Master) and (ATLA Book 1, Episode 19 - The Siege of the North). In canon, there's like a timeskip of several weeks (even up to two months) between those two episodes.

Sorry, I'm late... I cannot control my impulse to add last minute shitpost scenes like Anya's.

The Foxgirl votes are... too split, so I'm glad that I brought this up sooner. The main concern seems to be theme and character bloat. Given how significant the library is to the story, I need at least a named representative for the Knowledge Seekers. And for such an important character, I'd rather have an expy with a face and name that people recognise/like/love than an OC. A compromise then? Genuinely horrifying shape-shifting asiatic spirit who'd pluck out your liver and eat it in front of you, but... it's a long-legged fox girl. Right and proper "You really shouldn't stick your dick in that." character.

The next chapter is already available... Still haven't picked a site though. (Public Posting Date: 2024-JAN-19 EST)
Last edited: Jan 17, 2024
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like LikeReport
Like Reactions:You, Ghjikl, r1516 and 1,725 others
Infonticus
Jan 15, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 19: Yor Interlude New
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Jan 28, 2024
Add bookmark
#3,121
Chapter 19: Yor Interlude
AN: Non-vital interlude. This chapter is skippable if you don't like Yor or smut about her. Or if you don't like Anya scenes. Or if you would prefer getting to the action like I do.

My great armoured frame must have had me looking so out of place here.

The early evening in Hari Bulkan was like a water-colour painting, soft gradients of purples and blues. Street lamps, with their red Fire Nation flags hanging below them, cast a warm golden glow over the cobblestone paths. The grassy gardens of various estates flanked the path. A fragrant exhibition of rare flowers that were every colour. From bushes of soft red roses to yellow blossoms that climbed little trellis. A picturesque sight of the Fire Nation royal city. In contrast, here I was, all spiked metal and a leering skull-faced helmet that loomed over lesser men.

But then again, my companions were looking out of place as well. One of them was even sleeping on my shoulder.

"Munya..." the little six-year-old mumbled in her sleep. Her small frame wrapped in a cozy blanket, her pink hair spilling over its edges, and her tenderly sleeping face illuminated by the soft streetlight. She was the picture of innocence as she clutched her little Ozai plush toy and rested her cheek on her metal pillow that was my several centimetres thick pauldron.

"She looks so peaceful." a soft voice beside me noted, and I gave a sideways glance to my companion.

Yor Briar smiled up at me just as my eyes fell on her. Walking casually in her red sweater dress and stockings, she appeared to be just a beautiful if slightly air-headed woman. Demure with a gentle expression, but I knew better. I may be the one standing out the most, but I still posed less danger to the people here than she did. Slender limbs that belied her monstrous strength and speed, the coppery scent of leftover blood on her brass-plated stilettos that were hidden within the folds of her casual red sweater dress; and her eyes, a deep shade of red, that still occasionally scanned their surroundings with the sharpness of an eagle-hawk hunting for prey.

But right now, her eyes were settled only on me and Anya.

"Yes, she completely wore herself out." I replied, giving the softly snoring Anya in my arms a brief glance, "But children recover their energies as quickly as they burn through them- I'm sure she'll be up and energetic in the morning. Unless of course, eating that bucket of peanuts that was almost as large as her gets her sick"

"I'll try and get her to eat healthier for the next few days!" Yor said softly- reaching up to brush a stray hair from her daughter's face. "But it's nice that Anya enjoyed herself. Back when it was just the two of us, we weren't able to go anywhere special like this. Now, it's cruises, circuses, festivals and races... I don't think Anya and I have ever had this much fun together!"

Her smile widened.

"Thank you for giving us that chance, Khan."

"No need to thank me." I said. "It was all part of the job of making an enjoyable commemoration for everyone."

"But you didn't have to go this far for us!" Yor said, "You didn't have to have us around for most of the commemorations, or bring Anya along to meet the Fire Lord. She really liked that one!"

"Fire Lord Ozai also liked Anya a lot too. This little girl sure knows how to make friends. She's... " I paused, and chose my words carefully around the master assassin. "... likeable that way. I'm sure she'll grow up to be as... effective as you, Yor."

"I'm not sure about that just yet." She admitted, "But it's not all about me either, Anya looks up to you a lot too, you know?"

"Me?"

"She thinks that you being the commander of 'The big, tough Featherheads' is the most amazing thing." Yor giggled softly, "And she also loves how you can cook for her and make her toys and how you keep bringing her along on 'cool adventures' like in Hari Bulkan." Yor's gaze lingered on me, her voice growing soft with quiet admiration. "She really adores every second you spend time with her, you know? You'd make a really good father to Anya. I wish you'd still be around to help when I give her a younger brother or sister so that you can be a father to them too."

For being a good father figure to Anya...
{Yor Briar} Reputation : 89 -> 98

+ R +​

I coughed, "...That's quite the suggestive offer."

"Eh? What kind of offer am I suggesting?" She tilted her head with a look of apparent confusion.

"... Nevermind." I wasn't sure how to respond to that, so I just reflected the compliment back at Yor, "She's lucky to have you as her mother though."

"Maybe...I just do what I think is best for her." Yor's eyes softened, a blush creeping onto her cheeks. "But sometimes, I wonder if I'm doing enough. I can't do some of the things you do, like cook for her."

"You're doing more than enough. Anya loves you," I said- always more comfortable being on the offensive. I looked back at Yor, "If you'd like, I can give you some cooking pointers..."

Blood red eyes blinked in surprise before Yor cried out, "Ah, you'd do that? Even after the time I tried cooking for your men, and... uh... I'm sorry for that!"

"As I've said before, it's okay." I reassured her, "They deserved their super-diarrhea when they were the ones who foolishly dared each other try your bubbling purple goop stew."

"It was supposed to be meatloaf..." Yor said mournfully.

"I'm sure it was. Just promise me one thing; after I give you some pointers, practice? For Anya?" I asked gently. After all, it was much better to have her preoccupied and staying in one location than to be wandering around at night and possibly killing someone important in Capital City. And seeing that Yor- despite her bloodthirsty nature- seemed to genuinely care for her daughter, so I thought it was a good time to try and lightly nudge her in the right direction... which was coincidentally the last thing the 41st or I wanted her to be doing: practising cooking in the kitchen. Strange times and desperate measures, I suppose.

"Okay, I want Anya to be able to eat my cooking..." Yor smiled at me, "It's been a dream of mine."

Underneath my skull helmet, I smiled back, "Then let's tuck Anya in bed and we can start tonight. Something simple to form a stable foundation."

"I'll do my best!"

It wasn't long before we turned the corner to arrive at {Lotus Estate}. The entire south face of the expansive manor was cradled with bamboo scaffolding.

Seeing the place wrecked was such a sorry sight that never failed to fill me with determination. It reminded me how I was dead set to see Admiral Zhao live through this war. The man was not going to die, not on my watch. He was going to live, live long enough to... pay me back for the renovation costs after that unfortunate 'assassination attempt' on his life. I may be swimming in yuanbao at the moment, but it was the principle of the thing that mattered. If your friend's place got trashed as a consequence to stupid shit you did, the least you can do is pay him back for damages. I'm sure Zhao could afford it too, which was good, because there was a lot of damage.

~ Perfume & Weapon Oil: Abbey brand and Khan brand respectively.

Of course, the Kyoshi Warriors had wasted no time in making the bamboo scaffolding into a makeshift training course. It was a testament to how much their skills have grown that they were able to do it all without being spotted by the neighbours. I haven't had a single complaint. That or the neighbours were an unobservant lot. Both were equally likely to be honest. Suki and her sisters had become really good at what they did. And despite my stats, it was reassuring in a way- knowing that a squad of capable ninjas were guarding the premises.

The grand doors opened as an indentured Earth Kingdom servant in Fire Nation robes greeted us with a deep bow. "Commander Khan, Mistress Yor. This humble one welcomes you back."

"Home sweet home." My voice rumbled as we stepped into the estate. I nodded to Yor, "Why don't you tuck Anya in bed, I'll just go evac- I mean, get ready to cook."

The sleeping child mumbled a soft 'Papa...' as I carefully handed her to her mother.

"Okay, I'll come back down in a minute." smiled Yor as she cradled her daughter, heading up the mahogany stairs and to the bedrooms.

With the assassin preoccupied, I jogged to the stables. Appropriate for its function in housing diplomats, Lotus Estate boasted an expansive stable- a long aisle of stalls to house ostrich-horses and dragon-moose, and a parking lot for the carriages that they were going to draw. Pulling fat foreign dignitaries to tour the Capital City or other nearby locations. Some indentured servants were milling about, feeding and tending to some juvenile ostrich-horses who were too young to be ridden into battle just yet. Ever since Fire Lord Ozai passed that law about publicly executing traitors. We had a lot of fresh meat to work with.

Regardless, I jogged past them- looking for a specific person. And there at the end of the stables, I found her: The resident goth mercenary. On a grand bed of golden hay, her lithe frame in black riding leathers was propped up, drinking a bottle of wine in one hand and absentmindedly scritched the back of her massive shirshu's ears with the other.

With a smile, she waved me over, "Hey, what's the hurry, big guy?"

"June, I think you and Nyla should leave the premises for the night." I told her.

"And why should I?" June chuckled. "I'm nice and buzzed at the moment from some damn good fire wine."

"I'm going to be teaching Yor to cook tonight."

Coal black eyes widened in alarm and even her shirshu perked up. "Yeah, that'd do it. No need to tell me twice." June grunted as hurriedly climbed onto Nyla's saddle, "We'll just go on a leisurely hunting trip through the countryside then. I could go for some roast puma-goat haunch right about now. Also, wouldn't want Nyla's nose getting worn out with the fumes before the big day."

Nyla chuffed in agreement, the large anteater-wolf-mole hybrid already sniffing for the way out. Of all the mounts here, the great brown shirshu was undoubtedly the one who won't enjoy the scent- even from the otherside of the estate.

"Do me a favour and store this back in the cellar?" June said, handing me her wine bottle, "Still... you owe me for interrupting my wine time, Khan."

I considered the wine bottle for a moment before looking back at her, "If you bring back the rest of that puma-goat carcass, I'll cook it for you. Roast Puma-goat haunch with wine reduction sauce is good."

"Mmm... sounds good." A sultry smirk came to her dark-painted lips, "But only if you'll have me for dessert, big guy."

"Alright." I nodded. It wasn't like I had anything better to do at this point aside from keep morale up.

"It's a date then." June winked then chuckled, "But if you pass out from her cooking's fumes, do me a favour and hallucinate about me, okay? Hahaha! Come on, Nyla. Hyaa!"

Nyla broke into a gallop- the great -wolf-mole-anteater mount carrying its rider through the front gate and out to Hari Bulkan. No doubt frightening any Fire Noble out for an evening stroll. I'm sure June would have done it deliberately too.

I waited until she was out of sight before I addressed the thin stable air.

"You're free to keep your distance too." I said aloud. "I remember the last time when it happened, the stench clung to your kimonos."

From the dark corners of the stable, figures emerged from hiding places behind posts and bales of hay and other little nooks where long shadows were cast. Six girls gathered in front of me. With Fire Nation cotton casualwear draped over their slim frames and wearing fine jewellery of golds, silvers and jades...the Kyoshi Warriors would have blended right in, completely unnoticed as they walked among Fire Nation high society if not how they moved more like a coordinated pride of lionesses than soft Fire Noble girls.

Suki crossed her arms over her sizable chest and pouted, "Alright, how do you keep figuring out when we're watching?"

"By scent." I said simply.

Suki's blue eyes widened in surprise for a moment before she rounded on her sisters with narrowed eyes.

"Alright, fess up. Which one of you has been giving away our position by passing gas!"

"Not me! Pretty girls don't fart."

"So, you're admitting you're not above suspicion?"

"Hey! We all eat the same things though!"

"Yeah, Suki. You're the only one who can stand snacking on Fire Flakes!"

"Well, it doesn't give me gas. So if it's not gas, then one of you hasn't been showering properly!"

"Excuse me!?"

"I meant the Abbey perfume that you're all wearing." I clarified for the squabbling girls, "Don't worry about it- I just have a very developed sense of smell. But back to my question, Yor and I will be staying in the kitchen for the most part, but with her cooking, you never know."

"Hmm... What say you, girls?" Suki looked back to her five sisters-in-arms, and the Kyoshi Warriors' pretty faces shared unsure glances with one another.

"I don't think we should stick around, Suki."

"Yeah, we had to burn those kimonos because the stink wouldn't come off."

"I was almost worried it wasn't going to come off our hair too!"

"But if Khan's teaching Yor... maybe it won't be as bad?"

"Or what if another giant spider-spirit comes and we're not here!"

"We don't have to go far though... But besides that, Khan already made friends with it."

"And he solo'd the last one easy-peasy anyway!"

"More importantly, I don't want to risk smelling like Suki's dirty laundry again."

"Hey!"

"Wait, what if 'that' ends up happening?"

Whatever 'that' was, it made thoughtful expressions sweep over the Kyoshi Warriors. They shared a look with one another before nodding. They broke up the huddle and Suki turned back to me with a wide smile. "Looks like everyone's leaning towards 'Stay away while Yor is cooking.' So, you're going to be handling this one alone, Khan. You're a braver man than most- teaching Yor to cook."

"It's just something to keep her preoccupied until I can get a more secure kitchen built." I said, before appending, "And air tight."

"Well, good luck!"

They turned to leave, but I stopped them. "Wait, you girls are going to be heading out?"

"Mhm!" Suki happily nodded, her reddish brown locks bouncing, "We're just going to hunt down wherever the Lieutenant is training and force her to have some downtime."

"Oh, if that's the case, go right ahead." I laughed softly, gesturing to them to go with an armoured hand, "She's done nothing but train through my entire commemoration. Even I think that's too much, so make sure she enjoys herself. You have my blessing."

"Do we now?" the redhead echoed, a sly smirk creeping on her pink lips. Similar smirks also found their way on the other Kyoshi Warriors as well.

"Suki..." I grumbled in a warning tone.

But typical of them, the six girls just kept smirking as they walked off.

"Well, we'll see you later, Khan~!"

They were up to something troublesome, I knew it. But I had an appointment. With the most sensitive nose out of the premises, I could conduct my little cooking lesson with Yor without fear of putting my best tracker out of commission.

My seven-foot-tall frame turned on my armoured heel and marched back to the kitchen.

There was something very picturesque about a vintage style kitchen.

Stone tile floors lay like runways between the dark wood cabinets and the coal-fired ovens. August counters of varnished woods were topped with smooth marble. Cast iron pots and pans sat atop them, scrubbed clean and ready for use.Various hand-cranked versions of modern kitchen appliances sat patiently aside: rolling pin machines that had cranks like cement mixers, stand mixers that ran on muscle rather than electricity. Apart from the Asiatic designs on the furniture and the lack of scullery maids, this place wouldn't look out of place in Edwardian-era English manor.

Unsurprisingly, Yor was already there too- in the middle of tying an apron around her slim waist of her red sweater dress. Long black hair flowing down past her shoulders and down her back as her red eyes blinked at me as I ducked through the door.

"Eh? Are you going to cook with your armour on?"

"Actually, yes." I replied as I snatched an apron and tied it on over my armour. Keeping centimetres-thick armour between me and Yor's cooking seemed to be a reasonable safety measure.

"So, what should we be cooking tonight?! I already laid out some ingredients!" Yor said with a happy grin, gesturing to the pile of random ingredients that was set out on the countertop.

I held up a handful of colourful petals. "Are these... flowers from the garden?"

"Yes, to add colour!" She proudly stated. "My meatloaf didn't look pretty enough to eat. So, I was thinking, if we add more colour to it, it'll be better!"

"... You get points for enthusiasm at least."

"Thank you!" Yor smiled as she placed a melon on the cutting board, "So, what I like to do with meatloaf is add melons. I heard that melons are pretty healthy, so adding a lot of big chunks is really good! Then to make sure it isn't too sweet, I add pickled salmon. And then-"

My hand closed around hers- stopping her from committing a culinary war crime. "Let's start with something other than meatloaf for now, Yor."

"We should start with just soup for now." I told her. My [Trainer] skill was going to be working overtime raising her from negative one hundred cooking skill. "It'll be something that'll be easy to make on those cold days or when Anya is sick. Peanut Stew to be precise."

"Oh, I'm sure she'll like that!" Yor beamed and glanced over to her pile of random ingredients. "For that, I think we can still use pickled salmon and the-"

"No. Let's stick to the recipe for now." My eyes met hers through the eye slits of my helmet, "Now, do as I do. And no matter what, don't stray from the recipe, okay?"

"Okay!" She chirped.

(A few minutes) [The Royal Throne Room of the Fire Lord]

An Imperial Firebender pressed his helmeted forehead to the freshly waxed ashwood floor.

"My Fire Lord." His voice rang out, "Some of the nobles would like for you to know that a worrying plume of noxious fumes is rising out from Lotus Estate. It is unsightly and the messenger hawks of some Noble Clans have been affected."

"Ah, some good news at last." Fire Lord Ozai smiled thinly.

"Beg your pardon, my Fire Lord, but... that is good news?"

"Yes, indeed it is." Fire Lord Ozai stroked his dark dagger-like beard in contemplation, "Between his position as Chief Coordinator of the Great War Commemorations and his vital role in the upcoming siege, I was concerned that Khan would be too preoccupied to resume his alchemical research, but it appears that my worries were unfounded after all. This plume must be a byproduct rising from his laboratory- a sure sign that he is back at work. Truly, I should've allowed my future son-in-law more credit, it seems."

"But sir, five messenger hawks have already fallen ill flying through it..."

"Then they will need to learn to fly around it, won't they?" Ozai said tersely. The pointed leer of his golden eyes saying that this was the end of this particular discussion.

"I-I'll notify the Royal Aviary, sir."

"Go quickly." Ozai snapped at him, "Before the nobles' bleating reaches my ears again."

"Right away, my Fire Lord!"

[Lotus Estate's Kitchen]

"Yor, what did I tell you about adding things?!" My voice boomed through the toxic purple smog that rose from her pot.

"I'm sooorrrrry!" She cried out, "I was just so nervous about it not tasting right!"

"Give me a moment to clean this up." I sighed. Hurriedly, I put a lid on the biohazard and rushed it to the water closet. I covertly stored the pot and its foul contents in the stasis environment of my [Inventory], resolving to dump it all in a fire later. My armour also had stains on it. I stored my armour as well and tied my apron again over my red robes. Looks like I'm going to be bare-backing this second attempt.

"Okay, let's try again." I said as I walked out to see the raven-haired woman seated and sullenly downing the wine that June had left me.

"Mmm... I really don't have a knack for this, Khan." Yor confessed as she poured another glass of wine for herself. Her red eyes eyeing the liquid as she swirled it in her glass, right before sipping at it... which turned into a long gulp, then another. And before long, empty wine glass clinked against marble countertop. She sighed.

"You should just- Oh..." Yor's cheeks flushed a deep shade of red as she laid eyes on me without my armour.

I refrained from rolling my eyes. Yes, yes. [Pretty Privilege] working its magic. Maybe now, she'd listen to my cooking instructions instead of mixing up chemical weapons.

"Let's try again. Together this time." My voice said patiently, pressing up behind her, guiding her hands and making very sure that she doesn't reach for the pickled salmon again.

"U-uh, alright..." Yor squeaked as my bare hands wrapped gently around hers.

"Cooking is like a covert operation, Yor. It requires precision, first and foremost. Let's take it one step at a time."

Yor tilting her head all the way back to look up at me with her blood red eyes- all the while revealing the milky-smooth skin of graceful neck and generous cleavage as she did.

"You're so much taller than me." She whispered in apparent discovery.

"Yes." I agreed, "Now, carefully hold this knife and cut only the onion."

I held her hands as I guided her through the motions of chopping and seasoning. The mere fact that the chopping board wasn't cut into pieces like last time was a marked improvement. And soon, her cuts were deft chopping than hacking. Well, as deftly as a buzzed woman can be at least.

I couldn't help but ask, "How much did you drink?"

"Just a few glasses." The woman in my arms swayed- resting her cheek on my bicep. "Just enough to calm my nerves. It's working, isn't it? I feel so calm right now and warm. So very warm."

The master assassin could resist the deadliest poisons in the world, but was an utter lightweight. Surprising and unsurprising at the same time. I sighed, "Easy there, Yor. We don't want the stew to be the only thing getting stewed."

As far as dishes went, a peanut stew was simple- not too simple that it posed no challenge, but just enough of cooking processes to familiarise the assassin. The proper force to apply to her cuts, the thickness of each slice, the importance of prepping each individual ingredient properly. In particular, The process of adding chicken and peanuts turned into a test of dexterity, with my steady hands the only thing standing between our attempts to make a passable Peanut Stew and Yor's exaggerated gestures to try and turn the dish into another biohazard.

"The peanuts! Anya loves peanuts!" Yor exclaimed, waving the peanut jar and almost tossing the entire thing into the stew, jar and all.

"Indeed, she does," I agreed, deftly catching the container. "But we only need the peanuts in the stew, not the container."

"Right! Glass shards don't taste so good." She said with all the confidence of an expert. Then she looked up- the red blush still smoldering on her normally pale cheeks- as she said breathily, "Mmm... I like it when you hold me close and tight to you, dear."

"Yes, because we need to be careful with measuring out peanuts." I said as I measured out a healthy serving- just a bit larger than I normally would. Anya would no doubt appreciate it.

Yet, somehow, despite the tipsy mishaps and Yor's increasingly affectionate and longing gazes at me, we managed to complete the dish. I smiled warmly while supporting the tipsy woman with one arm. "Well, there were some close calls there, Yor. But the stew, miraculously, turned out to be quite palatable. Good job."

"Ya~ay!" Yor giggled as she leaned against me, her coordination waning and her words slurring. "Khan, you're such a great cooking teacher. I would have burnt down the kitchen without you."

"I'm glad that it went better than expected than the first attempt." I said- scooping another spoonful of the peanut stew, "We can leave this one for the servants, and we'll cook a fresh one in the morning when Anya wake up."

"Thank you, Khan. you've been an incredible father to her, too. I don't think we could've found anyone better for Anya."

"It's mostly because she insists on calling me 'Papa.'" I said with a sigh, "It's fine now, but you should gently start teaching her to call me by another name. It may hurt your chances if you decide to find her a father in the futu-"

"What if I don't?" Yor challenged before continuing in a softer voice, "What if I don't want to look for another man?"

Blood red eyes met mine with a determined, but pleading undertone. And the way she held herself so close to me. There was no question to what Yor was meaning.

I thought about it. Despite her mass murdering preferences, Yor Briar was a very attractive woman; and more importantly, wasn't actively hostile like Azula was. Possessing the full, lush body of a grown and very beautiful woman. Wide hips, a large bust that made me wonder how someone like her could be an incredibly strong assassin. With all the curves and softness of a mother, or at least, a woman more than ready to be a mother. Well, her reputation with me was already at 98... may as well I had to wonder what kind of companion skill I'd get if I maxed her out.

But despite all the practical reasons to do so, I still respected Yor for the sheer competence she has in her field of expertise. Being upfront was the least I could be.

"I'm waging a war of conquest, Yor." I spoke softly too, "I can't be the full time father that you want me to be."

"But... " She smiled, pressing her body against me as she looked up. "You've still done an amazing job, more than anyone else ever could, I think. You made a home for us here- by your side. For the first time in my life, I feel like I fit in with people here in the 41st. People who don't look at me strange because I'm strong or fast or that I'm an assassin... No, they even look up to me. And Anya... Anya loves it here, and she loves you a lot too. You're her hero... Let Anya and I be there by your side in the end. Please."

Well, there wasn't much reason to say no, was there?

Yor let out a long, hot sigh of relief as I captured her soft, wine-flavoured lips. And a heated moan followed soon after when my hands ran down her side where the soft fabric of her sweater dress that barely hid her curves. We stayed in the kiss for a few minutes. Just me running my hands across the sinfully well-endowed body of this very sexy milf. Our combined endurance meant that we could hold our breaths very well.

When I finally broke the kiss, a hot- almost feral- energy coursed in the air around us. Slender hands gripped the front of my robes in an ironclad grip. And a hungry look shone in her red eyes as she murmured, with a voice full of need, "Bedroom. Now."

She lunged in for another kiss- hotter and more demanding. A 180 from her usual personality of a soft-spoken mother.

My arm snakes around her waist and I lifted her effortlessly, her long powerful legs wrapping around my torso as I carried her upstairs. Far from bothered by me grabbing handfuls of her pantyhose-covered ass, Yor just moaned into kiss and ground her hot centre over the front of my trousers, I found that her stockings and her panties were not enough to fully hide away how hot and wet she felt. Growing wetter with every second my fingers were sinking in the sinfully soft flesh of her ass; and with every step found me grinding my hard-on against her needy, covered slit- almost squelching each time as it kissed my cock through the fabrics.

"You're so hard." She whispered hotly, putting more pressure on her hips and moaning slightly for it. It was unclear how much of it was the wine talking and Yor's own wants. Likely both, drink doesn't make you say things you don't want, only things that you normally stop yourself from saying.

It was a miracle that I was able to navigate the corridors and up to the master bedroom like that.

Bathed in the soft moonlight, the plush bed of red silks and satins, more than an inviting sight. And when I deposited the horny milf onto it, it became even more inviting. She has apparently been wanting this for a while, but now she was just downright impatient. The moment I deposited onto the bed, Yor wasted no time. While kneeling on the satin sheets, she reached down with her slender hands and lifted her red sweater dress over her body. The clothing landed with a soft hush on the other side of the room- leaving her half naked in just her plain black underwear and dark pantyhose.

Underneath the slipped straps of her black cotton underwear, her smooth pale skin gleamed, illuminated by the quiet moonlight glow. The flimsy pieces of fabric- clearly a size too small- strained against the swell of her breasts and her ass, the curves of her motherly body coming dangerously close to spilling from it.

Yor sat at the edge of the bed, and there was a hush of pantyhose brushing against each other as she crossed her long legs- giving a glimpse of her soaking wet panties as she did. Her blush redoubled, as well as her breathing. A tongue glided over her dry pink lips.

Then, she looked at me with her blood red eyes and whispered something that was enough to make any man diamond hard.

"I need you to make me a mother again."

"You're making it hard to hold back." I replied as I stepped closer to her, gently pushing the sexy mother back down onto the mattress.

"Then don't hold back. I can take it." She moaned softly, her raven-black hair sprawled onto the soft expanse of the mattress and her slender arms raised above her head- purposefully leaving her body defenceless for me to explore.

"I'm all yours." She moaned, pushing her chest up towards me- offering it to my hands. "You... I want you to touch me."

I took her up on the offer.

She whimpered as I ran my palms across her half-naked body. I reach behind her to unhook her bra and lifting the fabric away. Now free, her ample, firm breasts swayed naked and exposed to the bedroom air. Generous round heaps of smooth vanilla topped with pink peaks hard in the quiet chill, and doubly sensitive with arousal for it. It's a feast for my eyes, and her soft panting breaths only heightened it. The sight of her curvaceous bust, her narrow waist, and the motherly swell of her wide hips nestled in dark pantyhose lit a primal urge in me.

Her soft voice moaned- high and sweet- when my hands met her bare chest- kneading and squeezing at the smooth creamy globes. My fingers almost sank into soft titflesh, and she moaned louder when those hard tips dragged themselves along the surface of my palms.

"More... please!" She moaned. The rhythmic roll of her hips grazed a picture of brazen desire. And squeezing her thick toned thighs together. Dainty toes- still encased in the dark fabric of her pantyhose- curled and uncurled from undeniable pleasure. "Don't keep me waiting. Ah?!"

Yor's gasp of arousal accompanied the sound of both her pantyhose and her panties tearing underneath my fingers. The sheer fabric giving way from an almost effortless tug, and exposing her sex- puffy pink lips swollen and slick with her arousal- to the cool air.

"Good, I wasn't waiting either." My voice rumbled. This milf was quite literally begging to get bred after all.

Her red eyes glanced down her body to where she was now exposed, and then up back as I undid my robes. "H-how were you able to fit that in Suki and the others?"

"With practice." I said simply as the head of my swollen member nudged against her entrance, the heat radiating from her pristine pussy lips and the ensuing slickness that welcomed me made my cock throb against her quivering folds. And with a swift, deep push of my hips, I breach her untouched core, sheathing my large cock completely in her gripping tight pussy.

"Ahhhhnn~!" The wordless scream of her lyrical voice reverberated against the fine dark wood of the bedroom walls.

The sensation of her hot insides welcoming me was unreal– the sultry wet heat, the snug fit of silky feminine folds, and the squeezing pulses of her virgin inner walls gripping tight and relentlessly milking my shaft for more. There was not a chance that I could have ever held back. I moved even faster, each thrust claiming more and more her virgin depths.

Through the waves of pleasure rocking her sexy body, pleasure-borne tears welled up in her eyes and her voice fluttered out again, gasping out, "F-faster, please! You feel so good in me!"

Feeling generous, I fulfill Yor's wish. I reached down and lifted her long pantyhose-clad legs up- folding Yor over until her knees rested on sides of her swaying breasts and this thicc milfy woman's slick, needy holes were presented to me in a mating press.

Her red eyes flew wide open. "Th-this is-! Oh! Oooohhh~!"

I started to drive into her with renewed vigour, my every stroke sinking my thick shaft into her delicate pink pussy and sending her juices splattering on the fine satin sheets. Then the delicious little bump at the end of the thrust- the undeniable sign that the tip of my cock reached the bottom of her well. The possibility- the threat- of me cumming right in her womb and furiously knocking her up only made her screams grow even louder- more animalistic- as I was practically hammering away at the door to her baby room with each thrust. And practically driving her wild as she clawed at the red satin sheets and goaded me on.

"Don't stop… Ah~!" She helplessly cried out, "Right there... RIGHT THERE~!"

Alongside each encouragement from Yor, my movements grow erratic, powerful, desperate. Every plunge deeper into Yor's eager and very welcoming depths, I can feel myself reaching the end of my rope. The look on her face - the parted lips, heavy-lidded eyes, the flush on her cheeks... The constant friction... the seductive squeeze of her inner walls around my shaft...

"Give it to me, love… I need to feel you spill in me! Make me a mother again! Cum in me and get me pregnant!"

...and every incredibly lewd encouragement. All of them were relentlessly chipping away at my self-control.

A particularly delicious squeeze of her inner walls around my cock made my grip on her ankles slip, and before I knew it, powerful legs wrapped around my waist, pulling me closer, urging me for more. The primal instinct flared up- the need to erupt inside of her and breed this willing milf until she got what she was moaning for and had her very fertile womb filled up with my seed.

In a moment of lucidity amidst her screaming, Yor's desperate whisper filled the air. "I want you to cum inside me and give Anya a little brother or sister!"

After that particular plea, there was a change in the rhythm in how her hot folds were milking me- taking on a desperate tempo- begging for me to breed her.

I nod, thrusting my cock even faster into her in pursuit of our inevitable climax. Her pleading tone, the taste of her on my tongue, her pantyhosed legs around my waist- they were all pushing me over the edge, and I was determined to take Yor there with me. Her screams rose ever higher as I trapped Yor's pretty pussy between the mattress and my pounding hips. Eventually, I felt the coil tighten within me. And with one last powerful thrust, I came inside Yor.

Yor locked her long toned legs even tighter around me, almost enough to bend iron, ensuring there wasn't anywhere to go but deeper into her thirsting womb as she screamed out.

"YESSSS~!"

The orgasm was much more intense when the woman was so loudly screaming to get her pregnant. Possibly the most that I've ever shot in a single climax. Shooting rope after rope of cum right against the back wall of her womb- steadily filling her up.

Eventually, when she realised that her womb was finally stuffed full with the last of my semen, her legs fell from my waist and down to the bed. A frazzled and breathless Yor lay with a dazed look in her blood red eyes. Between her thighs, the red sating was a ruined mess from her juice, but her pussy lips shut back into a quivering pink slit- greedily locking the steamy contents inside her.

Yor leaned up to kiss me- slow and sweet. And when we broke it off, she whispered softly, "Thank you."

For giving her hope for the future...
{Yor Briar} Reputation : 98 -> 100

+ R +

Reputation with {Yor Briar} at 100! New Companion Skill unlocked!​

[Defensive Massacre] - Whenever a nearby injured ally is threatened- be it a lone allied soldier against an enemy squad or a squad's heroic last stand against a boss enemy- you will always have a way to make them safe... by killing everything in the immediate vicinity around them. Against enemies threatening your ally, you gain bonus Strength, Dexterity and Spirit stats that scale with the threat. Multiple threatened allies do not stack their effects, but the highest available stat bonus is always applied.

+ R +​

The hand cradling on her belly was all that needed to be said about what she thought this 'hope' was.

(An hour or two later) [Behind a false painting]

Suki quietly munched on her Fire Flakes as she hung out with her Kyoshi Warrior sisters (plus an Honorary Kyoshi Warrior) in the dark, hidden pathway between the manor walls. Because of course it did.

An estate for foreign dignitaries? Of course, the Fire Nation would put measures in place to spy on them! It was only common sense and maybe proper international etiquette. Suki would bet all her gold pieces that the Fire Nation embassy in Ba Sing Se was similarly chock full of hidden entrances and pathways too. Some of them here in Lotus Estate were very cleverly hidden too. So clever in fact that she'd have to remember how to look for them when she was searching for hidden passages in other buildings. But right now?

Right now, Suki put that knowledge of hidden passages to very good use: By spying on the Flame-Daddy-in-Command finally sleeping with his secretary.

"A-are they done?" The Lieutenant (And Honorary Kyoshi Warrior for the next few hours) asked with a tiny squeak- her face burning up in embarrassment so hotly that Suki thought she could feel it through the other girl's helmet.

"Yes." Suki smirked as the Lieutenant lowered her hands from her helmet. She wasn't to point out that there was a gap between the other girl's armoured fingers. "For now, at least."

Immediately, the Lieutenant rounded on her with an accusative tone, "You said you had the commander's approval for a secret mission!"

Suki just shrugged with a smirk. "Nope, that's what you assumed. We had Khan's blessing to pull you out of your training session." Suki said, her smile growing wider, "But close enough, right?"

The Lieutenant visibly fumed at the deception, but let it slide.

"I was never here." The Lieutenant shook her head before aiming a firm stare at her, "I was never here. I never saw you tonight.And I definitely never saw anything."

"Ok." nodded Suki.

Amethyst violet eyes narrowed at how quickly Suki gave ground. "I-"

"-never saw us tonight." Suki said solemnly.

"And I was never-"

"-here and definitely never saw anything."

The Lieutenant glanced at Suki's quiet sisters- as if daring them to say anything. But when they didn't the Lieutenant simply nodded, clearly satisfied that they were acting reasonable for once.

"Thank you." She said with a sigh, before squeezing past the redhead, "Now excuse me, I have to go and-"

"-masturbate to the thought of Khan."

"Yes. Mastur- I mean. NO!" She whipped her head towards the smugly smiling Suki.

"Gotcha, Lieutenant~" She sing-songed as she turned towards her silent sisters. "Girls, we finally got her!"

"Ugh, I thought the Lieutenant wouldn't admit it over a cheap trick!"

"Hah! Fork over those gold pieces, losers! You bet against the wrong Ostrich-horse tonight!"

"...I can't believe that the Lieutenant let us down like this."

"True, I thought she'd be deeper in denial over Khan's cock."

"Nah, Suki's acting really is just that good."

"Suki!" The Lieutenant lunged to grab her by the throat, but even in the lack of space, Suki dodged it easily. Except...

There was a clatter as loose gold pieces fell to the wooden floor.

"Wait, my winnings!" Suki cried out.

"It's mine now!"

"Finders Keepers!"

"Hey, le'go! I just want mine back!"

A stray punch here, an off balance foot stepping on toes there. And soon after, it devolved into a brawl in the cramped space.

Lying awake in the bed, I kept myself from glancing to the side as the sound of footsteps and girlish bickering rang out from within the manor walls.

"Khan, are those..." A drowsy Yor mumbled as she lay nuzzled into my side.

"Just pretend you don't hear them." I told her gently, "I certainly will."

"Mmm... okay."

(The morning after)

Anya should have known: Peanuts were always the answer.

What's the secret to sleeping the best sleep she'd ever had? Eating a big ole bucket of peanuts. What's the secret to waking up bright and ready for the day? Eating a warm bowl of peanut stew for breakfast. What's the secret to making her Mama finally ride her Papa's chicken in a way that made it count? Also peanut stew.

Anya was enlightened.

Peanuts made the impossible possible. Because apparently, while she was sleeping, her Papa had done a miracle and taught her Mama how to cook! Her Mama? Cooking things that can be eaten? She thought only the Fire Lord was capable of big miracles, but her Papa had just done it. Maybe next he'll make blind people see or lame people cool? No... wait, her Papa was betoothed to Princess Azoola- She didn't know what that meant exactly but she knew that he was going to be the next Fire Lord. Yes, the miracles were likely because of that... and peanuts. He used the combined power of peanuts and the Fire Lord to make her Mama be able to cook. The Peanut Lord? Did that mean that SHE was going to be the Peanut Lord one day too?

.... Anya didn't know if she was ready for that kind of supreme power.

She looked up from her yummy, steaming bowl of peanut stew and across the nice wood table to where her Mama sat- smiling and blushy and giggly. The nice happy music like someone strumming pippa strings came tinkling from her Mama's head too, that was always a good sign. It was even louder than usual!

Meanwhile, her Papa sat beside her in his huge metal armour and skull-helmet with his green eyes shining through the eye holes. So cool.

"... Do you understand, Anya?" His deep rumbly voice asked her.

Anya blinked. Oh, right. She was supposed to be listening to something important. "Eh, sorry?"

"In short, I've asked your Uncle Zhao to let you and your mother stay with him on his Empire-class flagship for the duration of the siege."

"Ah, Anya's going to go on her secret mission too?!" She almost shouted.

He paused to think about it for a second before nodding. "Yes, I suppose it is a secret mission." He chuckled, "Your mother's going to be guarding your Uncle Zhao and keep him safe."

"Waku waku!" She grinned, a shiver running through her at the thought. She always wanted to have her own secret mission just like her Mama, Suki and the others! Sneaking around and climbing walls and poking holes in people! So. Cool. Then her telepathy caught a stray thought from her Papa.

~ I'll have to alert Zhao to the possibility of Waterbender Infiltrators...~

"Eh, danger?" Anya asked, "Hidden waterbenders?"

"Yes, actually. Good instincts, Anya." Her Papa said- looking at her impressed. He paused for a moment, then his great big metal hand reached forward and... patted her head. Metal fingers brushing over her pink hair, putting a soft pressure on the top of her head. She didn't know why that was, but... it sent a ball of fuzzy warmth tingling in her chest when he did that. It was like Peanuts, but in touch form!

"Uwah... Thank you, Papa..." Anya sighed happily as she leaned into the touch.

"Yes, I suspect that waterbenders will try to get on the ship and hurt him." He agreed, taking his hand away from her head much to her disappointment.

"Traitors that need to be burnt at their steaks?" Anya asked, now determined to make him even prouder of her.

"Waterbenders disguised as Firebenders? Technically not traitors." he mused, "But they need to be burnt at the steak regardless. That's why you should stick with your mother at all times. Even on the biggest ship in the fleet, it's not perfectly safe."

Anya nodded. "Because there could be evil waterbenders disguised as the good guys. But what if Anya finds one?"

"Point them out to your Mama or Uncle Zhao." He said immediately, "You have to be very, very sure before we start burning people at the steak, Anya. You don't want to get a loyal Firebender executed, would you?"

"Never!" Anya shook her head fiercely, "Good guys should never have their steaks burnt!"

"And that's why you have to ask uncle Zhao and make sure they're really bad guys." he said calmly.

"Anya understands, Papa!" She smiled big at him, "Anya will be sure to make only traitors into shooting stars!"

"Good girl, Anya." Her Khanmander Papa smiled again , once again reaching out and softly patting her head.

"Anya loves you, Papa..." She sighed, closing her eyes and leaned into the touch. "Anya's going to find all the traitors."

Yes... She was going to make her Mama and Papa proud! She was going to show those evil, evil waterbenders the power of Peanuts!

(A few decades later) [Air Temple Island]

"Spirits... she did what at the North Pole?!" Korra flipped the page of The Saga of Anya the Evil and promptly looked in horror at what she was reading.

"What do you mean she was never put on trial for that too?" She demanded at the silent pages. Then she read a few more sentences and the horror just built up in her in a little ball of dread, "Are you telling me that Anya got away with everything?!"

"Wait a minute." She muttered, unable to shake that nagging feeling that something was out of place, "If Khan left Anya the Evil with Admiral Zhao and the Armada... then where did he and the 41st Division go? I must have skipped a page."

Flipping through the pages, Korra soon realised that she did not in fact skip a page- the book just didn't have an answer at all. She flipped through her other book, The Romance of Princess Azula. But that same problem just popped up. History seemed to skip a step.

"No way, that can't be right." She grunted. Her books didn't have the answers she wanted, but she knew where she could get them.

Snatching her books with her, Korra rushed out of her room and into the cool air of the bay. Her brown hair whipping around as she turned this way and that- until she found what she was looking for. There! An elderly air acolyte in the usual orange and red robes serenely swept the walkways.

"Hey..." Korra flashed a smile, "Do you know where Jinora is?"

"Jinora?" The aged air acolyte furrowed her wrinkled brows, "She should be having breakfast in the dining hall right now, Miss Avatar."

"Thanks a bunch!" She waved, already beating feet for the dining hall. A single question burning a hole in her thoughts.

How did Khan actually manage to invade the greatest and most heavily-fortified coastal city in the Four Nations?

- Yor Interlude End -
​
AN:

This chapter occurs between the episodes... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 18 - The Waterbending Master) and (ATLA Book 1, Episode 19 - The Siege of the North). In canon, there's like a timeskip of several weeks (even up to two months) between those two episodes.

Had some disastrous plot holes... that only got pointed out just before I was going to post last week's Friday. It was apparently a deus ex machina of astronomical proportions that it possibly could have made the entire fic fall off at the climax too. So... back to square one with rewriting three chapters, here we go. (╥﹏╥)

Kind of wrote myself into a corner with Yor too... there was no good way to insert her character development. And to give her character development now is astronomically difficult because it would compromise the pacing. This is not my best smut. Speaking of which...

I wrote and rewrote this entire chapter in the two days... I took one last look at the original slice-of-life chapter with its serene, heart-warming romance... and found it incredibly boring. So, have a slightly less boring, slightly more shitpost-y, slice-of-life chapter.

Update some time in the next thirty days...
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:SamuelAtomizer, Ghjikl, r1516 and 1,465 others
Infonticus
Jan 28, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 20: Writing History
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Feb 4, 2024
Add bookmark
#3,206
Chapter 20: Writing History
[Fire Nation Capital - Harbour City]

"The invasion force is prepared and awaiting your directive, Commander." The Lieutenant's voice cut through the silence of the cruiser's war room.

"Ahead of schedule. Excellent." My voice rumbled. "Tell me, Lieutenant, did they teach you about the North Pole on your island?"

"No sir."

I gestured her into my war room.

My seven-foot frame armoured in steel as thick as any tundra tanks, cast a long shadow across the metal walls of the cruiser's war room as I stopped beside my map table. My skull-faced helmet fixed intently on a specific location on the map before me: The North Pole. The flicker of the torches cast a soft, undulating glow on the map, highlighting the contours of the North Pole continent.

"Agna Qel'a, a mighty fortress sitting on the edge of the most desolate places in the Four Nations." I told her the name of our prize. "Hard to reach and even harder to conquer. Impenetrable, contemporary military experts claim. And its great walls have withstood the sieges of a dozen lesser armies across its history. The Northern Water Tribe has spared no effort in making it so, for good reason. The Southern Water Tribe has all but ceased to be a nation, and now Agna Qel'a is the last holdout for true Water Tribe culture. If this citadel was to fall, the Water Tribe will be effectively finished off in this war. It is our shining jewel sitting in the ice and snow just waiting to be claimed, and all we need to do is take this specific axis of advance from here..."

My gauntlet-clad fingers traced a route from the Fire Islands to this fortress in the ice, and the Lieutenant's eyes followed, quietly considering our axis of advance.

"... To here."

A tap. Right in the heart of Agna Qel'a.

The way those amethyst purple orbs widened told me what she thought of my plan. But her whisper still followed, "This isn't going to be like Omashu."

"But the principle is similar." I pointed out, my eyes never leaving the map. "Omashu fell because they underestimated us, because we struck where and when they least expected. Agna Qel'a will share the same fate. We will have the elements of surprise and raw fighting strength to turn the tides in our favour."

I paused, my gaze fixed on the path I traced out across the North Pole. The echoes of history whispered through the chamber. In the 13th century, Chinggis Khan faced a similar challenge with the Khwarezmian Empire. The great fortress of Samarkand stood between him and the Khwarazmian trading capital of Bukhara, just as Agna Qel'a stood before us now. By virtue of a stroke of tactical brilliance, he conquered them both with relative ease. Time will only tell how successful I'll be in adapting the strategy used there to here.

"History awaits our move," I murmured. "Like Chinggis before us, we will turn the impossible into the inevitable."

The Lieutenant's helmet nodded, understanding the weight of the moment. "Then the troops and I are ready to follow you into history, Commander."

But there was something off in her scent as it drifted through the air. Hesitation.

"Something on your mind, Lieutenant?"

"Permission to speak freely, sir?" She leaned forward, her voice lowered slightly, as if about to share a deep secret.

I nodded in turn, "Granted."

"I've been in correspondence with Fire Nation High Command these past few days through Admiral Zhao." She revealed. "The consensus is that you've become too valuable to risk, commander. Getting Fire Lord Ozai to even listen to a marriage request for his daughter has been immensely challenging, but not only did you have the Fire Lord consider you, you actually succeeded in acquiring the betrothal. High Command wants to advise you not to go through with this plan- they would rather have one of our own from the Fire Nation Military as prince-consort rather than some Fire Clan Noble who has been lounging in his manor and snacking on Zankan cherries while we fought this war, tooth and nail."

"And he couldn't tell this to me himself?"

"Admiral Zhao said that you needed to hear this from a soldier from your own division, sir." She solemnly said- looking me right in the eye, "The 41st Division can and would execute this operation without you risking yourself, Commander. You've trained us well. Give us the chance and we'll make you proud, sir."

"And personally? How do you feel about that, Lieutenant?"

She didn't hesitate to answer, "Personally, I think If there is anyone in the Four Nations who can lead a suicide mission from the frontlines and come out unscathed, it would be you. But..." Her amethyst purple eyes searched mine as she spoke, softer and more candidly, "... I agree with the admiral. I d- the troops- don't want to see you injured, commander. Coordinating this operation from a distance still seems a reasonable choice to make. We won't respect you any less if you decide to coordinate the offensive in a manner befitting more your rank- far from the frontli-"

I raised a hand, cutting her off mid-sentence.

"Without my personal attendance, casualties will be all too high. And that is wholly unacceptable. I will have everyone in the 41st be there to see Agna Qel'a fly Fire Nation colours. Including you, Lieutenant. So, don't try to stop me."

"I lack the rank to do so, commander." She said, the soft smile audible even with her helmet on, "It'll be an honour to break another enemy stronghold by your side."

"The honour is all mine."

"Commander Khan, I..." A hesitant tone tinged the Lieutenant's voice. She clearly had something else she wanted to say. A favour no doubt. Maybe for any family she had here. Given that this may be the last time that we may see the Fire Islands, I was willing to grant it too. But she just looked away, glancing back at the map, "... I was wondering if the armada will support us, sir."

I nodded. If the Lieutenant wanted to keep it to herself, that was fine too.

"They will play their part... in due time." I smiled, just a touch of smugness in my deep voice. "But our initial move will set the stage for a swift and decisive victory. They will tell of this campaign through the decades, the day we outmaneuvered the Water Tribe in their own snow-covered homeland."

"For the Fire Nation!"

"For Fire Nation." I stood up straight- looking away from the map, my strategy clear in my mind. "Tell the captains to cast off, and cage all the messenger hawks. No correspondence in or out of the fleet. From this point onwards, the 41st Division is going dark. And by the time anyone fully realises where we are or what we have done. The Water Tribe will be effectively finished off in this war."

"Sir, yes, sir!" She hurried off to relay the order.

As I turned away from the map, the shadows in the room seemed to dance with the promise of impending and total conquest. Agna Qel'a would be ours, and with it, a new chapter in the Fire Nation's legacy would be written.

I stepped out of the war room muttering under my breath a phrase that I borrowed from Zhao.

"Let's write history."​

(Several decades after the Great War) [Air Temple Island]

A pair of books slapped dully against dining table, followed by the scraping of chair against wood floor, then by the sound of her toned Avatar butt depositing itself on said chair.

"Okay, I give up. How did he do it?" Korra asked, leaning forward and settling a serious look on the airbender girl sitting across from her. "Both of your books mention how fun the Fire Nation commemorations were with their ostrich-horse racing, their feasting, their parading and their traitor-burning. And also, how poor Princess Azula wept for the future of her nation as Anya the Evil practically replaced her. But then it just skips to the part where the Siege happens; and suddenly, Khan is in the middle of Agna Qel'a wrecking stuff up! Were there missing pages or something? How did Khan get to the centre of the city that not only held off the Fire Nation for as long as Ba Sing Se did, but also was in the middle of icy North Pole where Firebending is practically useless? Just... how?!"

Still mid-bite of her crispy salad greens, Jinora replied with a bemused smirk, "... Well, that's one way to start a conversation, Miss Avatar. Not even a 'Good morning' for your airbending teacher's eldest daughter?"

"Good morning, Jinora." was Korra's flat response.

"Yes, it sure is a good fine morning, isn't it?!" the younger girl beamed, and Korra just stared back with bags under her eyes.

"You're going to keep avoiding my question, aren't you?"

"May~be?"

"Jinora, please? It's been bothering me, I have to know!"

"Oh, you're so easy to tease, Korra!" The airbender girl just laughed, "But I'm glad to see that you're enjoying the books as much as I did. Have you finished maybe one of them? Maybe both?"

"More like 'maybe neither.'" Korra sat back with a scoff, "I just finished reading the part about the Siege of the Northern Water Tribe where Anya the Evil was doing her usual evil things but with boats. But then I realised that they never once mentioned how Khan managed to cut straight into the centre of Agna Quel'a."

"Fair, but I'm surprised that you don't know about that part." Jinora said, taking another crunchy bite of her salad, "I mean, this is Water Tribe history, and relatively recent one too. Didn't you have private tutors teaching you since you're the Avatar?"

"Yeah, about that..." Korra chuckled sheepishly, scratched the back of her head, "I might have been struggling to master firebending at the time, okay? I wasn't exactly focused on Water Tribe history then... or at all. But besides, who even pays attention to history lessons anymore? Everyone knows what happened during the siege. It's the battle that made Admiral Zhao the Magnificent famous after all, and that kind of once-in-a-millenia battle sticks in people's memories."

"Understandable." the airbending brunette nodded, chewing, "I've read that Avatar training is intensive. Getting you to enjoy reading about history is enough for me."

"Let's not go too far... maybe just the cool parts for now." Korra said, eyeing the covers of her two books, The Romance of Princess Azula and The Sage of Anya the Evil. "It's been pretty neat reading about all this. Seeing these names and hearing these stories, something about the Khan just feels very familiar to me. Like I've met him before..."

Jinora stopped chewing.

"Something wrong, Jinora?" Korra asked.

"Nothing's wrong." the younger girl laughed, "I'm just wondering how you can't see why he's familiar when you did face him off in your previous life as Avat- Grandpa Aang."

"It's not like I remember any of that."

"True, but if you don't mind me asking though..." Jinora began in a casual tone, her grey eyes looking up from her salad to stare at Korra, "... Why do you want to know so badly? You don't need this kind of history trivia if you just want to impress a guy. Just what's in the books should be enough."

The stare was just a mite too intense for Korra, enough to send a small shiver down her spine. "Just call me curious, I guess?" Korra tried to laugh it off- looking away with a careless shrug of her shoulders. "But you know me- I'm a sucker for these kinds of stuff. Training, pro-bending... Anything that has a lot of punching and bending really."

She glanced back at the younger girl who was smiling again.

"Well, you're in luck." Jinora winked playfully, "The Great War was a hundred years of punching and bending. More so in the parts where the Khan is involved. If you're enjoying this much, then I'm sure you'd enjoy the rest too. I can point you in the right direction!"

"Maybe I'll even take you up on your offer!" Korra laughed, "And since we're back on the topic... mind answering my question now? How was Commander Khan to get behind the Northern Water Tribe's walls and in the heart of Agna Quel'a. In the middle of one of the greatest battles in the war? Because on one side, the entire city was being guarded by all the waterbenders in the North Pole. And from the other side, it was getting hammered by the trebuchets of hundreds of Fire Nation cruisers."

"That's because he didn't." Jinora quipped with a smile, but that only made Korra more confused.

"What are you saying?"

She leaned closer with a smile as if sharing a juicy piece of gossip. "I'm saying that Khan and his 41st Division were in the North Pole and operating to take Agna Qel'a down long before the Fire Nation Armada even arrived."

"But that's impossible!" Korra refused that answer, even as she tried to make it make sense in her head, "Was the North Pole a lot different than it is now? Because last I checked, Agna Qel'a sits in one of the hardest places to get to in the whole world! From the front, nothing but a hundred miles of iceberg-riddled sea. And from the back, a hundred more miles of frozen wasteland. And you're saying that he just casually sailed up there, past all the Water Tribe patrols?"

"Yes." was Jinora's casual reply.

"Bull-pig." Korra responded.

"Well, actually... there was one ship that could have stopped him."

"An infamous Fire nation force would ring some alarm bells." Korra shook her head, "I know for a fact that waterbending skimmers can outrun a cruiser for a day- long enough to scurry back to Agna Qel'a. So why didn't that water tribe ship sound the alarm?"

"Simple." Jinora said, smirking. "Because it wasn't a Water Tribe ship."

(Present Day) [Northern Sea near the Fire Nation Colonies]

"Not good enough," Zuko muttered under his breath.

He launched into kata yet again. His boots thudded against the ship's metal deck as he moved through the precise steps. Dense bolts of fire shot from his fists, like flaming arrows shot towards the western horizon, and dissipated a fair distance off the port side of his ship. His topknot swayed with the rhythm of his movements, yet his frustration only grew with each unsuccessful attempt. His tempo was still unsteady, his breath control still uneven, his firebolts still too feeble and overall, it was just...

... still not good enough.

But as he prepared to do another kata, the echo of fat footsteps on metal halted him. Exhaling in irritation at having his training interrupted, he turned and saw his Uncle Iroh approaching. The wrinkled lines on the older man's face were more pronounced today, but Zuko just ignored it.

"What is it, Uncle?" He grunted- wiping the sweat off his brow with a rag.

"Nephew, I have something important to tell you. News from the Capital city."

Zuko scoffed, "I'm surprised that they still bother to update you on matters of the Throne."

"I still have many friends in the Capital City." His uncle smiled wistfully, "Friendships can last decades if formed on a strong foundation, and I have founded them on the strongest foundations in the Four Nations: the Pai Sho table. We still keep in touch through letters from time to time, and sometimes, they relay news to me. This is one of the few times when it is of great import."

"Is this about the Great War Commemorations?" Zuko said with a sigh, "If it is, I don't want to hear it. I can care less about the other soldiers celebrating and relaxing. The Avatar definitely isn't relaxing at the North Pole: He's probably mastered Waterbending by now! Meanwhile, while I'm still struggling with the kata you gave me more than a week ago!"

"An element is an immense primal force that demands proper respect from its benders, Prince Zuko." His uncle calmly lectured him, "Mastery of even a single element is an undertaking that takes many years, even for the Avatar. But no, this isn't about the commemorations, Prince Zuko."

"Then what is it about then, you old gasbag?"

He watched as his uncle Iroh's lips tightened with that hesitation that was so unlike him. Amber eyes just looking straight into his. He was starting to get worried as some seconds of hesitant silence passed them by. But finally- with a heavy sigh- his uncle spoke, "It is about your sister Azula."

Zuko arched an eyebrow. That was it? That was the topic that had the old coot so worried? Zuko expressed exactly what he thought of her: By scoffing in derision.

"And why should I care about what she's up to?" He growled, already marching past his uncle.

"Because, Prince Zuko, I just thought you deserved to know when your own sister has been betrothed."

Now that caught Zuko off guard. He stumbled over his own feet, his jaw hung loosely in shock as he whipped around to face his uncle. Several times, he tried to speak out, but the words kept eluding him. His mouth opening and closing until finally, he managed to blurt out in an incredulous voice.

"My sister, Azula, is betrothed?"

Iroh solemnly nodded, his hands tucked in his red sleeves.

"Impossible." Zuko shook his head, "That would mean that she either found not just a guy who was interested in her, but also one who she liked enough to accept a marriage proposal from... Or, she managed to mess up so seriously that father decided she'd be better off getting married off to some Fire clan noble! And I just can't see 'Miss Perfect Prodigy Daughter Azula' doing either. It sounds like your senile letter friends just wrote you a whole lot of ostrich-horse droppings!"

"It is no mistake, nephew." Iroh said calmly, "The Fire Lord had stripped her of her position as Chief Coordinator and gave it to her betrothed. And from what I've gathered, it was a betrothal personally arranged by the Fire Lord himself. Formal enough that he had announced it to select noble clan heads and high ranking officers. Naturally, he did not see fit to inform me- her uncle- of this."

Zuko ignored his uncle's disappointed tone during the last sentence, he was still focused on one specific fact.

"Azula... She screwed up?"

His uncle just whispered softly, "Is it so hard to believe that your sister would make a mistake?"

"Yes, this is Azula we're talking about." Zuko replied. "I just can't believe it. Her, Father's favourite who always met his expectations and who was always showered with praise for it... messed up this up badly?"

"So badly in fact that Ozai had apparently imprisoned her for it." Iroh confirmed.

"Well, I for one am glad that she finally got her due."

"Are you really, nephew?" Iroh looked at him sadly, "Are you really glad that your sister has been imprisoned by your father?"

Zuko didn't answer, saying instead, "It doesn't matter how I feel. Who did father even choose as her betrothed, uncle?"

"I suspect Fire Lord Ozai was motivated by-"

"Who is it, uncle?"

Iroh hung his head, "The commander of the 3rd Army's 41st Division."

Zuko's eyes widened in recognition, quickly followed by a sneer on his lips.

"That pillaging barbarian who people keep mistaking me for?! He's the reason why I can't even show my face in the colonies without either being showered in praises or glares for things that I didn't do! That's the one who my sister is betrothed to?! That's-!" He paused in his tirade as he actually thought about it, and he quickly changed his tone to a more level one. "Actually, if he's anything like the rumours say, then they definitely deserve each other. My horrible sister can be a horrible person together with her betrothed."

"She is still your sister." His uncle gently admonished him.

"And?! As if your relationship with my father is any better!"

Something tense and painful flashed in his uncle's face, but it was only a brief flash. Iroh spoke in a sad tone, "Azula... She is not Ozai. She is still young, and not set in her ways. It is not our place to judge her too harshly so quickly."

"But we haven't seen her in two years, uncle. Two years!" Zuko bit back, "For all you know, she might have become so much worse, worse enough that even you would think that she needs to be taken down!"

"You don't know that." Iroh protested, "And that is not very kind to say, Prince Zuko."

"Azula never had." He grunted, shaking his head with a frustrated sigh, "Figures. Even when Azula failed so badly, all father would do to 'punish' her is by giving her some barbaric 'war hero' as her betrothed. It sounds less like a punishment and more like father just found the perfect match for her. Besides... with how much trust and freedom Commander Khan gave those Kyoshi Warrior turncoat girls, then I think my crown princess sister is getting off easy!"

"Nephew... your sister just lost your father's faith in her, and now she's imprisoned in Hari Bulkan." His uncle reminded him. "And from what I've been told, the Commander has not been... kind in his treatment of her."

Zuko just heaved a heavy sigh of frustration, leaning on railings and looked westwards, towards the Fire Islands. Towards home.

"What do you want from me, uncle?" He growled, "After everything Azula has said and done to me, should I be feeling sorry for her now? Should I be angry that she's getting treated the same way she has treated me and everyone else over the years? And should I be the one extending my sympathies when her only problem is that she disappointed father for the first time while I stand here- stripped of my birthright, banished from my home and wrestling with the huge challenge of taking down the Avatar himself? Is that it?!"

By the end of it, his voice had risen to a shout as he glowered at the old coot. And to his infinite surprise, the old man met it head on.

"What I want is what you need, nephew!" His uncle Iroh- like a rising fire- raised his voice as well, "Your life isn't just a shadow of your sister's, Zuko. You need to stop comparing yourself to her, and to start measuring yourself by your own deeds and by your own heart! To be the master of your own destiny!"

Iroh exhaled, lowering his voice back to its calm rumble as he looked at him.

"But most of all, young prince.... you need to stop seeing Azula as a standard that needs to be met, and more as..."

"As?"

"As your little sister." answered Iroh.

Zuko had nothing to say at that.

"Your entire life doesn't need to be measured in how it compares to your sibling's." the old man said with a soul deep sigh, "And maybe- if Destiny smiles on you- you won't grow mad from it. Now more than ever, family is important."

Having said his piece, it was Iroh's turn to walk past him- heading back down below deck. Zuko was content to watch him walk away before the pieces suddenly clicked together in his head.

"Wait, uncle..." He called out to the older man, "Just now, you were talking about you and father too, weren't you?"

General Iroh stopped for a moment, but did not turn to face him or even glance over his shoulder as he spoke, "Azula needs her older brother more than you think, Prince Zuko."

Zuko knew that the most he'd get out of his uncle. So he let him walk away.

Instead, he settled back into his stance, focusing intently on his training. He needed to be strong enough, not just to confront the Avatar, but to face the tangled Spider-snake web of family and honour that constricted him.

As he moved through the firebending kata, his thoughts drifted to Azula. The idea of her as a helpless princess locked away was almost laughable, yet a part of him couldn't ignore the pang of... something at the thought of his sister in such a state. But these thoughts were overshadowed by the sheer need to capture the Avatar first. He can sort his feelings over family matters about it when he was allowed back into the Fire Islands again... and when his father allowed him back into the family as the Crown Prince- as his son.

When Zhao's armada sailed for the North Pole, Zuko would be at the vanguard. He would not let anyone, not even his new brother-in-law, stand in his way. But just as he was about to resume his kata, one of his firebenders, clad in red armour, approached briskly.

"Prince Zuko, we have a situation at the bridge. Visual contact with a sizable pirate fleet to our west. A looted cruiser and several junks, sir."

"Heading?" Zuko asked without breaking his stance.

"Northeast by North, but there's nothing north of here, sir."

"Pirates raid the Northern Water Tribe sometimes." Zuko remembered the Waterbending scroll that the Avatar's friend had swiped from pirates. "Send a spot report to Fire Nation Command about the fleet, and notify me if they change course. Now clear the deck; I'm resuming training."

The firebender snapped a salute then departed. Alone again, Zuko's mind wandered back to his uncle's words, echoing with a weight he couldn't shake.

"Not just a shadow of Azula, huh?" He muttered before resuming his firebending, The fire was denser and hotter, and each movement more determined than the last. And as he launched the last firebolts in the kata, the full weight of what he needed to accomplish pressed on him – his confrontation with the Avatar at the North Pole would be more than just a mission; it would be a chance to step out from under these shadows and earn his right to come home.

He was going to come home and take his place as the rightful Prince of the Fire Nation. Not his future brother-in-law.

"I'll make you proud and capture the Avatar, Father." Zuko whispered, hoping the cold ocean wind would carry his quiet promise south-east and to the Fire Islands, "I'll be the first Fire Nation soldier to step foot on Northern Water Tribe snow."

[The North Pole]

The virgin white snow of the North Pole crunched underneath my armoured Fire Nation boots.

My large armoured form casually hunched over the little campfire sitting in the snow, and tossed the arctic penguin-fish eye into my bubbling alchemy cauldron with a soft plop. I stirred it around until the notification popped open.

[Dew of the Mountain: Frostbite]

Radiant blue in hue like icebergs and a sweet aroma that could tempt even the most stoic of Fire Nation warriors, it truly is a testament to what happens when Fire Nation warlords moonlight as mixologists.

When consumed, a shiver runs through the drinker's body, granting them a tiny silver of the power of the arctic mountains. The stamina regeneration as expected from the Dew of the Mountain allows the drinker to push beyond their usual physical limits without succumbing to exhaustion. But now, it also bestows the gift of night vision to its drinker, enabling them to see clearly in the darkest environments, as if the nights in the arctic were as bright as its days. An invaluable asset for missions in the dark, possibly revealing threats that would normally lurk unseen in the shadows. Moreover, this elixir seeps into the drinker's bones offers a robust resistance to cold, protecting its drinkers from the biting chill of frosty climates.

A single sip and brave warriors shall have what they seek- the strength to weather the cruel weather of the arctic. Ice within and ice without.... All with a pleasant explosion of melon and sweet prune flavour!

Apart from one's eyes glowing slightly in the dark, there are no side effects. Contact your local Fire Nation Giant for more details.

+ R +

Made by: Khan (Herbalism Level 21)

Ingredients: Mountain Dew, Melonyam, Sea Prunes, Arctic Penguin-fish Eye

Effects:
(+7%) Stamina Regeneration for (22) hours
(+6%) Fortify Waterbending for (11) hours
(+8%) Cold Resist for (11) hours
Nightvision for (24) hours

+ R +​

"The Fortify Waterbending will be useless for firebenders like us." my deep voice rumbled. "But the rest of the effects will be invaluable for the coming operation. I wish it didn't start sounding like a TV advertisement though."

Nodding, I quickly storing the fizzy drink into cans. I was in the process of packing up my cauldron when six figures in dark Earth Kingdom green cloaks trudged up the snow to approach me.

"Has the 1st Cavalry Scout Squad found our contact yet?" I nodded to them.

Suki's blue eyes shone through the narrow opening in her winter cloak as her soft voice slipped the answer through the chill air, "June and the Lieutenant should be coming back any minute now. And... I really thought Zuko was going to pick a fight and blow our cover back then."

"It was good that he didn't." I muttered, "I would have been forced to sink his ship to maintain our disguise as pirates."

The Kyoshi Warriors shared a look between each other.

"Aw man... now I'm disappointed that he didn't try anything!"

"I wonder how red his face would have gotten if we had to sink his ship in front of him."

"His crew is really small... Do you think we could have recruited him?"

"Yeah, we could have used another servant boy around. That's true."

"Or a Tsungi Hornist. Or a clown. Lots of employment opportunities for Zuko."

"Hey Khan, do you think he knows that you're betrothed to his sister yet?"

"Uncertain, but all the same, I'm not looking forward to that conversation." I admitted. With luck, Zuko wasn't going to swear vengeance against me for furiously assfucking his sister or something. It's a shame that I couldn't even complete her bonus objective before I had to leave too. The entire Royal family- save for Fire Lord Ozai- continues to be a headache. I sighed, "How's the disembarkation process going, Suki?"

"Last time we talked with the 2nd Company?" She clarified, "They'd be almost done by now if I remember correctly."

"We're making good time then." I turned around to survey the process at a distance.

Down by the shore, the 41st Division disembarked from the fleet of pirate ships anchored in the cover of an glacial inlet. The dark red and black fabrics of their specially-crafted (Exquisite) [41st Division Frostguard Greatcoats] (Of Cold Resist) contrasted starkly against the white of the snow. In hindsight, I should have introduced the concept of camouflaged uniforms, but damned if my division didn't look like an intimidatingly fashionable bunch of imperialist soldiers right now.

"HONK!"

Our Ostrich-horses, those great brown birds, looked unbothered by the arctic conditions. Barded warmly for the arctic conditions and fitted with their own special snowshoes, they strutted over deep snow and through the brisk arctic air as casually as they did back in the milder Earth Kingdom winter. Their armoured riders helped with the disembarkation process- gestured with their lanterns, and their yells of direction echoing.

Finally, our valuable equipment and supplies hit the snow. Loaded onto the caravans and coaches- all which had been converted to sledges- they glided easily across the snow- drawn along by powerful draft Ostrich-horses.

The sight of my division, a sea of red and black against the white snow and our division's proud banner waving in the arctic winds, filled me with pride. We were more than just a military force now; we were a symbol of the Fire Nation's military might now. Because after tapping into the final wave of recruits for this enlistment season, the Fire Nation sorely needed another big win to build the momentum. So, it was up to us to bring about a swift victory here in the North Pole and bring the Agna Qel'a to its knees, and with it, the last bastion of Water Tribe resistance.

A sudden feeling surged through me- telling me that the recon team was right there. And half a moment later, Suki's voice announced it.

"They're back!" she called out- apparently the first to spot them.

Over the crest of an ice ridge, a great barded shirshu bounded with an explosion of snow, shortly followed by an armoured flock of Ostrich-horses in Fire Nation colours. The powerful creatures galloped to a stop right in front of me, kicking up snow.

"Hey, big guy!" June greeted- looking comfortable in her thick winter coat- lined with furs and highlighting her dark painted lips and purple eyeshadow. She sent a laidback smile my way, "Did you miss us? The Lieutenant here definitely missed you. Should've heard her. Couldn't go one sentence without mentioning you. It was cute."

"Commander, sir!" The Lieutenant just saluted from atop her Ostrich-horse, her black and red greatcoat clinging securely around her bright red armour.

"Judging by the smiles, you found our contacts?" I ventured. A lot was riding on them after all.

"Mhm, we found your frozen little friends alright." June hummed, "Miss Lieutenant over even had them follow us."

"You led them here?" I aimed the question to the Lieutenant.

Her feathered-helmet dipped slightly from a brief nod. "They claimed that the previous rendezvous point was recently buried under a snow storm and was no longer viable, sir." She explained, "So I made the call to arrange an alternative point. Just a few hours away. I'll submit to whatever disciplinary action for overstepping my authority, sir!"

"At ease, Lieutenant. It was the right call. We're in a rush to burn our enemy's capital down after all."

"Thank you, sir!"

"Can you tell me about their disposition and fighting strength?"

"Wary, but willing to listen, sir." the Lieutenant answered, "As for fighting strength... about division strength? It's hard to estimate, sir."

"I wouldn't go as far as that." June scoffed. "Relax Khan, I think you'll like what you see."

"Good enough. Let's go meet them." I said, standing up from my cauldron before glancing at the Kyoshi Warriors, "Come one, ladies. After a long boat ride, there's nothing like a trek through the countryside."

"Yeah, I just wish it wasn't this country." Suki grumbled as she and her sisters followed along in their snowshoes.

"I don't think our face paint was made for these kinds of temperatures."

"Yeah, sure does feel like I'm wearing a mask made of snowflakes right now."

"Aw. You poor things." June cooed before patting the saddle behind her, "I got space for five of you up here with me."

There was a brief scuffle in the snow as the girls fought for the spots. Squawks of indignation as they tripped each other up in the snow, but in the end, it was rendered pointless, because one Kyoshi Warrior didn't make a move for it.

"Suki?" I said- the silent question hanging in the air, and she just smiled up at me.

"I'd rather walk with you, Khan."

Underneath my skull helmet, I smiled. She didn't have to, but I appreciated it all the same. I looked back.

"Alright, 1st Cavalry Scout Squad!" my voice boomed, "Let's go meet our newest friends!"

(Decades Later) [Air Temple Island]

"So that's how they got to the North Pole...." Korra said as the pieces slowly clicked into place for her.

Her blue eyes were fixed on the book, specifically on the map of the North Pole included in The Saga of Anya the Evil. Her brown finger hovered over a specific point on the map.

"That's what he did, didn't he? Those were the pirate ships that ambushed the Khan on his way to recruit Anya the Evil. The same ones that the Khan boarded and claimed. He used them as a disguise to transport the 41st Division across the Northern Sea!"

"Clever, isn't it? Clever and devious." Jinora casually remarked between bites of her salad. "Using the ships of a known pirate fleet, the Khan managed to move the entire 41st Division across the Northern Sea. No Water Tribe patrol would dare stop a large fleet of pirates for an inspection; but at the same time, it didn't give the Northern Water Tribe any reason to believe that a massive Fire Nation armada was coming, or that the Fire Nation was invading at all."

"The perfect disguise..." Korra muttered, more to herself than to the airbender. "... But why go so far? Why even do that when he was just going to wait for the Armada to arrive?"

"Waiting for the Armada is what you'd expect from a normal Fire Nation officer. But the Khan wasn't." Jinora said, a glint of amusement in her grey eyes. "He wasn't exactly a man known to be slow or timid."

"No way... you can't be telling me that he attacked Agna Qel'a before the Armada even arrived!" Korra laughed the idea off.

Jinora took another leisurely bite of her salad, "No one thought that Omashu could be taken within a single week, by a single infantry division either. Not the Earth Kings, not the Fire Lord, and not a single general on either side of the war. But the Khan did it anyway."

"Now I know you're messing with me!" Korra laughed again, a twinge of doubt crept in her voice, "An armada of two hundred Fire Nation cruisers had to be sailed in just to hammer down those coastal walls, the Khan had just one cruiser and four junks with him- it was impossible! And even if he got inside, thousands of Waterbenders call Agna Qel'a home! The 41st Division would have been outnumbered ten-to-one at best! And all that while they're in the North Pole where the freezing cold makes firebending challenging, even for me! And I'm the Avatar! That'd be absolutely freaking nuts!"

The airbender girl said nothing, choosing instead to smile at Korra with a smug, knowing expression.

"...He totally did, didn't he?" Korra exhaled as she lay back on her chair.

Jinora chuckled, "You know, you wouldn't be sounding so confused if you had just paid attention in your history class."

"Yeah, yeah. I hear that enough from my teachers, but this is just adding more questions than answers."

"I think it's still the same question." Jinora said with a shrug of her shoulders, "But instead of 'How did the Khan get inside Agna Qel'a?' the question now is 'How did the Khan get inside Agna Qel'a without the rest of the Fire Nation backing him up?'"

"Well, I got nothing!" Korra grunted. "As far as I know, he just snapped his fingers and used spooky spirit magic to get him and his division to Agna Qel'a just as the Armada arrives."

"He didn't." Jinora mumbled mid-chew.

"Well, this just isn't something that a firebender could have read about in books!"

"It wasn't."

"Between the arctic ice plains and the iceberg coastline, the North Pole is impassable unless you were a local or had big freaking battleships. It's why Ice Dodging has been a coming-of-age ritual for the Water Tribe for the last thousand years! Hugging the iceberg-riddled coastline with a boat is just that damn tough to pull off!" Korra fumed, and Jinora took another casual bite of her salad.

"It is."

"... And you're having too much fun seeing the big dumb Avatar think, aren't you?"

"I am!" Jinora chirped with a bright smile.

"Give me a break." Korra exhaled in frustration, her theories crumbling one after the other in her head. "You're a lot less help than I expec... Wait a minute. Jinora, what if there was someone from the North Pole who could have helped the Khan find a way, maybe even guided him?"

This time, Jinora didn't have a quippy answer, but her smile and subtle nod was all the confirmation Korra needed.

Korra leaned back, her mind racing for a moment before sputtering to a halt. She shook her head. "Forget it. No one in the Northern Water Tribe would-"

"If not the Northern Water Tribe, who else?" Jinora pressed, "Think, Korra. Think about who else knows the North Pole and Agna Qel'a like the back of their hand. About who has an axe to grind large enough that they wanted nothing more than to see Agna Qel'a burn."

Korra leaned back, thinking hard. Until finally, she looked up. "No... not them."

(Present Day) [The North Pole]

The sound of panicked screaming echoing from a burning Agnas Qel'a...

That was how Avatar: Legend of Korra introduced the {North Pole Barbarians}. An army of armoured, hammer-wielding strong men who laid waste to the Northern Water Tribe capital. An impressive feat seeing as- by the time AtLoK came about- the Water Tribe city had only grown in size and technology. A massive modern city... and they still had the balls to attack it and ruin the Northern Water Tribe's day. In short, they were my kind of people. But more importantly, they were in possession of knowledge that I wanted. Needed, actually.

They knew how to attack Agna Qel'a.

That was why the 1st Cavalry Scout squad and the rest of my companions were accompanying me here- through the stark, white landscape that began to merge into a blur of endless snow and ice. The meeting point, as it so happened, was at a place you'd expect in the North Pole.

"A forest... in the North Pole?" Suki muttered in mild apprehension as we entered the shadow of such a place.

Indeed, a dark forest of great trees- larger at the base than Tundra Tanks- stretched for kilometres before us. Thousands upon thousands of light brown trunks spiralled upwards- twisted like rope. Their winding branches stretched far- holding up a thick green canopy like gnarled fingers lifting up your blanket in the dead of night.

"One of many ancient forests scattered across the North Pole." I explained- drawing from meta information that I learned from AtLoK. "This place is hallowed ground, I believe, said to be inhabited by spirits. Best not to anger them by destroying their supposed homes."

'Spirits.' The word was enough to make my entourage of Kyoshi Warriors and Cavalry Scouts wary- their mittened hands rested on their weapons' hilts and their sharp eyes watched the dark corners of the forest with distrust. After that incident with the Knowledge Seeker, I didn't blame them.

Spirit Check succeeded! (62/50 Spirit Required)​

"Sir..." The Lieutenant murmured, armoured hand tightening on her reins as her eyes locked at a large forest clearing ahead. A great conglomeration of rounded igloos had been erected across the snowy clearing.

"I see them." I confirmed.

Suki and the Kyoshi Warriors subtly turned to me- their eyes gleaming underneath their cloaks, "Khan, should we..."

'... circle around and prepare to strike them from the rear if things go wrong?' was the silent question.

"No, they of all people know better than to try and spill blood on hallowed ground."

"Ok." Suki's voice whispered back, "But our katanas lie ready, waiting on your word."

As we approached the clearing, the Buffalo-Yaks, grazing on what scant bushes and moss that could be found, nervously whinnied away as our Ostrich-horses leered hungrily at them. The sound drew out the people from their igloos, but noticeably not too far. They were indistinguishable from the Water Tribe as far as I could tell. The same blue eyes, sharp and cautious from the hoods of the same blue winter parkas, watched us approach. And their mittened hands resting on the scimitars and machetes that hung from their hips. They were clearly wary of my little parade of Fire Nation elites.

Their elderly chieftain stood at the centre of the great clearing, alongside a small child rounded by the thick furs it wore.

Garbed in a blue parka with more elaborate designs than the rest of them, the barbarian leader was an old man, thin and hunched over like a tree bent by strong winds. But still, he stood without a cane. His wrinkled cheeks were ruddy from the arctic air and I had to wonder how this frail old man could lead this tribe, but I knew better than to judge by outward appearances, especially old farts. His deep blue eyes were calm as he watched my entourage's approach, even as I and the Ostrich-horses towered head and shoulders over him.

Just as my little parade was about ten paces away from him, I raised my clenched armoured fist- a mere gesture- and we stopped [As One] with an almost inhuman level of synchronised precision.

We stared each other down.

The Fire Nation Giant and the North Pole Barbarian Chieftain.

"I am Khan." My voice rumbled like crumbling rocks, "Commander of the Fire Nation's 41st Division. To whom do I speak?"

The chieftain's gaze was piercing, assessing me with a mix of wariness and curiosity. "Essin, Chieftain of the Partas Clan." His creaky voice answered as his mittened hand gestured to the kid standing beside him- barely as old as Anya was, "This is my grandson, Eswar."

The child tried to look brave as my skull-faced helm briefly glanced at him, even as his tiny knees shook. I did not recognise their names- not from the canon Avatar show at least. But all the same, they were part of this world- just some of the innumerable faceless and nameless characters that inhabited this world of Avatar.

"You have come far from your warm lands to speak to us, Fire Nation." spoke Chieftain Esswin.

"Yes, we have."

"Did you think to bribe our cooperation with the trade goods from your ships in the past moons?"

"No, it was a mutually beneficial agreement." I replied, unbothered by the accusation. My eyes flicked towards the steel scimitar that hung from his hip, and the steel machete on his grandson's back. "I understand that good steel is valuable here in the polar territories while pelts of arctic fauna are valuable in my nation. A healthy slice of trade was so much better than simply demanding to speak with you, was it not?"

"It was." The chieftain grunted in agreement, but settled a serious look at me. "You wish for us to help you in bringing down Agna Qel'a."

It was not a question.

"Yes." I replied, "Help us reach our goal, and you shall have your share of the spoils when we sack the fortress. You and yours need not even join us on the battlefield."

"Our people have survived here long before the Fire Nation's ships even appeared on our horizons. We do not fear strife. Especially not with them. But... is this an alliance Or subjugation under the guise of it?"

Now we have a problem. The raw skepticism in his voice wasn't as clear of an indicator of how much these people cherished their independence as what came next. I saw it, and everyone in my entourage saw it too. The entire barbarian clan around us tensed their hands on their weapons. Through [As One], I felt June, the Kyoshi Warriors, the Lieutenant and the rest of the 1st Cavalry Scout Squad... they were all a hair's breadth away from slaughtering them all.

"Don't." My voice firmly commanded- not to my forces, but to the Chieftain. "We both know what will happen if we disturb the peace of this place. So, don't bait my forces."

I stared down the chieftain for a few long seconds before finally...

He chuckled with a smile made of toothless gums.

"You struck me as a man who was familiar in the ways of the spiritual. But oftentimes, familiarity with those ways does not mean they respect such ways. You have just proven that you do." He raised a thickly-covered arm and gestured to his clan to stand down. "Very well, Fire Nation. Let us truly talk. You promise riches and prosperity, but we need a guarantee. Your kind is known for treachery. You may not betray the spirits, but you may yet betray this would-be alliance."

My skull-faced helmet dipped in a nod, I couldn't fault him for his mistrust. The history between our nations was stained with blood and fire. "Your guarantee is our mutual goal, Chieftain Essin. The most that anyone heard of your culture is that you harbour a marked... dislike for the Northern Water Tribe. We dislike the Northern Water Tribe as well. We have that much in common at least."

There was a tightening to Essin's jaw and his eyes widened to almost round. "The Northern Water Tribe." Chieftain Essin repeated, his aged voice graining a marked edge of fury. "Is that what they have claimed to the rest of the world?"

"I have read many written accounts." I replied, "And I have yet to come across one that would claim otherwise."

That was the last straw apparently, as elderly chieftain turned his head to the side and bellowed with a surprisingly loud voice, "CLAN, GIRD YOURSELF FOR WAR. WE'RE FIGHTING ALONGSIDE THE HOT LANDERS!"

There was a rush of movement as the barbarian clan around us began gathering their belongings, carrying their belongings out from their igloos: Rolled up sleeping bags, leather bags of their personal effects, and spears and machetes, both steel and whaletooth. All of them were carried out and tied to the backs of their whinnying buffalo-yaks.

My and my entourage's confusion must have been palpable, because Essin turned back to me to address it.

"You are wondering why we're choosing to cooperate with you so easily." He began, even as his own grandson scurried off to prepare their own things. "You must understand something, Fire Nation, that when Agna Qel'a was first founded it was not a place for any single tribe to claim as their own. It belonged to all the tribes, for we were all the Northern Water Tribes. So, it was a slap to the face when this latest war between nations bubbled up, and they 'Northern Water Tribe' offered shelter behind those walls. As if it was theirs to give! And now it is they, 'the Northern Water Tribe.' And us, 'the North Pole Barbarians?' Tribes have gone to war in the past over far less."

"But Agna Qel'a is already a confederation of many tribes." I pointed out- having already researched our target well beforehand, "And those that didn't want to participate in its policies went on to form the Southern Water Tribe. So, where did your clan come from?"

My green eyes peered through the slits of my helmet and down to the patiently smiling senior.

"Unless... you were part of the Agna Qel'a. Until you were not. That's what these wandering clans are. You're political dissidents, sentenced to the most common punishment in Agna Qel'a: Exile."

"You got this all from musty old books, Fire Nation?" He chuckled. Then with a sombre sort of pride, the old man glanced at his people. "But yes, we descend from those voices that spoke too boldly or too loudly against the Northern Water Tribe's sanctimonious rule. They shunned us all, cast us out of our birthright and forever barred the gates of Agna Qel'a to us. But unlike our Southern kin, we know our place is here: the land that the Ocean and Moon Spirits had promised to us. Our estrangement from Agna Qel'a, our conflict with the 'Northern Water Tribe', runs deeper than just politics- filled with grievances that even time has yet to heal. Old grudges carved onto even older whalebones."

He shook his head, airy wisps of sparse grey hair slipping out from under his parka's furred cowl.

"For now, all you need to know, Hot Lander, is even if the price of our way of life is..." He glanced at his grandson- the answer to the unasked question of where the child's parents were, "... very high, you will not find a clan of more able big game hunters in all the Four Nations. We will fight with you against our wayward kin.... On one specific condition."

"Name it." my voice rumbled.

His gaze, intense and unwavering, met mine. "If the Head Chieftain of Agna Qel'a is captured, becomes our prisoner, I demand that you allow me the right to confront him, to pass judgement. This is my condition, non-negotiable."

"You may have your confrontation, and you may pass judgement, but whatever sentence you give him is to be carried out after the siege."

A cloudy blue eye narrowed with an annoyed look, "What part of 'non-negotiable' did you not hear, Fire Nation?"

"The part where you're too willing to potentially compromise our operation with your impatience."

"Bah, we've waited generations for this. What's a few moons more?" Essin grumbled, "If we're negotiating, then my clan is willing to postpone his sentence, if you would fire up your Hot Lander forge and meet our immediate need for arms and armour. So, Fire Nation, do I have your promise?"

Without hesitation, I met his demand with a firm nod, "You have my word. Should the Chieftain of Agna Qel'a fall into our hands, he will face you. You will have your chance for justice or vengeance or whatever we wish to call it."

"Then we have an accord." Chieftain Essin solemnly intoned as he raised his gnarled hands to the sky, "Spirit of the Moon, shine over our sworn bond! Spirit of the Ocean, safeguard our promises in your tides! Ancient spirits of the True North, bear witness to this pact made before your abodes! So, mote it be!"

"So, mote it be." I repeated solemnly.

Chieftain Essin nodded, the tension in his posture easing slightly with my assurance. "Then, about the arms and armour we require to fight alongside you, Fire Nation... how capable are your smiths?"

From my [Inventory], I twirled a blacksmith's hammer in my hand, and smiled underneath my skull-helm, "Very capable."

Even then, my eyes shone with anticipation.

The plan was coming together as I walked in the footsteps of giants. In the 13th century, Chinggis Khan, aware of the formidable defence that the Khwarezmian Empire had arrayed before him, made the formal military decision to... befriend the local nomads. Nomads, who lived off the lands and knew it as they knew the faces of their family. Nomads... who knew the weakest and most vulnerable point of the empire. And here, I have done the same.

All that was left to do now was...

(Decades Later) [Air Temple Island]

"So, what happened next?!" Korra demanded, banging her fist on the wooden dining table.

"Hey! Watch it!" Jinora steadied her glass of ice water and pouted at her, "Did you even know this part of Water Tribe history?"

"Sorry." Korra admitted. "And no, I didn't know this part of Water Tribe history."

"Don't let it bother you." Jinora sighed, lazily waving her fork with a piece of lettuce on its end, "It was a divide that grew over the course of at least three hundred years. You won't read this in any Northern Water Tribe history schoolbook, trust me. And if we're being honest, it's the Northern Water Tribe's fault for modelling their justice system after Otter-Penguins and just exiling all their detractors out of the flock. Literal bird-brain policies."

"Hey! We do that in the South too." Korra tore her eyes from the pages to look at Jinora with narrowed eyes. "And that still doesn't explain HOW! You know, this would go a lot faster if you just told me what you know, Jinora."

"Maybe I do know, maybe I don't." Jinora leaned back in her chair, her smile widening. "But where's the fun in just telling you everything, Korra? I feel like I'm teaching you something valuable here about critical thinking. So, let's play a little game of Hot and Cold! You try and figure out how he did it, and if you're getting closer, I'll tell you you're getting warm. Colder, if you're getting farther from the truth. It'll be as if you're really following in the Khan's footsteps!"

"I know how the game goes." Korra grumbled, "But sure, let's make the Avatar work for her answers today."

"That's the spirit, Korra!" Jinora grinned, "So put yourself in the Khan's shoes right now, and tell me: how did he manage to get all the way inside Agna Qel'a?"

"Ugh... I hate critical thinking." Korra groaned, furrowed brow in thought anyway. "Okay, so if he was already attacking Agna Qel'a before the Armada arrived, that means that he didn't have the heavy artillery to break down the coastal walls to do it."

"Alright. So the Khan made friends with the barbarian clan that's been giving the North some trouble in the past few decades? What does that get him exactly? Because Agna Qel'a wasn't any less defended even if the Khan and the 41st had a clan of barbarians backing them up. Did they teach him a secret tunnel under the ice?"

"Warm." Jinora responded with a hint of pride in her voice, and Korra nodded.

"Right, so he had to have snuck inside." Her eyes drifted to the ragged, icy coastline of the North Pole. "Agna Qel'a would never let a pirate fleet into their harbour; and there's no other port in the North Pole now and there hasn't been in the last thousand years. So, the Khan had to have made landfall in the North Pole wilderness, established a base and snuck into the city... with his entire division... through the great coastal wall... Guarded by all the Waterbenders in the world... where they could see any ship coming in from a dozen miles away... Okay, this is just sounding really stupid."

"Oof, you're getting colder," Jinora shook her head. "Well, The Khan could have done that, I think. But that wasn't his plan."

"Well, how else could he have gotten inside?"

"Look closely at the map of Agna Qel'a." Jinora casually said, her mouth half-full with her salad.

"I don't know what you're trying to show me here..." Korra grumbled her lips but looked anyway. A water tribe city of ice built in a circular valley. A huge coastal wall of Agna Qel'a protected the port- standing as tall as any Fire Nation Cruiser at the time. The entire land perimeter around the city's circular valley was a smooth white like a fresh tub of ice cream. Not even a chest-high fence to stop anyone from walking into the city.

Her brows raised as the pieces clicked together. "No..." Korra dismissed the idea as quickly as it had formed. "They couldn't have assaulted Agna Qel'a by land!"

That amused smirk sprouted on Jinora's lips, "And why not?"

"Because the terrains around Agna Qel'a are a nightmare! It's already a dicey trip trekking the poles for a team of waterbenders; trying to do it with Firebenders is a death sentence! The blizzards hammer that place so hard that even people like me- who've lived our entire lives there- can barely stand that level of sheer butt-freezing cold."

"You're getting warmer by the way." Jinora said with a touch of irony.

"Now, I know that you're messing with me." Korra laughed, her blue eyes meeting Jinora's amused greys, "Take it from me who grew up a waterbender from one of the poles. Polar terrain isn't something to mess with. There's the arctic ice plains around Agna Qel'a... We have places like that in the South Pole too, where even putting a single step where you shouldn't risks collapsing the ice right from under you! And the only other alternative is even worse than that! The deep arctic tundras are full of frozen mountains made of permafrost and ice fields of sharp, pointy icicles that could run a person through if they slip onto them. There's no way, Jinora."

Korra shook her head for emphasis, brown ponytail waving in the air.

"No freaking way that he did used the land approach."

But instead of being called out on her bluff, Jinora just smiled a bright smile. "Warmer~" She insisted, having entirely too much fun in Korra's opinion.

"Okay..." Korra sighed, "Let's pretend for a second that I believe you. So, the Khan somehow managed to find a way to cross the ice plains and hit Agna Qel'a from the side-"

"Colder."

"What? So if he didn't march over the ice plains, then..."

Korra sat back and furrowed her brows. trying really hard to think of any way that anyone could possibly pull that off. One after the other, her theories of how anyone could possibly pull that off crumbled in her head... until just one remained. Blue eyes widened. Bewildered, she looked up at the cheerily smiling airbender and shook her head, "The arctic tundras? No... he can't have. That'd be insane! Waterbenders have died trying to do that!"

"Hot. Really hot." The brunette teased.

"Jinora..." Korra muttered, "You can't be saying that he... that the Khan-"

"-That the Khan not only tricked and avoided every Water Tribe patrol to land undetected on their homeland..." Jinora weaved her fork around the salt and pepper shakers, dodging them with ease. "... but also marched his entire division through 300 miles through the most brutal winter terrain that the Four Nations has to offer thanks to his new barbarian friends' knowledge of the local geography..."

Korra watched as Jinora danced her fork around the dripping glass of iced water, and then around her wooden salad bowl.

"And after that gruelling, perilous journey..." Jinora softly said as she lifted her sharp fork up in the air- the metal gleaming under the sunlight, "... the 41st still had the strength to deliver a surprise assault so devastating- so brutal- that in one fell swoop..."

Her fork stabbed down- spearing through a grilled cherry tomato.

"... it sealed the Northern Water Tribe's fate in the war?"

Jinora lifted it up, regarded it with clinical grey eyes. Watched as- skewered on the prongs- the tomato bled and bled- its innards dripping from its numerous wounds on its scorched black outer skin. Then with a smooth motion, it disappeared past pink lips and white teeth, disappearing into the airbender's gullet.

She smiled.

"Congratulations, Korra." Jinora licked her lips as whispered, "You're on fire."

"That's... unbelievable." Korra sat back with a dumb look, and Jinora's slender shoulders shrugged in red and orange airbender robes.

"Hey, if you find it hard to believe, you can always ask Gran-Gran." the younger brunette said, "She was there after all. And she'll tell you that the 41st Division arrived long before the naval artillery bombardment did. You might want to be gentle about bringing it up though. It's a... touchy topic."

"Yeah, I know." Korra nodded solemnly. "Granny Katara... she was never the same after that fight."

(Agna Qel'a - Weeks before the Armada's arrival)

Katara shivered, and not just from the cold.

The relentless Arctic winds may have been biting through her parka, but it was standing there at the northern city edges of Agna Qel'a that was sending fearful shivers down her spine.

Who wouldn't be uneasy? When they were staring out from the edge of the world?

Just snow, ice, and blizzard. Stretching into the horizon. A monochrome landscape where the sky and earth merged into an indistinguishable blur of white- as if the blizzard winds had sanded off all the colour from the world.

Her father used to tell stories about these places: About the jagged, snow-swept lands of the True North Pole and the True South Pole, and why children should never venture far from their settlement, especially out in a blizzard. He told of the clawed hands of angry spirits that would reach up from under the packed snow and drag them under. Deep under the ice and snow, so deep that their bones would never be found.

She thought she had grown out of those horror stories.

But now, standing here, she understood why her mother never stopped her father from telling them, no matter how scared it made a younger Katara. They weren't just horror stories- they were serious warnings, couched in the guise of ghost tales, about the real dangers of wild, hungry animals, and unstable ice sheets that covered sub-zero water pockets, and deep pitfalls hidden by the deceptively smooth surface of the snow. Maybe there weren't hungry spirits hiding in the snow now, but it didn't make this place any less dangerous. And it didn't frighten her any less, but regardless...

Katara put on a brave smile. For Aang.

"See?" She gave his hand a reassuring squeeze as she gestured to the empty, blizzard-battered wasteland that surrounded Agna Qel'a. "There's nothing here. There's nothing to worry about."

Then her brother had to open his big fat mouth, "Yeah, no Fire Nation here! Nothing at all, except for rampaging spirits of ice and winter, of course. Oh, and savage barbarian tribes who'd drink from your skull. Yep, there's totally- Ow!"

"Sokka!" Katara scolded, her heart beating in her ears. Sokka's words, meant to be a joke, unwittingly echoed her childish fears over the silly horror stories. And yet, she couldn't help it, her eyes flicked back at the blizzard- looking for a threat that was hidden just beyond sight, waiting for them in the relentless storm.

"I'm just saying, Katara." Sokka rubbed his shin where she kicked him, "There's nothing coming to attack us, especially from this direction! Aang just keeps having bad dreams caused by bad sandwiches. I mean, how would anyone attack the North Pole from... well... the north?! Is there a super north that no one knows about? That's just crazy talk!"

"Yeah, sorry for making you guys worry again." Aang said, smiling wide and thankfully, not sensing her unease for this place.

"It's no trouble, Aang." She smiled back, "Having peace of mind is important too."

Sokka rolled his eyes, "Sure. But next week, we're going to be digging underground just to check that no one's gonna attack us from there too, aren't we?"

Katara crossed her arms and aimed a cross look at her brother, "Then why did you come along if you were just going to make fun of us?"

"As if I'd let you two go out here on your own." Sokka said honestly.

"Raaw!" protested Appa.

"Oh, sorry, Appa." Sokka apologised with a smile to their sky-bison, "What I meant to say was 'As if I'd let you three go out here on your own."

"Raaw!"

"Yeah, you tell him, buddy!" Aang guffawed, and Sokka laughed along with him. And soon, Katara's lips couldn't help but crack a smile at her brother's protectiveness.

"Okay, you two. Let's head back before Princess Yue starts to miss Sokka too much." She suggested, her voice firm yet gentle.

At the mention of the princess, her brother's blue eyes lit up and the smile grew wider on his cheeks. "Ohoho, don't you worry. Sokka would never make a lady wait!"

"Alright, let's go, O' Sokka the Never Late." Katara shook her head as she smiled. So simple, her brother was. It was one of his charms. She hoped that Yue wouldn't take advantage of her brother's simplicity, not too much at least. And Katara was actually looking forward to some hot food in her belly too.

But as her hands gripped the rope ladder up Appa's saddle, she heard it. A sound, a solitary note lost in the wind, faint and out of place, reached only Katara's ears.

honk
​
The distant honk of an ostrich-horse.

Her grip on the ladder loosened and snow crunched under her boots as she stepped away, her eyes scanning the white horizon, searching for the source. That sound... it was impossible in this barren landscape. Nothing could live in this place, there shouldn't be any animals here! So... where did that sound come from?

"What's a matter, Katara?" Aang's voice made her jump, and she whipped around to see him looking over to her with concerned grey eyes.

Even Sokka joined in, leaning over the saddle, "Yeah, Katara, what's up?"

She glanced back at the blizzard, then at Aang and Sokka. "It's nothing. Just a trick of the blizzard winds." She said, her voice firm yet gentle despite her heart racing, not wanting to alarm either of them. She pulled herself onto Appa's saddle with them.

"I think what you need is some sea-prune stew to warm you up." Aang smiled as he gripped Appa's reins.

"Yeah, probably just the cold getting to me." She agreed with a weary nod.

"Yip yip!"

Katara breathed a sigh of relief as they lifted off from the snow and rose high into the air. Away from here.

"... Does Gran-Gran still get those PTSD attacks?"

"You mean those 'Qela Flashbacks? Whenever she hears an ostrich-horse honking, yeah." Korra nodded, "At least she's finally stopped having them from car horns? Still thinks Ostrich-horses, geese, turtle-ducks and anything else that honks or hoots or quacks are pure evil though."

"...Poor Gran-Gran." Jinora shook her head with a sigh.​

It was only when they finally took leave of that place- back to civilization that was a stone's throw away, that Katara truly relaxed.

'It was nothing,' she told herself as they flew back to the city. 'We're safe. There's nothing lurking in the blizzard. Nothing hiding in the snow. Nothing at all.'

honk​

- Writing History End -
​
~ Chapter 21: When the Snow Starts Honking in Ostrich-Horse ~
Coming Soon for Public Release!​

AN:

This chapter occurs between the episodes... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 18 - The Waterbending Master) and (ATLA Book 1, Episode 19 - The Siege of the North). In canon, there's like a timeskip of several weeks (even up to two months) between those two episodes. This chapter is about ten days before the Armada arrives.

[Distant Honking Grows Louder, and Angrier] ... Katara fans, I'm sorry in advance. But the Goose PTSD is inevitable.

Chekhov's Gun tropes are my favourite... The Barbarian chieftain and his grandson are not and will not be major characters, just people to populate the world. They're not important- just there to set up a possible far future addition. Pay no attention to the naming scheme, lol.

Perfectly normal Jinora is acting perfectly normal.

Surprised we went this long without anyone pointing out... that Sokka has been having prophetic bouts of sarcasm since Chapter 9.
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:SamuelAtomizer, Ghjikl, r1516 and 1,723 others
Infonticus
Feb 4, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 21: Honk Softly, They’re Sleeping
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Feb 22, 2024
Add bookmark
#3,460
Chapter 21: Honk Softly, They're Sleeping

[Agna Qel'a]

We struck while they slept.

Out of the blizzard-worn wastelands, we emerged like a horde of vengeful shadows. The 41st Division, Fire Nation Elites without peer, stalking out of the barren polar wastes. The armoured shoulders of our dark greatcoats, still dusted with the crystalline snow of the True North Pole. Our sharp blades, chilled from the unforgiving cold. And our Ostrich-horse steeds, terribly hungry from the journey.

We crept down the icy cliffs and into the city of Agna Qel'a where we found its people in their beds, sleeping soundly and without a care in the world.

Why wouldn't they be?

As far as they knew, the Great War was far beyond the horizon- several oceans away- past a shining sea riddled with sharp icebergs that only Water Tribe patrol ships could navigate, past a great coastal wall of ice that could only be opened to Waterbenders, and past their militia that were ready to arm themselves for war at a moment's notice. The Northern Water Tribe had every reason to feel safe and sleep easy in their frozen city... even as the Fire Nation's deadliest division rushed through its streets by the waterways, stepped into their homes of packed snow and ice and pushed our sharp and {Exquisite} blades straight through their warm fur blankets.

I supervised this precise butchery. My seven-foot-tall frame of tempered steel and muscle stood just outside the royal palace of Agna Qel'a, watching my troops advance through the sleeping city.

The Great Chinggis always ensured that a path of retreat was always available for his army: Never giving his enemies the power to dictate when and where the battle must take place, no matter how indirectly. And here, I will do the same. Whoever controlled the palace grounds, controlled the only way up to the Polar Wastelands. The small contingent of Waterbending royal palace guards that I had left dead and broken ensured that for now.

Until the 41st Division finished what we came to this city to do, I needed to personally hold this point- an immovable obelisk for the enemy forces, as if to say: 'Not one step further.'

After all, taking territory was something my troops were very good at, but holding them? I was more suited for the task. But despite the mountain violence occurring all across the city, the air over Agna Qel'a was still clear- not a single plume of black smoke to even hint that this city was under attack by Fire Nation forces. And what few screams rang out were cut off almost immediately. One could even say that things were... peaceful still.

A good sign. The longer that the city remained confused and unaware, the higher this operation's chances of success.

It was serene, standing alone in front of the royal palace, I turned my attention back towards the chaos that was Agna Qel'a. My hand reached up as if to cradle the silvery half-moon in my armoured palm.

It shouldn't be long now. Not long at all.

Then a new sound reached my ears: Ostrich-horse feet pounding on snowy streets.

The Lieutenant and her squad atop their Ostrich-horses galloped into view- turning around the corner of a tall ice building. Brown feathers on their plumed helmet swaying in the chill air, their black and red greatcoat and armour splashed with blood, and the Lieutenant's amethyst purple eyes shone through the eyes slits from the nightvision effects of {Mountain Dew: Frostbite} elixir as she and the others rushed up the royal palace's icy steps to me.

"Sir! 1st Cavalry Scout Squad reporting in!" The Lieutenant greeted me as she reached my side.

"You're early, 1st Squad. And I see you brought your HVTs." My eyes glanced at the tied up form of the unfortunate men and women laid across the back of the 1st Squad's ostrich–horses. "I presume your other objective has been similarly completed?"

"Yes, sir!" She saluted with pride in her voice, "We've taken control of all the watchtowers in the upper city ring. All alarm horns and drums have been destroyed, and the current shift of guards eaten."

"Honk." Her steed agreed with a burp, and her armoured hand reached out to ruffle the feathers on its neck.

"No one will be able to raise the alarm city-wide, sir."

"Good, and the others?" I prompted.

The Lieutenant turned in her saddle and extended an arm out to a specific ice manor in the city. "Sir, 2nd Squad captured their HVTs earlier than expected and are currently pursuing secondary targets." She said, then extended her arm to another point in the frozen city- closer to the coastal wall this time. "The 3rd and 4th had just captured their HVTs, but with significant collateral damage due to their HVTs' proximity to what we believe are new barracks for Water Tribe naval patrols. In response, elements of the 2nd Regiment were forced to storm and silence the mid ring's alarm tower, over there."

Her armoured hand pointed to said tower. A red scarf attached to the alarm drum flapped in the arctic winds- subtly signifying that it had been taken by friendly forces.

"Meanwhile, the bulk of the 2nd Regiment itself reports having successfully penetrated their targets' perimeters and are standing by, awaiting further instructions, sir." The Lieutenant continued on, "And as for the Kyoshi Warriors, the latest intel from the 2nd Regiment suggests their HVT has been localised within the lower city ring. They should be closing in by now if they haven't captured their target already."

"Things are progressing better than I expected..." I noted, "We have our fingers on the trigger, but since you already have our 'chief' HVT, let's see if we can't win here and now."

Reaching out behind her, I lifted the bag-headed prisoner off her ostrich-horse and down to the ground.

I yanked off the thick fur bag over his head, and undid his gag. The aged Chieftain Arnook was still in his warm fur-lined blue pajamas as his eyes adjusted to the moonlight. Then when they did, his wrinkled face paled in fear and surprise as he found my skull-faced helm looking down at him, as well the sight of our Fire Nation reds and blacks.

"You! You're the Fire Nation Giant!" He whispered, then with a sharp intake of breath... "WE'RE UND-"

My large, armoured hand gripped his mouth shut- with just enough force to let him know that I could crush his jaw like an egg if he gave me a reason. I gently admonished him for it, "Don't scream, chieftain, it makes our Ostrich-horses hungry. But since we both have heard of the other, we can skip the introductions. I'll even allow you one question for me to answer before we start."

I released his mouth, and his wrinkled brows furrowed as he seemed to think very carefully what he wanted for his question.

"... How are you here?" He finally asked. "The snow is still free from the soot of your warships, and no Fire Nation ship has been sighted in almost half a decade! You should not be here. You cannot be here!"

I shared a look with Cavalry Scouts and we laughed in the chieftain's face.

"Ah, I understand." I nodded with faux empathy, "The Northern Water Tribe had gotten so comfortable not meeting the Fire Nation in open combat, hasn't it? Why would you when you could just hide behind your icy seas and ambush any Fire Nation Navy ship who attempts to go near? Yes, why would you ever fight honourably on the field of battle, when you could just fight to win? Only now, we're doing the same: The Fire Nation fighting to win this war too, Chieftain. Starting with Agna Qel'a."

That declaration made his blue eyes harden with determination, "You will not take our city!" He said, "The Spirits of the Moon and the Ocean are with us! This is a fight you cannot win!"

"Fight you?" I chuckled before extending an armoured hand out to the still quiet city, "Do you hear that? The absence of screams of the dying? The lack of roaring flames and the victorious calls of feasting Ostrich-horses? No, Chieftain, we haven't even begun to fight... but it will only take a single loud 'Honk' from this ostrich-horse to doom this entire city to fight a war it cannot win. Just one."

Chieftain Arnook met eyes with Lieutenant's Ostrich-horse that stood even taller as I did. The great beast's beady-black eyes stared into the Chieftain's blue as it stalked closer and craned its massive beaked face low until it was face to face with him.

*Hiss*

With a hiss, it opened its drooling maw wide and blew a stream of hot breath right onto the Chieftain's face. Rows of razor sharp teeth-like barbs ran along the insides and along its tongue's edges. Flecks of blood still splattered across them from its earlier light snack of Water Tribe soldiers.

Face to face with a gruesome death, the chieftain recoiled slightly of course, a shiver of fear that he could not hide. But credit where it was due, he did what most grown men couldn't and managed to tear his wrinkled gaze away from the Ostrich-horse. Instead, he looked at me and quietly demanded.

"You have not killed me yet. Why are we speaking, Giant?"

I gestured to the Ostrich-horse to back up.

"Because we're fighting to win." I repeated solemnly, reaching into my [Inventory], "And the best kind of victory is the one where we don't have to throw a single firebolt."

With a rattle of expensive paper, I unfurled a gilded scroll out in front of him: The sharp, forceful calligraphy of Fire Lord Ozai himself claiming the scroll's entire face- spelling out an irreversible edict that commanded all Fire Nation troops to cease hostilities with the Northern Water Tribe... and also acknowledging and accepting the Northern Water Tribe's formal declaration of conditional surrender. Generous terms too. They become a vassal nation to the Fire Nation: We get a sizable yearly tribute of their blue jade, their furs and other goods. In exchange, we won't burn their wives and rape their homes or something.

Carefully, I placed the scroll on the icy floor in front of the chief along with a brush and ink, and undid the shackles on his hands.

The old man rubbed his wrists as he took one look at the terms and spat. "And why, in the name of the Moon and Ocean Spirits, would I ever sign this, Giant?"

"Because I can give you my word that this is the lesser of the two evils." I said, glancing out past the icy coastal walls and to the shining seas beyond, "You have no idea what's coming to Agna Qel'a if you refuse. I can't spoil the surprise, of course, but I can tell you that you and your people will be very, very relieved in the future that you signed this paper."

"The Avatar has told us of your barbarism in the Earth Kingdom, Giant." He stated with a firm stare, "The words and promises of a brute like you are all empty lies."

"Are they?" I replied, unbothered by the accusation, "If you won't believe my words, then perhaps my deeds will speak for me. King Bumi yet lives despite fighting me personally. Omashu lies almost untouched by the ravages of war despite their decades-long resistance against my nation. And the great majority of the townspeople that surrendered to me are enjoying safety and prosperity that they hadn't achieved since their founding. Chieftain, you have every reason to take this offer and spare your people from the horrors that this war can bring."

"Is that a threat, Fire Nation?"

"A reminder." I told him, "You knew that the war was eventually going to come to the North Pole. If not by my forces, then by another's. I'm sure you've made plans to defend your city against some sieging Fire Nation fleet or the like. A grand speech at your royal palace to rally defenders, or perhaps a daring raid on the Fire Nation flagship. But the uncaring reality is that we are already here: Behind all your brave troops, past all your defences, inside your very homes."

My great armoured hand gestured to the soft furs of his sleepwear, and he turned his face away from me. But I continued regardless.

"Chieftain Arnook, your city is already taken, and your war, over before it even began. Now is the time to think about securing your people's future in this unpleasant present that they have found themselves in."

For a long minute of silence, his blue eyes peered through the eye slits of my helmet, locking with my green eyes until finally... he slumped in defeat- looking down to the scroll and sighing, "... I understand, Fire Nation."

Everyone including myself watched as he took the calligraphy brush in a shaky, resigned hand.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw the Lieutenant's armoured hand tighten slightly around her reins, and the rest of the 1st Cavalry Scout Squad reacted similarly- tensing up and staring hard. We all knew this was the moment of truth. The 41st Division was staring down at the possibility of a full-blown winter war with the entirety of the Northern Water Tribe. And despite our extensive training and planning to handily win such a war, if we could seize victory- right here and right now- we definitely would.

But just as the aged Water Tribe Chieftain was about to put brush to paper, he swiped the ink bottle and upended its contents right onto the scroll- each thick glug of dark ink resounding through the cold air.

"No..." I heard my Cavalry Scouts' gasps as the promise of surrender was washed away in a puddle of black, and with it, any hope of a quick resolution to this conflict in the North Pole- consigning us all to a brutal and bloody winter war.

Arnook tossed the now emptied ink bottle aside and looked defiantly up at me, declaring, "By the Moon and Ocean Spirits, Agna Qel'a will never surrender!"

In the shadows of my skull-faced helm, my green eyes narrowed. But rather than being angry, I simply glanced at the Lieutenant and nodded.

"Sound the offensive."

The Lieutenant clicked her tongue and a hungry gleam immediately came to her ostrich-horse's beady black eyes. The great bird tossed its head back- pointing its beak to the starry sky and loosed the warcry that resounded across the entire city.

"HOOOO~OOOOONK!"​

The dinner bell was rung, and the response was immediate.

Out across the sleeping city of blue and white ice, great explosions rocked lit up the city in orange fireballs. Fires raged and pillars of choking, black smoke rose high into the night sky- obscuring the moon. And panicked screams echoed out as people were roused from sleep by ravenous ostrich-horses breaking down their bedroom doors. Even as the city flailed awake, the 41st Division's armoured fist squeezed only tighter around its throat, and the honking of our feasting ostrich-horses, growing only louder as well.

"Moon Spirit preserve us..." Chieftain Arnook whispered in horror. Mouth hanging open as the flames of his besieged city reflected off his blue eyes.

"You look so surprised, chieftain. Was this not what you intended with your dramatic gesture of defiance?"

With the blame thrown back at him, he glowered at me, "Your barbarism will not go unpunished, Giant!"

"And neither will your defiance." I replied and gestured to the ruined scroll laying in the snow. "You destroyed the one thing that would have secured your people the gentle treatment that a conditional surrender would have guaranteed. And now, chieftain, you had better pray to the Moon Spirit. Pray that the people of Agna Qel'a will surrender unconditionally soon, and pray... that they will survive fighting us."

"The Northern Water Tribe is stronger than you believe, Fire Nation." he spat back, "We will drive you out of Agna Qel'a and- Ughk!"

His valiant shout was cut off with a flick of my wrist- sending a brown-feathered (Potent) {Shirshu-spit Dart} digging into his shoulder. And immediately, the aged chieftain fell limply onto the snow. His mouth hung open mid-sentence and his blue eyes rolled around as he struggled to move a body paralyzed by the poison.

Shaking my head, I reached down to the ice, delicately picking up the ruined scroll and rolling it up. So much for an easy victory. I nodded towards the Lieutenant. "Make sure this trash lives to see his people break before us."

"Yes, commander!" She replied, voice hardened with anger as well. And the chief was once again bound, bagged and secured to the rump of her Ostrich-Horse.

I turned my attention to the chaos that was Agna Qel'a and considered how things were developing. Even as the sounds of battle raged louder as more and more Waterbenders woke up to join the brutal, urban melee... Things were going smoothly, very smoothly. The 41st was supposed to be in full withdrawal by now, I had planned for us to be detected on our approach to the city, and even planned for a brutal breakthrough against determined defenders. But our sneak attack was proving even more effective than I had ever hoped. In fact, an opportunity was presenting itself to me.

New Quest:
A FATED MEETING
​
Main Objective: Inflict a considerable amount of damage on each member of Team Avatar before daybreak arrives (0/4)

Sub-Objective #1: Have Aang activate the Avatar State during your fight​

Rewards:
Large bonus exp
Perk Point x2
Spirit: +10 Stat Points

Secondary Rewards:
All Stats: +5 Stats Points​

+ R +​

... That is the most stupidly risky quest I've ever encountered.

It popped up only now while I have my hands full with a delicate and more important mission, and the quest makes it sound like I'm not even expected to win! This would be an instant pass for me, except... this was also the first time I had seen Stat Points as a reward. And it was quite a lot of it too- more than two entire weeks' worth of pure training, likely more. Not to mention that included my Intelligence Stat with its stunted growth! It had taken me more than a month of reading to raise my intelligence by five! If I completed this quest, I'd be one point away from unlocking the [Engineering] skill.

"Great risk for great reward, huh?" I wondered out loud, looking over to a specific spot in the city where the fighting was minimal. To where that big, juicy target that I had explicitly ordered my men to avoid. Overextending one's forces against a powerful unit will always be a gamble after all. I could always decline. "To press the advantage or quit while I'm ahead..."

The Lieutenant- clearly having heard me muttering- spoke up. "Sir, the 1st Cavalry Squad is ready for whatever additional target you'll assign us, sir!"

That's right... The quest didn't say that I had to do it alone.

I spared them a glance. Clad in their (Masterwork) [41st Division Cavalry Scout Armour] (Of Blunt Resistance) that I had forged myself- able to turn away blades, icicles and boulders with ease. (Masterwork) weapons that held a deadly edge just as good as any of Piandao's swords. And of course, those [41st Division Frostguard Greatcoat] (Of Warmth) that had kept attrition due to arctic conditions close to zero.

The Elites of the Fire Nation elites. My most experienced, and my deadliest. Ready to charge even the walls of Ba Sing Se at my command... which was why I didn't want to risk such immensely valuable troops.

But we wouldn't even be here if we were risk-averse cowards, a bit of recklessness was par for course now.

"Very well..." I barked out. "1st Cavalry Scout Squad!"

"Sir!" Their gauntlets clicked against their helmets in a salute, even their ostrich-horses stood straighter.

"Drop off your target at the OP!" I directed, "Relay to the 3rd and 4th Regiments that it's their time to shine in rearguard operations! The 1st and 2nd Regiments will be withdrawing soon with their prizes, and we're not about to let those sleepy-eyed Waterbenders have their HVTs back. Afterwards, grab June and home in on my scent! You'll be reinforcing me as I tackle the mother of all HVTs that needs our personal attention: The Avatar and his team."

That actually caught my 1st Squad by surprise.

"... We're capturing the Avatar, sir?" The Lieutenant asked quietly, meanwhile the rest of the 1st Squad had gone still behind her. I had briefed them on the Avatar's capabilities after all. This would be a suicide mission within a suicide operation.

"No, capture is too risky." I clarified to them, "Our aim is to inflict enough damage to take them out of the fight. My previous order still stands, I want you all alive to see Agna Qel'a fly Fire Nation colours. Do you understand, 1st Squad?!"

"Understood, sir!"

"Well, what are you waiting for? A personal letter from Fire Lord Ozai?! Double time it to the OP, 1st Squad! There are starving ostrich-horses who haven't tried Waterbender yet!"

"Sir, yes, sir!" They saluted again and immediately departed- their ostrich-horses kicking up snow as they raced away.

The metallic rattle of finely-forged chains rang out as I readied my (Masterwork) [Steel Meteor Hammer] (Of Durability). In wide circles, the great heavy ball of steel swung with a deep continuous whoosh of displaced air. And with a flick of my wrist, I tested it on a nearby ice obelisk- the steel ball of my meteor hammer shattering it under a single strike.

Good.

I need to be smart about this.

Down the steps of the temple, my great armoured frame charged into Agna Qel'a.

More than just because the quest demanded it, I recognise now that fighting Team Avatar had to be done if the 41st Division was to have the edge in the coming battles. But I always knew this day would come eventually- I was Fire Nation after all, and I've long accepted it. Call it Fate, call it Destiny, call it the consequences of my own actions. There was no room for doubt or hesitation. I had a brief window of opportunity here- not just to increase our chances of survival, but to shift the course of the entire war. Tonight.

My role was clear: Ruin the Avatar's day, and if I can, neutralise the most important member of Team Avatar, dead or alive.

(A few minutes ago) [Elsewhere in Agna Qel'a]

"Sokka, what's happening?!" Princess Yue cried out to him, frightened and breathless, as their running footsteps echoed through the streets of Agna Qel'a.

"I think we're under attack!" He shouted back. He felt beads of cold sweat run down his neck and into his blue parka as he turned his head this way and that- desperately trying to figure out where best to lead the Princess to safety. Their mittened hands held each other tightly as he led the way.

"Please slow down, Sokka, I can't keep up!" She begged, her footsteps slowing and making Sokka frown.

Shouting and screaming echoed through the city along with those weird honking sounds. And they were growing louder. This wasn't the time to slow down. Every second counted. But as he looked back at Yue, with her snow-white hair was frazzled, and the chest of her purple, fur-lined parka-dress rising and falling with each gasp of air... He was reminded that he needed to care about her just as much he needed to keep her safe.

"Sorry Yue." he apologised to her, "But we have to get you out of this Fire Nation attack."

"I just... How can the city be under attack?" She panted as they huddled on the doorstep of one of the ice buildings. Just enough that they off the streets and pressed against the front door, safe in the shadows.

"Can't you see? Smoke means Fire Nation- it's not just a fire, it's an invasion!" He thrust his mitten-covered hand to the black cloud rising high into the night sky.

But Yue's hesitant ice blue eyes looked up at him, still doubting, "It's just not possible..." She shook her head, her snow white hair swaying, "The two of us were looking out to the Northern Sea just a while ago! You saw it too, Sokka! There's no enemy ships in sight! Maybe it is just a fire? We should go and help them."

"Several fires raging across the city at the same time?" He narrowed his eyes at the smoke rising into the night sky, "Yeah, I don't buy it. This is definitely the Fire Nation somehow. And running towards the fires is just asking for trouble. You have to believe me. Please."

She looked him in the eye, and nodded.

"I believe you..."

"Take a moment to catch your breath." Sokka nodded, then took the time to glance around to get his bearings.

He peeked out- looking up and down the street. The ice buildings of Agna Qel'a stood tall around them, the city streets reminding him of those great iceberg canyons back home in the South Pole, complete with a little river that flowed between the rows of buildings.

Honk! Honk! Honk!

All the raging fires and screaming and weird honking sounds had finally woken the people of Agna Qel'a up too.

Sokka spotted them- sleepy-eyed people leaning out their windows and even stepping to take a closer look, still in their sleepwear as they held their groggy children close and looked up and down the streets- trying to see what the commotion was about... Only to get even more confused when their street looked peaceful. Nothing apart from the humongous plumes of smoke rising from elsewhere in the city. Some gawked, some rushed out to see what was happening, most just gawked and pointed.

He couldn't blame them either. From what he's heard, the Northern Water Tribe hasn't fought a ground battle with the Fire Nation in over fifty years. Maybe even seventy. They wouldn't know a Fire Nation attack even if they were watching one happen in front of them... which it definitely was.

Honk! Honk! Honk!​

"Why hasn't the alarm been sounded?" Sokka grunted, "Where are the guards?! No one knows what's going on! And... WHAT THE SHRIMP IS MAKING ALL THOSE HONKING NOISES?!"

"Honk!"​

That particular honk was close by. Too close by. And if that wasn't enough to put him on edge, then the reactions of the people up in the windows was more telling- horrified screaming before slamming their windows shut, and Sokka pressed his back against the door and pushed Princess Yue to do the same.

"Let's keep quiet, Princess Yue." Sokka sushed.

"Okay..." She replied, her warmth pressing up against him. It said a lot of how focused he was that he barely even noticed the combination of her soft purple parka and her soft body pressing up against him.

The shadow of something big loomed around the corner of a nearby intersection. Then the largest ostrich-horse that Sokka had ever seen stalked around it. It was so large that it was less of an animal and more like a feathered boulder on legs. But it was the rider that really caught Sokka's attention. The red and black armour couldn't be mistaken for anything else.

"Fire Nation! Right there!" He whispered.

On the far side of the waterway, a pair of Waterbending guards in their blue parka uniforms rushed the Ostrich-horse.

"Stop right there!"

"No, Don't- mph!" Yue whispered, but Sokka stopped her from rushing out just as the fight began.

The waterbending guards tried to fight back. A torso-sized whip of water lashed out from the waterway with a violent crack, and sharp icicle-arrows flew out with a zip of air. Either attack would have made a normal Firebender go down for the count, but against that ostrich-horse?

Neither of them even slowed it down: The water whip may as well have been a love tap and the sharp icicles bounced right off Fire Nation emblem on the Ostrich-horse's black and red barding.

The attacks almost made the ostrich-horse seem excited.

"Honk!"

There was something wrong with seeing an animal so massive move so fast- a wall of feathered muscle and honking evil closing the distance as fast as a thrown harpoon.

The waterbenders had a split second of fear flash over their faces before it was already right on top of them both. Literally. The huge bird stepped on the first one and crushed him underneath a massive taloned foot, steaming red and brown innards bursting out from blue parka and onto the white ice of the street. Its beaked face darted out like a striking snake and... tore out a big chunk out of the waterbender's side. With half of his torso now missing, the remaining waterbender collapsed with a wet gurgle.

"Honk!"

With a victorious honk, the ostrich-horse gobbled its prize up like some juicy worm. Then dived its beak into the carcass for more. But then, it paused for a moment, and beady black eyes looked up from its feast, straight at them.

Both Sokka and Yue hid back in the shadows just as they heard the footsteps stalk closer.

Heart hammering in his chest, Sokka gripped his boomerang tight. But not as tight as how Yue pressed herself against his side in fear. Squeezing her eyes tight.

"Sokka, what do we d-"

"Sssh."

They heard the footsteps stalk closer, and Sokka's hand gripped his boomerang. He didn't like his odds against a giant flesh-eating ostrich-horse, but he was going to protect Yue whatever it takes. But just as the hot breath of Ostrich-horse started misting around their little hiding place, a girl's voice echoed through the street.

"Sergeant, what are you doing here? Regroup with the rest of the 2nd Regiment!"

"Yes, ma'am!" Sokka heard the Fire Nation rider reply, and immediately the heavy steps of the ostrich-horse led away as it honked into the night.

Sokka heard Yue breathe a sigh of relief.

"It ate his liver..." Sokka muttered to himself- slightly freaking out, "It ate his liver! Oh man, of all the rumours about the Fire Nation, why is 'flesh-eating ostrich-horses' the one that's true?!"

"Is that something that the Fire Nation always had?" Yue muttered in a horrified whisper. Her ice blue eyes glanced at the corpses left behind by that monster then back at him, "Sokka, I'm not sure about this. Let's just stay here and hide until the guards come, we can't just-"

"Yue, listen to me!" He held her hands and looked straight into her eyes- trying to mean every word he said, " I'll get you to safety. You're going to be alright, okay?"

It did the trick- Yue shocked out of the panic that she had as she nodded eagerly, now focused on the here and now. "Okay... okay!"

"Great, come on, we have to keep moving."

She held onto his arm as they carefully continued to creep down the street for a while, the blaze and the screaming still going on in the distance.

The snow was falling a bit harder now, and the chill, gnawing through his parka. A sure sign that a blizzard was coming.

Sokka fumbled for his boomerang again. But his nerves were getting to him, and the cold steel just slipped out of his mittened hands. He jerked down to catch the boomerang before it could clatter to the ground. With a breath of relief, he caught it between his fingers. "Almost gave away our position right there."

"you missed!"​

"S-sokka, there's someone-" Yue's frightened voice rang out.

"Yue?" He glanced back to her just in time: Her purple-garbed frame crumpled limply to the ice like a rag puppet with its strings cut.

"Yue!" He quickly crouched down to her, and shook her gently. "Are you alright?!"
"that was our last dart!"

"well, he keeps ducking!"​

"Nggh!" She grunted, her eyes moving around while the rest of her body stayed limp. For a second, Sokka didn't know what he was looking at until he found it: A brown-feathered dart sticking out of the princess' neck. He lifted it up to the moonlight- found it glistening with a clear poison.

"You're paralyzed..." He realised. Looking around, he found more darts stuck to the ice wall behind him. He must have dodged them just in time.

Sokka jumped into action, brandishing his boomerang as he whipped around- looking for the princess' would-be kidnappers. It was time to make a stand. For Yue.

He jumped into the street, and shouted, "Show yourselves, cowards!"

An amused feminine voice, all too familiar, rang out through the cold air. "You know, that's actually the first thing you ever said to me."

Whipping around, Sokka found his boomerang arm falling limp to his side as he found the last person he expected to find in the North Pole...

"... Suki?" he whispered, coming face to face with the red-headed Kyoshi Warrior.

"Hey, Sokka..." She softly greeted back, her painted lips curved a red line over her snow white face. Her arms- in ceremonial green kimono- crossed over her dark green armour. And her blue eyes twinkling underneath her brass headdress... In other words, she looked just as beautiful as when he left her on Kyoshi Island. And five other familiar faces stood behind her- the very same Kyoshi Warriors that had fought beside him against Zuko.

"Suki!" He grinned in relief, rushing forward to hug her. "What are you doing here? How did you even get here to the North Pole?!"

"Nng!" The Princess of the Northern Water Tribe grunted.

Suddenly reminded of the Water Tribe princess lying paralyzed on the ice- the same one that he was sort-of, technically-maybe dating, Sokka pressed his lips into a thin line and leveled a serious look at the group of Kyoshi Warriors, "Listen, I'm really glad to see you, but we can catch up later! The city's under attack by the Fire Nation! And worse, someone shot these darts at the Princess and now she can't move!"

The Kyoshi Warriors' white painted face glanced at each other.

"Girls, help the Princess up. Let's get her to safety- away from here." Suki said softly as she and the other Kyoshi Warriors helped the princess up by her shoulders. Yue's lavender purple parka-dress stood out even more starkly as she was flanked by the Kyoshi Warriors' black armour and dark green cloaks.

"Nnggg! Nng!" Princess Yue continued to grunt, her blue eyes rapidly flicking between him and the Kyoshi Warriors.

"It's gonna be alright, princess." He squeezed Yue's hand reassuringly, "The Kyoshi Warriors are the bravest bunch of Earth Kingdom warriors you'll ever meet! We're safer now than with a dozen Waterbender guards."

"Sokka?" Suki called his attention, "We can get the Princess to safety, you should go find Aang and make sure he's okay."

He shook his head, "No can do. I'm coming along- I promised to protect Princess Yue after all."

"Suki, don't." One of the other Kyoshi Warriors placed a gloved hand on Suki's shoulder. But Suki just shook her head,

"Sokka's an actual honorary Kyoshi Warrior... He deserves to know what's going on."

"Why? Do you know something about this attack?" Sokka raised an eyebrow.

The Kyoshi Warriors glanced at each other, then Suki nodded to him, "You can say that. But we'll tell you the whole story when we get the Princess to safety. If we can."

"Sounds good to me. Speaking of which... where are we heading, Suki?"

"The royal palace." She answered, her gloved finger pointing up to where the palace towered over the cityscape, "She'll be safe there."

He looked at it for a moment before nodding, "I think you're right. It's pretty clear in that direction. Most of the smoke and fire seem to be coming from the middle and lower rings."

"The Fire Nation seems to be targeting specific areas, instead of an all-out assault."

"Looks like it." He agreed, keeping his eye out just in case Fire Nation soldiers approached from the rear.

"Nng! Nnng!" Yue continued to grunt. And Sokka tried to wrack his brain in figuring out what she wanted to say. Before she was paralysed, Princess Yue's last words were 'there's someone-' right before... right before the Kyoshi Warriors appeared.

He stopped walking.

"What's wrong, Sokka?" Suki asked, the Kyoshi Warriors glancing back at him. They had immediately noticed that he did, as if they were on guard around him.

His blue eyes settled on Suki. Her shoulder-length red hair swayed with the cold breeze. He remembered the wild rumours that he had joked with Aang and Katara on their way here to the North Pole: The ones about vengeful Fire Nation spirits, armoured giants, flesh-eating ostrich-horses and... Evil Kyoshi Warriors. His gut was telling him- screaming at him- that it was true. But, he didn't want to believe it. He couldn't. This was Suki. The first warrior outside of his tribe that he had ever come to respect. She of all people couldn't do something like that! He wanted to refuse to believe it. But... he made a promise to Princess Yue.

So, exhaling deeply, Sokka looked at her in her ocean blue eyes and muttered one thing he'd never thought he'd ever say.

"You're with the Fire Nation, aren't you, Suki?"​

There was no panic or anger or surprise in Suki's face, just a calm like the South Pole seas- as if she already knew this day would come and had already accepted it. She nodded and muttered softly.

"Yes..."

It hadn't been much of a question, but Sokka had still hoped the answer would have been something else. His hand clenched into a fist in his mittens as pinpricks stabbed at his heart.

"Why?" He wanted to shout, but instead just came out a pained whisper, "Why are you working for the Fire Nation? They almost burned down your village back at Kyoshi Island, they almost burned you back at Kyoshi Island! But we fought them off. We did it together, Suki! As One! So, just- Why?!"

"Because we lost, Sokka." Suki replied simply, sadly. And the other Kyoshi Warriors added to the story with soft voices.

"We got inspired by you and Aang and Katara, so we left the island to swear our allegiance to the Earth King..."

"But we ran into Khan early on in our journey."

"At the time, he was burning down some Earth Kingdom villages in the South-Western Front."

"So, we thought that if we could present his head to the Earth King and we'd be praised as heroes!"

"We did our best, but instead..."​

"We lost, and we lost hard." Suki finished and all the Kyoshi warriors had downcast looks, "Khan took us prisoner. Then he... compelled us to fight for him. We've been fighting for him ever since."

"But you're all here now, aren't you?" Sokka said with a hesitant but hopeful smile, "Come back to our side, we can stop the Fire Nation together! We can stop this Khan guy! Together!"

He extended his hand to her.

Suki glanced at it, but shook her head and smiled sadly, "There's no stopping Khan. You just can't. The most we can do- the most anyone can do now is to make this war less costly. If a protracted siege happens... it isn't going to stay protracted. With luck, Princess Yue here will help convince Agna Qel'a to surrender quickly, and for everyone's sakes, it should. Then Khan can manage the Agna Qel'a, get it back to its feet under Fire Nation rule, and everything'll be alright."

His hand fell back to his side, clenched into a fist. That little hope was replaced with rage. He didn't know why, but hearing the person who trained him talk about Fire Nation rule so optimistically made him angry. So angry.

"So, the rumours were true." He said through gritted teeth, that anger in him rising fast, "You're the reason why the Earth Kingdom fortresses were getting conquered so fast across the entire western half of the Earth Kingdom! And you did it willingly?!"

"Of course!" Suki insisted, "Don't you understand that we're trying to save your lives here?!"

"By siding with the Fire Nation?! By helping them conquer the Earth Kingdom?!" He demanded, then gestured to the still paralyzed princess in their clutches, "By kidnapping Princess Yue?!"

"Yes!" Suki shouted, "Every step of the way, we tried to take down Earth Kingdom fortresses as quickly and quietly as we could! So that they can be convinced to surrender instead of long, painful sieges that would inflict more suffering and consume even more lives! We've helped Khan reorganise towns to take care of its people better, and in the process, even tried to get prisoners and displaced villagers to be treated fairly!"

"Are you even hearing yourself now, Suki?!" Sokka shouted right back, "How can making the Fire Nation win this war faster be helping?!"

"What part of 'saving what lives we can' do you not understand?!"

"The part where you're siding with the people ending them!"

"Because we can't stop them, Sokka!" Suki said, "You haven't seen what we've seen; but if you did, you'd know that there's no stopping the Fire Nation, and there's no stopping Khan! Especially here in the North Pole! All we can hope for is to end this quickly and this war less costly in lives and loss!"

"And you just gave up, just like that?! Huh, Suki?!" Sokka countered. "What would Avatar Kyoshi think of her warriors giving up that-"

The razor sharp edge of a blade held to his throat and he was face-to-face with a furious Suki.

"DON'T YOU DARE!" She glared at him, and her knife was so close to his neck that he could feel the chill wafting off the metal, "Don't you dare invoke Her name! We fought with everything we had, okay?! With every weapon in our arsenal! And every trick up our sleeves! We threw everything we had at him on our best day and it still wasn't enough! Even after we became prisoners of war, we still tried again! And even then, we failed! We got fought back into a corner where we stood to lose more than just our lives then- the Kyoshi Warrior name would have been stained black for all time if it wasn't for our sacrifice! So, don't you dare say that we 'just gave up!'"

A silence fell between them as he failed to say anything.

Finally, she let go of him, and stepped away. Turning her back to him, she looked up to the night sky- snowflakes coating her red hair- and exhaled a deep, shuddering sigh, "If Khan was less of a man than he was, I'd be- We'd be..."

Her sisters crowded around her, rubbing her back and whispering. They sent apologetic nods to him, adding context.

"Sokka, what Suki's trying to say is that Khan treats us well...."

"Much better than most other Fire Nation officers would have."

"And much more than he ever needed to be actually."

"You don't know how close we got to ending someplace..."

"...without much dignity."​

Sokka didn't know what that meant, nor did Suki give him time to think about it as she spoke.

"It doesn't matter anymore." she shook her head. "The choices we've made and the things we've done, for better or worse, have set us down this path. We've crossed a lot of lines, Sokka. And now, there's no turning back. Especially here."

The Kyoshi Warriors, clad in the ceremonial dark green kimonos, nodded with each other. Their faces, usually impassive behind their traditional makeup, were stony like statues.

"You've made your choice, huh, Suki?" He responded, steeling himself for what he knew was about to come.

"Destiny has made that choice for us." Suki's grip on her katana tightened, and her voice carried the weight of decisions that Sokka knew were going to be irreversible. "That loud honk you've heard wasn't just a signal to attack, it also meant that Chieftain Arnook refused to sign the surrender that the Fire Lord offered. We, and the rest of the 41st Division have no other choice but to fight and see this through. Taking Princess Yue will help end it quicker, maybe even give the city a second chance to surrender."

"No one's going to take the princess." Sokka stated, raising his boomerang- the polished metal almost a bright silver under the moonlight. "No one. Not even you, Suki."

"Just walk away, Sokka." She said, almost pleadingly as her ocean blue eyes barely glanced at the weapon he brandished against her then to the coastal wall, "Things have already been set into motion, and it's all over now. You don't have to fight anymore, you know? It doesn't make you any less of a warrior to recognise that the best thing you can do is live another day."

"I'll do what I have to, Suki!" He shouted back, his mittened hands gripping his boomerang tighter, "So let Yue go!"

"Sokka..." Suki muttered sadly, and yet, the quiet rasp of steel still rang out- she had unsheathed her katana, "... Don't make me do this."

"Nng! Nnnngg!" Princess Yue continued to grunt wordlessly, but the ice blue of her eyes were telling him to leave her behind and save himself.

"I'm sorry." He muttered, not even sure if he was talking to Yue or Suki anymore, "But I have to try."

"Raaaagh!" He charged at Suki, footsteps stomping quickly as he swung at the girl who was just watching him with sad ocean blue eyes. She didn't move- not an inch- even as the blade of his boomerang arced towards her painted face. And for the briefest flicker of a moment, his arms faltered. But still, he managed to follow through with his strike...

"You hesitated, Sokka."

... and he hit nothing but air.

"Gagh!" He grunted as he collapsed to the ground- chin grinding against ice and snow as all the strength in one of his legs was all gone now. Then the pain bit into his thigh. Deep and sharp. His hand's shooting down to clutch his now bleeding leg. The red, already soaking through the blue of his parka. How- when did she cut him?

"Nng! Nnnng! NNG!" Princess Yue grunted, still motionless in the clutches of the Kyoshi Warriors as they all watched on.

A shadow loomed over him, followed by the cheek of a freezing cold blade tilting his chin up to make him look at Suki's pale-painted face framed by the moon.

"And hesitation is death." She finished solemnly, "Consider this as my last lesson to you as an Honorary Kyoshi Warrior..."

Teeth gritted, Sokka resolved to look Suki right in her ocean blue eyes as she looked down on him.

"... And sparing your life, my final act of friendship."

The razor-sharp blade edge disappeared from under his chin, and her katana clicked shut as it was sheathed. "That cut won't kill you if you start bandaging it now." She said softly, dropping a roll of bandages that crunched softly in the snow in front of him. "But it's enough to keep you from the fight- long enough for all this to be over... This is goodbye, Sokka. It was an honour."

In her customary Kyoshi Warrior regalia, she bowed to him, deep and respectful, just as how they usually did whenever she finished teaching him back in Kyoshi Island and right before they went out for a meal or a snack. Back in warmer days, back in happier days... Then Suki turned around and began walking away.

"Let's go, sisters." She whispered as she passed them by.

"Dammit, Suki!" Sokka grunted, trying to stand up- only to stumble to the ground every time. His blood freezing on the snowy street as he shouted, "Come back here! I'm not done with you!"

The other Kyoshi Warriors stayed behind to look at him with pity in their eyes, and with pitying voices they spoke to him.

"She just saved your life, Sokka."

"Yeah, pretty sure you'd follow us if you could... You're a good man like that. So it's better this way."

"Please don't blame yourself either- it isn't your fault. Aang just came back too late to save the Four Nations."

"And we'll make sure that Princess Yue is treated okay. Don't worry. You might want to look for another girlfriend though."

"But... What's important is that you don't have to fight anymore. So please just live on. Your war is over now."

"Bye, Sokka." "Goodbye."

"Sokka, Goodbye." "Do we really... Bye, Sokka."

"Goodbye."​

The Kyoshi Warriors turned away and dashed off, carrying Princess Yue with them- leaving him lying on the snowy sidewalk.

No.

That's not all he could do!

He could- will- keep going. He had to, because that's what a man does. With bloody fingers, he grabbed the roll of bandages, gritted his teeth in the snow- snowflakes stinging fell on his open wound before he bound it as tightly as he could.

"Appa!" He grunted the name as he picked up his weapon and pushed himself to his feet. "Gonna need Appa if I'm going to catch up with them!"

Wincing as he tested his bad leg, Sokka began the long limp to the stables.

His war wasn't over, not yet. Not by a long shot.

[Agna Qel'a Stables]

The snow was falling even harder now, as if the arctic night sky itself was crying for the city under attack.

"I hope Sokka's okay." Katara panted, her breath forming a frosty mist and under her shoes crunching snow as she climbed up the steps to the stables where they had left Appa.

It wasn't a big place- just long rows of ice pens housing the animals that the hunters used to venture out into the arctic tundras. The reek of frightened animals stewing in their stables wafted in the cold air: the arctic camels whinnying nervously from the sounds of distant fighting, and the buffalo-yaks that looked like they were about to bolt the moment they were let out their pens. It reminded her too much of the rest of the city now that it was under attack: Ordinary people suddenly caught in the middle of the war.It brought back unpleasant memories of what it was like in the South Pole.

But thankfully, Aang was there. A blur of yellow and orange robes as he breezed past her.

"I'm sure he's fine, Katara!" His voice floated back to her, tinged with that optimism that Katara wished she had right now. "You know that Sokka sneaks out to the wall with Princess Yue every night. And the wall looks like one of the places the Fire Nation isn't attacking, including here! They're probably just stuck there. So, all we gotta do now is fly on over and pick 'em up. Right, Appa?"

"Rawr!" Appa responded with a reassuring grunt as Aang led him out of his pen- shaking and airing out his fur to get resaddled.

"Well, we better get to him soon." Katara muttered as she helped Aang drape the saddle pad on Appa. "Call it a sister's intuition, but I have a bad feeling."

"We'll find him, Katara." Aang smiled, "You know how Sokka is. He probably already has a plan on how to beat back the Fire Nation!"

"Yeah, let's hope so..." Katara muttered as she pulled the hood up on her blue parka- less to keep the snow out of her hair and more to try and drown out the honking sounds. She was just tying the reins to Appa's horns when another sound reached her ears though, one that came from much closer: The metallic rattle of chains.

"Katara! We have company!" Aang shouted as he landed beside her, his staff at the ready and a fierce look on his face.

Katara whipped around, already sliding into a waterbending form. The snow around her feet turned into a coiled water whip, ready to strike... only to falter a bit as she actually spotted who they were facing.

Looming at the stable gate like something out of a nightmare, a huge shadow stood, framed by the flickering orange glow of distant fires. Larger than any man she had ever seen before, wearing spiked red armour that looked as thick as those tundra tanks. The skull-faced helmet he wore made his gaze look as if he had climbed out of the Underworld, just like a vengeful spirit. Green eyes stared them down through the skull's eye holes- not just angry or cruel, but burning with a fierce, unsettling intensity. Glowing with it actually.

Katara instantly knew in her rapidly beating heart who this was, the rumours that followed them all throughout their long journey to the North Pole didn't do him justice.

"You..." she stammered, "You're the Giant of the Fire Nation!"

Aang did a double-take, "The ten-foot-tall evil commander guy is real?"

No Fire Nation soldier that they had come across before looked like him. They were tough-looking like Zhao, or mean-looking like Zuko, but never scary. Not like this. The 'Giant' looked like what her nightmares always portrayed the Fire Lord to be: Everything that was wrong and evil about this war. Every brutal act of violence and every meaningless atrocity, all condensed in a single person. A living embodiment of the Fire Nation itself. Larger than life, clad in forged steel, armed for war, and standing right in front of them as if to announce in no uncertain terms one thing.

'The Fire Nation has come.'

Katara gulped. There was only one explanation why he was here, likely for the same reason every other Fire Nation nipped at their heels everywhere they went.

"You're not taking Aang!" She shouted, raising her shaking hands higher.

The Giant did not answer, but Katara could feel his gaze on her water whip and to Aang's staff. Then he did the one thing that she'd never expect him to do...

He backed away.

That massive armoured figure just backed away from the stable entrance and ran- disappearing into the night and leaving nothing but the howling of the winter wind and the distant clashes of battle.

"W-what?" Katara couldn't believe her eyes, and neither did Aang.

"Did we... actually scare him off?" He asked, lowering his staff, "That's never worked before. What do you think that was all about anyway?"

"I don't know, but let's not stick around to find out." Katara said back, still eyeing the stable gates as she climbed on their bison.

"Right." he followed behind her, settling on Appa's head with reins in hand, "Alright, buddy. Let's go find Sokka and Princess Yue. Yip yip!"

"Rawr!" Appa grunted in acknowledgement, before pushing off up into the air.

Katara held the saddle tight as they did.

They were barely away from the stables when the rattle of chains rang out again. And a great big metal ball shot through the air to strike their bison on his side.

"RAWR!" Appa howled in pain as the force of the impact sent them spiralling out of control.

Katara barely had time to scream too before they crashed through the roof of a nearby building, Appa's bulk carrying enough momentum for them to smash right through it before rolling onto the courtyard below. Dazed and struggling to catch her breath, Katara struggled to bend away the shattered ice and snow. Her heart pounded in her chest as she scrambled to her feet, still dizzy as she groaned, "Aang? Appa?"

"Katara! Are you alright?" She heard Aang's voice ask her as she felt his gentle hands hold her steady. Blinking, she saw his grey eyes looking at her with concern.

"I'm okay, I think." She nodded.

A low, pained groan rumbled out.

"Appa!" Aang cried out as he bolted to the bison's side.

Appa was struggling to get up, and failing to do so. Katara's heart sank at the sight as she rushed to his side. The trembling limp on the middle leg of his left flank was evidence of where the weapon hit him. She laid her hands on Appa's side, her waterbending instincts kicking in to soothe and to heal.

But there was no time, a deep rumbling voice of the one responsible echoed from the shadows.

"Now we can make proper introductions."

The ominous sound of footsteps approached, heavy and deliberate over the icy streets of Agna Qel'a, resonating with a dread that chilled her to the bone. She looked up to see the towering figure of the Giant, emerging from the shadows just like he did before. Into the light, and much clearer now, she could see each individual spike of his red and black armour as they glinted in the moonlight.

'He didn't actually retreat.' Katara realised, 'He only waited until our guard was down before he attacked. From our blind spot too!'

"I am Khan." The Giant introduced himself, his calm demeanor belying the threat in his words. "And by the blazing authority of Fire Lord Ozai, I am the appointed Commander of the 41st Division. I am also the Fire Nation officer in charge of searing away every last feeble drop of Northern Water Tribe resistance from the North Pole."

Through the dark eye holes of that skull helmet, burning green eyes fixed on them with an intensity that left no doubt of his intentions with the city. With them.

"It is nice to finally meet you, Avatar Aang."​

- Honk Softly, They're Sleeping End -
​
~ Chapter 22: Khan the Moon Stealer ~
Coming Soon for Public Release!​

AN:

This chapter occurs between the episodes... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 18 - The Waterbending Master) and (ATLA Book 1, Episode 19 - The Siege of the North). In canon, there's like a timeskip of several weeks (even up to two months) between those two episodes. This chapter is about two weeks before the Armada arrives and the full moon. Had to extend it for the rewrite.

Oof. People don't seem to like the Korra sections... That's fair, I took a gamble and it didn't pan out. No problem, I'm actually glad you all voiced your dislike instead of just grumbling silently while I cluelessly clowned forward.

I keep stocking up chapters, but end up rewriting them... This chapter was supposed to feature a Katara-led counterattack. Korra-Jinora scenes were supposed to drive the plot forward- letting me gloss over the boring stuff so that we can skip to the juicy and funny character interactions. But fine, at least that's sorted out now. Let Infont just dump out those four 10k chapters, redo the entire arc and rework the plot to be AtLoK independent. Less Korra-Jinora, and more everything else.

The sight you never want to see in Mount & Blade... When you're besieging a large settlement and the defending lord rebuffs your attempts to get them to surrender, and that is despite knowing that they're hopelessly outmatched! And then the unpleasant realisation sinks in: You're about to spend several in-game weeks in a protracted siege along with multiple bloody battles whenever the defenders sally out. Agna Qel'a is my 'love letter' to those times.
Last edited: Feb 23, 2024
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like LikeReport
Like Reactions:You, Tekishiro, SamuelAtomizer and 1,789 others
Infonticus
Feb 22, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 22: Break the Avatar
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Mar 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#3,766
Chapter 22: Break the Avatar

[Agna Qel'a - Northern City Edge]

The Avatar was going to save her, he was going to save everyone.

Yue held tightly onto those words as her Kyoshi Warrior captors chained her to a little sled in the arctic tundras. She felt a phantom shiver run through her paralysed shoulders as they did. Her purple parka dress may have been keeping her warm enough, but watching the black and red silhouettes of the Fire Nation soldiers coordinating their efforts all over their staging ground was frightening.

All the while, the blizzard raged over them all. Snow piling and winds howling.

It was as if the land itself were protesting these invaders' presence here. Snowfall battered the Fire Nation soldiers' red-black coats and freezing blizzard winds whipped their banners as if nature itself was trying to tear those Fire Nation emblems down. When she was little, her father had taught her that the North Pole's climate was their greatest ally, able to repel any attack aimed at Agna Qel'a. They were safe, he had said, nestled in the icy crown of the world.

These Fire Nation soldiers had made a liar out of him.

Through the blizzard, steam hissed out their helmets as their voices bellowed their orders, and snow melted right of their red armour as they hauled around their chests of looted spoils and pushed around her kinsmen- their heads covered in thick fur bags- as easily as if they would have back in their warm lands. And Yue wondered just how many more of these Fire Nation staging grounds were spread across her homeland. She guessed that it didn't matter right now. The North Pole couldn't stop the Fire Nation offensive, and she could only pray that the Avatar and the rest of her people would prove to be stronger.

They were.

They had to be. Because the Northern Water Tribe can't just end like this, right?

It was little comfort when she was here. Chained, paralysed and wholly unable to turn her head away, Yue had a good view of the city she had lived all her life gripped in a brutal war.

A Fire Nation soldier in his dark greatcoat and red armour walked up to them with a fur bag in hand and offered it to the lead Kyoshi Warrior.

"Thanks, sergeant, but no bag for this one. Khan's orders." The Kyoshi Warrior replied. 'Suki,' Yue recalled from her encounter with Sokka, 'An evil-sounding name for an evil girl.' Her dark green cloak turned just enough for Yue to spot the deep blue eyes glancing in her direction. "This one needs to see the consequences of her father refusing the peace we offered."

Her father had talked to them? But no one was told of any peace talks happening. Did her father meet the Fire Nation in secret?

No, that couldn't be it. She didn't believe them.

Still, the surprise was so much that Yue almost missed it when the paralytic numbness began to fade. A rush of sensations flooded back into her limbs. It was a relief, even if she was still chained to the sled. She could at least move her jaw then- she could at least speak. Her first instinct was to shout something courageous like 'The Moon and Ocean Spirit are with us!' or on behalf of Agna Qel'a like 'Please spare my people.' or even 'How could you do that to Sokka?' But no, as the only home she'd known all her life continued to burn in the distance, it wasn't any of those braver, more selfless things. Instead, her first words were...

"What are you going to do with me?"

Yue turned her head away as soon as she realised what she said, the shame gnawing at her. She had wanted to be brave, like Sokka. But she wasn't him. Not at all.

Her six Kyoshi Warriors captors shared a look with their pale-painted faces and their deep green cloaks- looking like a commune of frightening spirits under the moonlight. Suki was the one to speak. "Khan made it clear that you're very important." She said softly, "Important enough that he's going to personally keep you close once we're done here."

"Is... is 'Khan' your leader?" Yue repeated- she kept hearing that name.

"Of this entire Fire Nation force, yes." Suki replied, "Commander Khan, the Giant of the Fire Nation."

Yue gasped in surprise and fear. Even she had heard about the perso- No, that force of nature- from some of the palace guards' gossipping. The Breaker of Fortresses. A giant of metal and violence whose shadow darkened the Earth Kingdom. A Fire Nation warrior as brutal as he was powerful. And she was going to be brought before him? She squeezed her eyes shut, and whispered, "Moon Spirit deliver me from evil."

"Deliver?" One of the Kyoshi Warriors guffawed. "Yeah, I wish the Moon Spirit delivered!"

"Would have saved us the trouble of hauling you all the way up here ourselves. That parka-dress hides a lot."

"It does?"

"Aha! So you're the one who skipped a turn carrying her! You'd know it if you had felt how heavy she is!"

"You little sneak!"

"Yeah, I had to carry her thrice!"

"We can't all be like you, Suki. Your back is used to lugging around hefty things."

"Well, you better learn to love carrying- you're taking a double turn next time!"

"Dammit!"​

Her city was burning. She was captured. And now, her captors were making fun of her weight. Yue didn't think that her night could get any worse.

That was until a strange creature with claws came bolting through the snow- like a brown polar-bear-dog but without eyes and a nose that looked like a starfish. Another grotesque Fire Nation creature... Moreover, a woman in a deep red coat rode atop it. Following her, a squad of soldiers rode by on ostrich-horses, their presence slicing through the blizzard's howling.

"June!" Suki flagged down the woman atop the strange creature who was leading the squad, her voice carrying over the storm, "Where are you and the Lieutenant off to?"

"We'll be backing Khan up!" The 'June' woman said as she rode up to them- even Yue could hear the anticipation in her more mature voice, "It's payback time, and I gotta be honest, I've been waiting for this for a long time."

"Payback?" Suki repeated, "So, Khan changed his mind? We're actually going up against the Avatar now?"

"Khan, the 1st Squad and me? Sure." June casually replied as if fighting the Avatar was some small thing, "You six though? He didn't mention taking you along, so I guess it's one of those 'standing orders' deals."

"I guess that's for the best." Yue heard Suki's sigh of relief escaping as a frozen mist from her red-painted lips, "I don't think we can raise our katanas against Aang- against Kyoshi's reincarnation."

Hearing the Kyoshi Warriors speak so hesitantly against fighting the Avatar, it struck Yue with a surge of hope right in her heart. The Avatar was coming just as she had been praying for. He was their chance, her chance. Buoyed by this news, she caught that fleeting courage within her and held it to their faces like whalebone talismans against evil spirits.

"The Avatar will bring balance to the world!" she declared as bravely as she wished her first words had been. The chains binding her to the sled rattled as she pressed against them, her voice growing louder, "He'll stop Khan! He'll stop the Fire Lord! And... And he'll stop you all! As long as the Avatar is on our side, Agna Qel'a will never surrender!"

Silence from her captors.

"Pfft." June scoffed- her dark eyes peering down at her, "This cute little arctic rabaroo you got here has a nice voice, Suki. I bet Khan's going to love her. Anyway, we should get going. Don't know how long that air nomad can last against Khan."

Yue's statement, meant to be bold, echoed hollowly against the backdrop of the ongoing preparations for battle, and it was clear to Yue that her words had no impact on the warriors in front of her as if they've heard it all before. The incoming battle with the Avatar himself was merely another obstacle to overcome for them. The blizzard winds sweeping away the words from the air like smoke.

"Nyla, follow Khan! Hyah!" June cracked her whip and her mount charged ahead, kicking up a cloud of snow as they galloped to the burning city of Agna Qel'a as '1st Squad' ostrich-horse riders followed close by. The powerful creatures they rode on leered hungrily at her as they passed by.

"Not even the Avatar can win against Khan." Suki told her, and a vivid image flashed in Yue's head.

Aang, the boy in red and orange robes who was even shorter than she was, stood surrounded by these creatures and soldiers. Holding his airbending staff against the giant shadow of this 'Commander Khan.'

For a moment she began to doubt, but then the light of the moon shone briefly through the smoke- catching her eyes and shining down on Agna Qel'a; and that ragged piece of hope surged brighter in her too. That's right... The Water Tribes stood with the Avatar. She, all her kin... even Katara, Sokka's sister who actually convinced Master Pakku to teach a girl like her, was on his side. The entire Northern Water Tribe was with the Avatar. And, for the first time in what felt like her entire life, real courage filled her chest.

"No. It is not how 'the Avatar will win.'" Yue whispered- meeting Suki's eyes head on, "It is how we will win."

She believed in Aang.

Because even this 'Khan' was but a man. He did not have the cosmic, otherworldly power that the Avatar had.

[Agna Qel'a]

"It is nice to finally meet you, Avatar Aang."

Katara knew they were in trouble, definitely more than ever before.

Her blue eyes glanced to where Appa was still gingerly testing his injured leg, and the winces of pain from the massive bison wasn't looking too good. Her lips tightened into a thin, nervous line. Looks like running away wasn't an option now, and they were going to have to face their enemy head on. Couldn't have had a worse enemy to do forced in this position either. They could handle Zuko, pirates, and regular Fire Nation soldiers plenty. In a way, they weren't that special or particularly strong.

The one in front of them was different.

There, standing across the icy courtyard, was the infamous Giant of the Fire Nation himself. Made of spiked red armour and violence as he towered before them with a presence that seemed to eclipse the moon.

"My apologies, I did not plan for our meeting to be on such short notice."

A deep voice echoing from within that skull faced helmet resounded across the courtyard. With a smooth motion, he drew his own weapon- the [Meteor Hammer] that had hit Appa. A long coil of chain rattled in his armoured grip as he swung the ball of solid metal the size of her head around.

A bead of sweat- ice cold- ran down her neck, and she forced her both to move.

"If you want Aang, then you'll have to go through me!" she affirmed, shifting her stance as she readied to bend the water around her.

Aang joined her, standing by her side with a tight grip on his airbending staff. "It doesn't matter who the Fire Lord sends, you're not catching me!"

"I'm not here to capture you, Avatar." Khan replied. "No, I'm here to deprive you of one of your allies- your most valuable one in fact."

"You mean..." Katara gasped as Khan's gaze ostensibly turned to her.

"You are the lynchpin to the Avatar's success so far." His deep voice boomed through the cold air, "Without you, the Avatar will never master all four elements- likely wouldn't even master three. Your importance to his cause cannot be understated, and removing you will ensure that the Avatar will falter and fail- which makes you just as good a target as the Avatar himself. We'll even bury you rather than have ostrich-horses feast on your corpse, out of respect for your pivotal role in this entire war."

Katara couldn't help but feel the corners of her mouth tug into a satisfied smirk.

"Just try it, you oversized tin can!" She flourished her water whip around in a complex, slicing kata meant to intimidate and show off how far she's come as a waterbender.

She knew that she should be scared for her life, but when even the boogeyman of the Fire Nation considered her not just considered her a vital part of Team Avatar, but also a legitimate threat to them? It felt good. It actually felt even better than showing all those chauvinist Northern Water Tribe leaders that a girl can be better at Waterbending than them! Having her importance recognised by someone outside the Water Tribes... All the work she put into training so hard under Master Pakku seemed worth it for just this moment.

"If you think that you can beat me just because you're feeling big in your spiky armour, then guess again!" She said, standing taller, "You picked the wrong master waterbender to mess with-"

"I'm not talking about you."

"-tonight!" She finished her kata with a proud shout, before realising what he said, "Wait, what?"

"Like I said, I'm not talking about you." Khan explicitly looked at her directly, "You are only a step above that lemur over there in terms of actual utility and importance to your little group."

"Excuse me?!" Katara sputtered- her face burning in embarrassment and indignation. Meanwhile, Momo perched on a nearby rafter- chattered in protest too.

"No, the one I'm talking about is the real strength behind this small team of the Avatar, the fulcrum upon which your entire quest relies." His focus shifted- looking behind her. "Isn't that right, Appa?"

"RAWR!"

"Appa?!" Katara whipped her head around to look at the injured flying bison, then back at the Fire Nation commander, "You think Appa is more useful and important to Aang than me?!"

"Katara, now's not the time!" Aang reminded her.

"Yes. As you can see, Avatar Aang agrees with me." Khan said in a matter-of-fact tone, "His bison is far, far more important. He can stand to lose you, but not his bison."

"Katara, don't listen to him, he's trying to turn us against each other!"

"Yeah, I can see that!" Katara fumed, her annoyance fuelling her bending now, "Aang, we're taking this guy down!"

"Right. Together." Aang agreed, and the two of them shared a glance and a nod. The snow around them seemed to quiet, as if nature itself was holding its breath for the confrontation to come.

"This should be interesting." The Fire Nation commander broke the silence as he began walking towards them at an almost casual pace- his footsteps echoing across the silent courtyard.

"Oh, it's going to be more than that!" Katara shouted back, her anger now channelled into focus as she drew water from the nearby waterways.

Meanwhile, Aang kept her target busy- darted in from the side, swinging a massive [Wind Blast] from the end of his staff, straight at their enemy. Katara had seen that move before- had watched as it swept squad after squad of Fire Nation soldiers off their feet and blew them far away, but the Giant just leaned against it as if it was just a strong breeze.

Seeing that, Katara didn't bother with anything basic with her gathered water. Instead, she led with a larger attack: a massive surge of water drawn from the waterways around the courtyard. The water twisted and turned at her command, forming a powerful [Rolling Wave] aimed directly at Khan. It was one of her largest attacks- she figured that it'd be able to wash away even those powerful Komodo-rhinos that the Fire Nation had.

The Giant didn't even break stride.

With a swing of his steel-encased arm, the ball shot forward in a straight line and punched right through her attack with enough force to destabilise the entire wave- the water splashing harmlessly outwards on the streets.

"Like I said: Just a step above the lemur." He laughed.

Gritting her teeth at the insult, Katara wasn't about to give up. "I'll show you!"

She raised her arms high, calling upon the water from her previous attack to gather and rise. It swirled around his armoured legs, then with a gesture, she made the water pull in on itself to turn it into ice- encasing Khan from the waist down in solid ice and rooting him like a tree. The [Ice Crawler's Clasp] was a solid move (Both figuratively and literally, Master Pakku had flatly joked to her) anytime there was an abundance of water near her target. It made it an especially good followup move after a pushing water attack too.

Except- with an almost casual yank, Khan stepped out as if it- the solid block of ice shattering away like fragile glass from the red of his armour.

"W-what?" Katara stammered, eyes wide at that display of raw strength. "How strong was this guy?!"

"Hm, that [Chainbreaker] was a good purchase." He muttered to himself, then baleful green eyes glowed through that skull-faced helm to stare straight at her, "My turn."

"Watch out, Katara!" Aang shouted at her- launching a [Wind Blast] at something not immediately in her vision.

Every instinct in her screamed in unison, as she subconsciously realised that she had a split second chance to keep living. Her parka-covered arms raised- solidifying an [Ice Shield] powered by frantic survival instinct in the path of certain death that was Khan's Meteor Hammer.

Metal struck ice. Ice shattered and...

"Argh!" Katara cried out as that great iron ball slammed into her side. Her vision flashing white as pain exploded from her ribs. She barely heard Aang's shout as she collapsed to the ground- her cheek slamming against the icy courtyard floor.

"KATARA!" His shout was followed by a loud whooshes of his airbending.

"Urgh!" Katara tried to say she was alright. Or at least, alive. She slipped her hand under parka, pressed her palm against her side and, through the tearing pain, tried to remember her [Ocean's Waters] training with Healer Yagoda. 'Strength from the Moon, Life from the Ocean.' She repeated the mantra in her head as she tried to heal her side. The soothing coolness of the healing water thankfully numbed the pain slightly.

Meanwhile, the battle raged without her.

Desperately gasping for air, Katara barely followed it- just a pair of shadows dancing furiously across the courtyard floor where she lay clutching her ribs. Then there was a powerful whoosh of wind. And the metal ball of Khan's meteor hammer shattered the snow-covered floor right beside her.

"Leave Katara alone, Khan! You're fighting me now!" Aang shouted out, no doubt the one who had pushed aside the Fire Nation commander's weapon, and also the only reason why she was still alive now.

"You're the one putting them here, Avatar!" Khan continued to shout as Katara struggled to suck in air and heal her side. "You chose to bring your friends into this war! You chose to have them join your battles and place harm's way. They were ready to follow you everywhere; so you pointed them into the meat grinder that is the Great War!"

"That's because the Fire Nation is leaving me and everyone else no choice!"

"You did have a choice! Twice over, in fact!" Khan's voice boomed, "You made your choice when you had forsaken your duties as the Avatar; and now after a hundred years, with the consequences of your inaction close to becoming irreversible, you've made a different choice by picking up your staff as a weapon! You travelled across the Four Nations and reignited the war by giving people false hope!"

"The hope that I gave them is not false!" Aang denied, swirling up [Wind Blasts] in an effort to keep Khan distracted- powerful, cold winds buffeting Katara this way and that, "We saved them from you! From the Fire Nation! And we're going to save the rest of the world too!"

"Save?" Khan shouted back as he did his best to pulp Aang with his Meteor Hammer, "Where do you think Haru and his father are? The Kyoshi Warriors? That abbey of nuns? Jeong-Jeong's tribals? You didn't save anyone so much as you galvanised them to form resistance movements! Pushing them to war, to their imprisonments. And to their executions."

"Don't make it sound like it's my fault!" Aang angrily shouted, "You did those things! You're the one hurting people across the Earth Kingdom and here in Agna Qel'a! This is your soldiers' and your doing! This war is your fault!"

"No, Avatar Aang..." Katara heard the Fire Nation commander reply- his tone solemn, "We were born into this war just like everyone else. You were the one who turned your back on it."

Katara pushed herself up to a seated position just in time to see the battle lull again. The Fire Nation commander's words apparently got to Aang as he stood there, his jaw tight and his teeth gritted.

"Aang, don't believe him!" She gasped- ignoring the flare of pain as she spoke up, "It- Rgh! It's not your fault! You'll bring balance to the world and end this war!"

"No, we are going to be the ones to end it." Khan continued, sparing a glance at her, "Even if we have to go through you and your friends, Avatar!"

"If this is between you and me, call off your attack on Agna Qel'a, Commander Khan!" Aang shouted back.

The rattling of chains stopped, "I'd be happy to."

"... What?" Aang replied, clearly caught off-guard, and so was Katara if she was going to be honest.

"Avatar Aang, you should know that we already have Chief Arnook and most of the chiefs as well." The Giant revealed. "Even if your side wins this battle, Agna Qel'a won't survive."

The cold pit in Katara's stomach yawned open. They had the head chieftain and the chiefs? Water Tribe society wasn't as rigid as Earth Kingdom's but... they still needed their chieftains- their leaders. She'd seen what happens to Water Tribe villages when they're left without their leaders: She and Sokka have been living in a village just like that after all.

Khan gestured with his large armoured hands to the chaos and destruction all around them.

"See all this fighting and dying? You can stop it now." He spoke and Katara heard an eagerness- maybe even a touch of pleading in the giant's voice, "And the only thing you need to do is sign the piece of paper formalising what has already happened: Agna Qel'a losing this war."

Katara shook her head in denial, but kept silent.\- kept listening as the Giant kept speaking..

"Tell the rest of the Waterbenders to surrender, and all hostilities will immediately cease." He said, "The Fire Nation will go as far as to lend the services of our best healers and alchemists to aid in any injured citizen. I will personally see that this place is secured and the tribes of Agna Qel'a spared from any more warfare. No more hiding behind ice walls, no more naval skirmishes, and no more sailors lost to sea. This hundred year war will officially be over for them. Rebuilding and renovations will come, and so will free travel to and fro the mainland. Peace, Avatar Aang. Right here and right now."

"I..." Aang hesitated, and through the haze of pain, even Katara felt that an end to the fighting sounded good just about now.

*clang*

Metal rang out as Khan bowed his head as if hit, and something glinted in the moonlight as it clattered to the ground.

"A boomerang?" Katara's eyes lit up in recognition, "...Sokka?!"

"The Water Tribe will NEVER surrender to the Fire Nation!" Her brother's voice called out as he limped down the street and into the courtyard. A serious and angry expression on his normally happy-go-lucky face. The blood on his leg told her that he was hurt combined with the unwelcome news that the Princess had been kidnapped made Katara feel her heart drop. Things were worse than she thought, but he didn't sound like it did though, "Since you like yapping so much, why don't you start by telling me where you've taken Princess Yue!"

"You get one of those..." Khan grumbled, glancing back at her brother and remarking, "But thank you for delivering the good news, Princess Yue secured means that the Kyoshi Warriors were successful."

"Sokka, what does he mean by 'Kyoshi Warriors?!'" Katara gasped. "He can't be meaning Suki and the others from Kyoshi Island!"

"I knew it..." She heard Aang muttered, knuckles turning white where he gripped his staff.

"No time to explain more, but Suki turned on us!" Sokka shouted out. "Listen! This guy's the one leading the entire attack on Agna Qel'a, if we take him out, we save the city!"

"You won't be turning the tide of this battle." was Khan's worryingly calm reply, his Meteor Hammer swinging in wide circles again.

The time for talking was clearly dead and buried.

"Maybe." Sokka said with a cocky grin, "It's a good thing that I ran into some of my fellow warriors then! For the Water Tribe!"

Katara heard her brother whistle sharply and Katara gasped in relief as she saw the reassuring sight of a platoon of her brave Water Tribe kin in their blue parkas- rushing in from behind her brother to join the fight. Their rallying cry was the most beautiful thing Katara heard all night as they swarmed the Fire Nation Commander with their waterbending.

"For the Water Tribe! By the Moon Spirit, aid the Avatar!"

Meanwhile, Her brother hobbled to her side with his one good leg- picking up his boomerang along the way.

"Katara!" Sokka cried out as he reached her side. "You okay?! Are you hurt?"

He tried to lift her up by the shoulder on her injured side, but Katara immediately slapped his hand away. "Not on that side, Sokka!" She grunted, still clutching her injured side through her parka. "Got hit pretty bad there."

"Sorry. Let's get you away from the fighting for now!" Sokka grunted back as he did his best to drag her away with his one good leg- setting her down behind the cover of one of those trickling, ornately-carved fountains near where Appa was still trying to recover from his hit.

"Hey, Appa. He got you too, huh?" Sokka greeted their injured bison.

"Rawr."

"I think I can still help..." Katara gathered some water and began healing Appa's side, the sky bison shuddering as the water glowed and healed.

She glanced back to the battle to a reassuring sight.

A platoon of her brave Water Tribe kin in their blue parkas were doing tandem Waterbending- hammering at the Fire Nation commander with endless blows of ice and water. A continuous barrage of [Water Spouts], [Icicle Sprays], [Water Whips] and Aang's [Wind Blasts] flew through the air at a single target. No single Firebender they've met so far would have stood a chance, so it said something when their enemy still hadn't fallen yet. But the weight of their numbers seemed to be slowly tipping the scales, the combined Waterbending of a dozen Northern Water tribesmen proved to be too much even for even the Fire Nation Giant. And he was taking some very hard hits. A boulder made of solid ice struck him head on. A floor turned into an icy mirror tested his balance. Water Spout after water spout poured on him with force to crack rock.

But then, to Katara's horror, he seemed to be getting faster and stronger?

With a speed that looked unnatural on someone so big and heavily armoured, the Giant seemed to be pushing back- holding his ground against the combined might of Aang and more than a dozen waterbenders. His weapon was even more of a blur, and the waterbender's numbers began to dwindle with each great swing of his meteor hammer. Men were getting pulverised into red stains on the ice.

"Monster..." She murmured.

"We have to get you to safety!" said Aang as he dropped by with them, glanced at where they were hurt, "He's after Appa too! The three of you go, we'll hold him off!"

"Aang, we can't just- nngh." She whipped around a bit too quickly and her side lanced with pain, but Sokka held her steady.

"I'll get Katara and Appa out of here." Sokka answered, glancing at Appa and his injured leg, "Can you get us to the coastal wall, Appa?"

"Rawr."

Sokka grunted, "Good enough for me. Katara, you go first."

But just as they were about to climb on though, something long and red to swipe at Appa's side.

"Appa!" Katara cried out.

A large shirshu jumped down from atop one of the buildings, a familiar and unwelcome face riding on top of it. "Hey there, little squirts!" the mercenary-lady from the abbey, June, greeted with a smirk, "I'd say that it's nice meeting you three again, but I'd be lying!"

"You! You're the- Ah!" Katara grunted as she was hit by that paralysing tongue again. Only by virtue of blocking it with her arm did she avoid getting completely paralysed, but now her left arm was hanging limply to her side.

"Katara! Aang shouted as he batted his staff in a powerful [Wind Blast] at the newly appeared June. Unlike with Khan, the mercenary was not heavy enough to and she was blown from her saddle and sent crashing into the waterway.

"June!" The Fire Nation Commander shouted at the fallen mercenary.

"Dammit! Freezing, but I'm okay!" the older woman shouted, her mascara trailing down her cheeks as she floated downstream, "Nyla, time for round 2: Get that overgrown rug!"

The growling shirshu followed its rider's command- facing them off. Appa already limping forward to take the brunt of its attacks.

"Rawr!"

"Katara, get behind me and Appa." Sokka stared fearlessly back and gripped his boomerang tight.

"No, I can still fight." Katara grunted, raising her one good hand. A thin, snaking whip of a [Water Whip] was all she could muster now.

The situation they found themselves in was scary right now, but apparently...

"HONK!"

... things were about to get way worse.

"Watch out! They're coming from behind!" Sokka called out as he hurled his boomerang again.

Katara peeked a blue eye over the courtyard's fountain. And just like her brother said, large shadows swooped in from around the street corners and charged the waterbenders. The Fire Nation soldiers had arrived to backup their own leader, with their gleaming guandao glaives and those oversized flesh-eating monsters they called ostrich-horses. The waterbenders didn't stand a chance. Katara looked away as the screams briefly echoed out before being replaced by victorious honking.

Commander Khan, in his slightly dented red armour, laughed. The sound, deep and cruel as it echoed across the courtyard. "You're not the only one with reinforcements."

Suddenly, it was just the four of them again, in various stages of injury and fighting strength... against these towering monsters and the best soldiers that the Fire Nation had to offer.

Katara wasn't liking these odds.

"Sir, 1st Cavalry Squad Squad reporting in!" the lead Firebender shouted as she and her steed stopped beside the giant. Just in time as well, Sokka's boomerang curved back. But just as it was about to strike the lead Fire Nation soldier, Khan caught it with an armoured fist just before it struck her.

"Sir, thank you, sir!"

"Two of you, take Nyla and fish June out from downstream!" The giant directed.

A pair of those ostrich-horse riders broke off- leading the shirshu away to find its rider. The shirshu giving a parting growl at Appa.

"The rest of you!" Khan roared before jabbing an armoured finger in Aang's general direction, "1st Squad, we're taking down the Avatar's teammates and his mount! No more negotiations! We're sealing the deal on this war right now!"

"Yes sir!" A dozen guandao glaives were levelled at them. Glowing Fire Nation eyes were visible beyond the razor-sharp edges, as well the open maws of ostrich-horses.

Katara tried to shift into a waterbending stance, but with her side still injured and her arm paralysed, she knew wasn't going to put up much of a fight. It didn't matter to her. If she was going to meet her mother again, she was at least going to do it fighting.

The ostrich-horse riders circled around them, and in the split second when her life flashed before her eyes, Katara saw the muscles tense in the beasts' legs as they poised to charge. And just as Katara thought it was all over.

Light pierced through the night as if a white sun had risen right in the middle of them.

Aang's tattoos had begun to glow.

"ENOUGH!"

"YOU WON'T HURT MY FRIENDS!"​

A single swing of Aang's arms, and great cracks split open across the breadth of the entire courtyard like an earthquake. And with another swing, jets of water came bursting through them like geysers. The rush of an entire river's worth of water shooting up into the air with the force of a dozen waterfalls, echoing out like thunder.

She heard the Giant shout for his Lieutenant and the rattle of chains as he tried to fight back, but Aang simply focused all the water on him instead.

And through the chaos of ice and water, Katara saw the red armour of the Fire Nation getting flung in every direction. The ostrich-horse riders were launched airborne and slamming into the buildings- looking disoriented as they scrambled back onto their feet. Khan himself was blown straight through a building or two- having taken the brunt of the attack and yet stood up regardless amongst the ruins. Truly monstrous in his durability too.

But still, that display of power was enough.

Katara watched on as Khan and his soldiers stood before the combined might of a thousand Avatars and did what anyone with a brain would have done in that situation: The Giant and his fearsome troops fled before them. Their brown ostrich-horses and red armour rushing away through the blue and white streets of Agna Qel'a. Panicked honking left in their wake.

With that sight, the rush of combat finally left her.

All at once, the aches and sores and blinding pain of her broken ribs came crashing down on her. But even then, for the first time tonight, Katara smiling and laughing in relief despite the pain. "It's over..." She exhaled, "We made it!"

"Yeah..." Sokka threw his head back and fell onto his butt as he caught his breath.

Seeing that their fight was now over, the light dimmed from Aang's tattoos and he began to float down.

"Katara, help me with Aang." Sokka sighed tiredly.

"Ugh... okay." She grunted as she and Sokka staggered to Aang, and both of them wince from their respective injuries as they caught him by his red and orange robes as he floated down fully. Out of a sense of paranoia, Katara glanced in the direction of the Fire Nation again- expecting to see fleeing figures in the distance...

...Except they weren't.

She didn't know when they did, but they had turned on their heels and were barreling back towards them- gleaming weapons at the ready and pointed straight at them in a furious charge. The hungry ostrich-horses honking to tear them limb from limb came barreling at them now that Aang had gone out of the Avatar State.

"Uh... Sokka?! They're coming back!" Her voice rose into a panicked shriek, "THEY'RE COMING BACK!"

"They're what!?" Sokka whipped his head to face their attackers, spotted them and cried out. "That's not fair! Aang, wake up! They're coming back! You need to get into the Avatar State again!"

"Wuh?" Aang blinked as he tried to shake off the exhaustion of channelling the past Avatars.

Much too late.

Chains rattled again, and that meteor hammer shot straight at them like an arrow from a bow.

Aang reacted as best he could. Yellow and orange robes fluttered as he thrust his palm forward, a powerful [Wind Blast] poured out- trying to blow the iron ball in its tracks. But he was without his Avatar State and without his glider. It was weak. Far too weak. The iron ball the size of their heads impacted against Aang's open palm and...

"Aargh!" A hideous dull crack of bone resounded alongside his shout of pain. He fell to the ground- striking his head against a chunk of ice from the previous devastation of his own Avatar State.

"AANG!" She cried out as she began bending water around his broken arm- soothing it as best as she could with [Ocean's Waters]. She immediately saw the damage: His arm was definitely not supposed to be bending that way. Forearm bones were definitely not supposed to be poking out of the skin at all!

She poured all her strength into healing it. That was all she could do, even as the ostrich-horses closed in on them.

*CRACK*

A great [Ice Wall]- almost as tall as the buildings that loomed over them- formed a barrier between them and the Fire Nation soldiers, as well as the iron ball that had been about to splatter them all over the courtyard.

"W-what?" Katara could only gape in confusion at the wall, looking as if cut straight from an iceberg- its ice sparkling like a bright blue gemstone. Shadows backlit by the moon moved above them on the buildings. One of them, she even recognised- her blue eyes widened as she cried out in relief, "Master Pakku!"

Her waterbending master in his rich blue waterbending robes sent a slight wrinkled smile her way before glowering down at the Fire Nation troops, his aged cocky voice carrying through the cold air. "Well, well, well. What do we have here?" Master Pakku drawled just as more Waterbenders appeared alongside him- all along the roofs of the surrounding buildings. Then spear-wielding warriors with their grey and white face paints began streaming down the streets. The blue parkas of the Northern Water Tribe outnumbering red armours of the Fire Nation five times over. eight times over. Twelve times over!

"You look quite lost, Fire Nation." Master Pakku remarked, now having the full force of Agna Qel'a had finally rallied to face the surprise attack. And yet... Why didn't the Fire Nation look even mildly concerned?

"And you have already lost. You just don't realise it." The Fire Nation Giant shot back.

"For someone surrounded and outnumbered, you're certainly a boastful little koala-otter, aren't you?" Master Pakku scoffed, unimpressed.

The Giant seemed unbothered by the threat, his skull face sparing a brief glance up to the moon. "You couldn't beat us with the Moon out. What makes you think you'll beat us now that day is about to break?"

He had a point, Katara realised. Now that she really thought about it, she hadn't seen them use Firebending even once... It was why it was practically unheard of for the Fire Nation to attack Waterbenders at night. Why would they when waterbenders were at their strongest and they were at their weakest? And if they had been fighting them at their weakest this whole time... Every waterbender in attendance glanced at the eastern horizon. The starry, dark blue of the night giving way to growing shades of orange and reds.

Dawn wouldn't be long now.

"No, we can't let him go!" Sokka protested beside her, "He kidnapped Princess Yue!"

That seemed to alarm the other waterbenders along with Katara. In between her injury and the battle and everything, Katara had forgotten about Sokka mentioning the princess earlier.

"I see." Master Pakku's eyes narrowed- already gathering a swirling orb of water between his hands, "If that's the case then it would indeed be wise to exchange hostages with your forces. It would be a rather lopsided trade, wouldn't you say? A princess for an overgrown worm like you."

The Fire Nation soldiers around Khan looked less than pleased by that. Their red gauntlets tightened around their weapons and steam hissed out from their helmets in anger, even their massive ostrich-horse mounts honked in warning. And for a dragged out moment, Katara thought the fighting would reignite again, but the Giant gestured them down.

"Not just your princess, we also took Chieftain Arnook." He revealed- unafraid and unashamed, "And also all your lesser chieftains and their families. So, before you throw that blob of water, keep in mind that I could have them all executed at a moment's notice."

A wave of mutterings and denials swept across the waterbenders. Sokka however was the most vocal, shouting out through the ice wall that still separated them, "Don't you dare touch a hair on Yue's head!"

"I don't have a reason to do that." Khan actually glanced over to Sokka, "Are you going to give me one?"

Sokka just stared the giant down, saying nothing.

"So, you have our chieftains hostage. But you're keeping them alive." Master Pakku scowled, arms crossed, "You wish to ransom them for your freedom, Fire Nation?"

"Not exactly." The Giant replied as he stepped forward, his voice booming across the courtyard, "Tribes of Agna Qel'a, this battle was not supposed to happen, and neither was the loss of lives that came with it. I had personally delivered the Fire Lord's terms to Chieftain Arnook earlier, and he declined- preferring instead for all this fighting and bloodshed to come to pass. And now in a single night, your chieftains are captured, your Avatar lies injured, and once the full extent of your city's dire condition is revealed, you'll realise that because of your leaders' folly, the Fire Nation won while you all slept."

Katara couldn't explain it exactly, but it was... something horrible to hear the enemy commander calmly claim victory right to their faces- that they had lost because they overslept and missed the battle.

A cold dread dropped in her stomach, and silence permeated the courtyard, nothing but the soft keening of her Waterbending healing on Aang's broken arm. Then she noticed the worried looks- the way the waterbenders above them glanced at each other- even Master Pakku looked on with quiet concern. No one had a clue about how much damage the Fire Nation had done to their city, but if their commanding officer was already gloating about it, then it must not be anything good.

"I may be your enemy..." The Giant began- his deep voice solemn as he looked to them, "...but I am an enemy that prefers that as many people live to see this war finally end.You, your families, and your people included. Your chiefs are already in the process of surrendering. I am only saying that you should prepare yourselves to follow that decision."

"Surrender under the rule of the Fire Nation?!" Sokka shouted, "Forget that!"

Khan shot a brief glare at Sokka before looking to Master Pakku, "Have you elected him to decide and speak for all the Northern Water Tribes?"

"No, the boy does not in fact have that authority." Master Pakku's pointed stare aimed at Sokka quieted him down, "But what he does have is a point. You invade our lands, abduct our chieftains, burn our city and then expect us to recognise any declaration of surrender? The sheer arrogance! Our chieftains will never surrender and neither will we! The Northern Water Tribe will never bow to Fire Nation rule!"

Shouts of affirmation and anger rang out from the waterbender lines, but... Katara noticed that it wasn't unanimous- others were keeping quiet, even glancing hesitantly. The cracks in the ice were already beginning to show.

The Fire Nation Commander's skull helmet shook in refusal.

"I cannot accept that answer. Not right now. And not from a jeering crowd." Commander Khan told them, "Tend to your wounded, return your dead to the Ocean, speak amongst yourselves about how to formally respond in the absence of your chieftains, or in the face of their surrender. You have two weeks to decide if we're being generous, but know that after those two weeks- on the eve of the full moon- it will be out of my hands, and into the Fire Lord's."

The threat now hanging over them all, the Giant with his dented red armour turned towards his troops.

"1st Squad, we're withdrawing." His voice rumbled, then his skull helm turned- looking through the ice wall, and Katara's heart raced as those green eyes settled on them. "We got what we came for anyway."

Then, as if he wasn't surrounded by the cooling corpses of Waterbenders, he turned around with his battered troops following behind him. Water Tribe warriors blocked their path- whalebone spears pointed at the Giant and squad.

"Let us through." was his calm demand.

"No, you can't just let him go!"

"Sokka, that is enough!" Master Pakku warned- voice audibly reaching the end of his patience, "Let them through!"

Katara watched on as the line of Water Tribe warriors parted to let the Fire Nation soldiers pass, and she continued watching- wondering if this was yet another feigned retreat and waiting with held breath for the moment that the Giant turned around to try and kill them again. But no, that moment never came: That procession of Fire Nation red armour and brown ostrich-horse feathers disappeared in the maze of city streets.

"HOOO~OOONK!"​

She winced at the ostrich-horse call in the distance, which was apparently loud enough to wake Aang.

"Ugh... Where'm I?" Aang stirred. "Nnn! My arm..."

"Aang." She breathed in relief, "Careful, try not to move too much. You took a nasty hit to the arm and head."

"I can't hear fighting..." Aang grunted- still squeezing his eyes tight from the pain. "Did we drive the Fire Nation away?"

She gave a brief, paranoid glance in the direction where they left. "Yeah... The Fire Nation left."

He smiled. Actually smiled. "So, we won, right?"

Katara pressed her lips together- unable to answer she glanced around to the sight that surrounded them: The steaming corpses of the brave water tribe warriors who gave their lives to defend them, and to the greatest city ever built by her people.

"Won?" Sokka was the one to answer, looking utterly exhausted as he sat on a ruined chunk of building- his eyes looking to the Palace and the arctic tundras beyond where the Fire Nation retreated with all their captives, "No, Aang, it doesn't feel like we won."

(A few hours later) [Deep Arctic Tundras]

It was still a long, miserable march back to our forward operating base. So much for being the victors of the Battle of Agna Qel'a.

Trudging over the waist-deep snow, pushing against the endlessly howling blizzard winds, and navigating around the unstable pitfalls that would have seen the ground break under us, it was a difficult journey- one that we had only recently been acclimated to after a few weeks of travelling here in the North Pole.

I led the way, clad in my ragged red armour that was falling apart around my seven-foot-tall frame.

The immense beating my armour sustained from that platoon of Waterbenders as well the Aang's Avatar State was wrought across the dented metal. In contrast, the bright red armours of the 1st Cavalry Squad were practically immaculate as they rode their ostrich-horses behind me. But, the damage they took wasn't physical, it was something worse. Even without the nudging of [As One!], I heard my troops talking to each other in hushed tones. Whispers that were steadily growing louder, like an argument that was becoming more heated.

Reputation check succeeded!
100/80 Reputation Required with {41st Division}

Obedience check succeeded!
100/80 Obedience Required with {41st Division}​

The dreaded morale issues, even with max Reputation, I didn't want to risk it. Nipping it in the bud was the only right choice before it spread. I stopped in the snow, and glanced my skull-faced helmet back at them- meeting their eyes as I spoke.

"Anything I should know, 1st Squad?"

They glanced at each other surprised, as if they had honestly not expected me to hear or perhaps they were too exhausted to remember that I can. The brown feathers of their plumed helmets swayed as they glanced at one another- throwing pointed looks back and forth. June knew to largely stay out of it, being mercenary rather than Fire Nation- staying quiet and eyeing our flanks as the rest of the squad quietly and subtly gestured amongst themselves. Until finally, everyone stopped to look at their chosen speaker: The Lieutenant.

"Commander Khan, sir. With all due respect-"

"Lieutenant." I interrupted and she flinched, "None of that 'with all due respect' bull-pig. Communicate. Say what you mean. And that's an order."

Amethyst purple eyes, still under the night vision effect, glowed through the slits of her feathered red helmet and glanced around as she searched for her words. And when she finally did a few seconds later, she looked me straight in the eyes- no more pretences.

"We had them, sir." Her voice was steady and respectful, but with a tight undercurrent of frustration. "We had them right there at the points of our glaives: The Avatar and his friends, injured and easy prey. I know that wall of ice would be easy to break for someone of your strength, sir. You could have shattered that wall and there'd be nothing to stop us. We could have killed them, then conducted a breakthrough out of that Water Tribe encirclement. With the Avatar dead, Agna Qel'a would have surrendered soon after. And with us controlling the North Pole and having pacified the South Pole, it'd have been easy to find and capture the next Waterbender Avatar."

A muttering of agreement came from the rest of the 1st Squad. But the Lieutenant wasn't finished, her voice climbing in volume and cutting through the cold arctic winds.

"Commander Khan, we were so close! So close to having sealed the outcome of the war just like you said! So why didn't we?"

"Because we would have lost." I told her directly but also loud enough to reach the rest of the squad, "And with us, our mission and quite possibly the war as well."

They shifted uneasily in their saddles- obviously not expecting that answer. And in the ensuing pause, I looked at the window floating that only I could see.

HP: 94 / 1250​

My gaze lingered on the number for a bit longer, then I looked away, my eyes peering through the slits of my helmet and through those of the Lieutenant's to meet her own purple eyes.

"You've seen with your own eyes what that airbender is capable of in the so-called 'Avatar State'." I said, voice respectful for the adversary that was worthy of it- if not through raw power alone, "Calling upon the combined might and wisdom of all the Avatars before him, he was an enemy too strong for the likes of us to fight head on. That feigned retreat was our biggest and only chance to slay him in this battle. Waterbender reinforcements twenty-times our number, and the airbender reaching the Avatar State again... Either one of those we could possibly have taken on, but both at the same time? No chance."

"... Was there really no other chance to win the fight, sir?" the Lieutenant quietly asked, clearly still unable to believe it.

"If..." my deep voice began, muttering that infamous word. "If the Avatar had been our sole focus. If we had the entire 1st Regiment with us. And if we hadn't spread ourselves thin across a dozen objectives across a hostile city, and overextended our forces until our Daring curdled into Recklessness? Then yes, we could have slain the Avatar right there."

"But alone, sir?"

"We- all of us- were still too weak for that." I clenched my hand, and the damaged metal gauntlet squealed weakly in my fist. "We were not ready to seize onto that particular strand in our destiny. But one day we will be, and that's why none of you are given leave to die before then, is that understood, 1st Squad?"

"Sir, yes sir!"

"Good, and one last thing..." I looked them over, "Chin up, 1st Squad. This wasn't a mission failure. No other force in the Fire Nation could have attained the same results. By all accounts, even we should not have been able to even have gotten far."

"But we did." the Lieutenant quietly added.

"Yes, we did." I reached over and gripped her shoulder, giving it a proud squeeze, "We did impossible thing after impossible thing in this North Pole campaign so far: Marched across unmarchable lands, assaulted an unassailable city from an impossible front, and beat an unbeatable foe. Feats that Fire Nation generals could only dream of in these hundred years. You did me proud tonight."

"Thank you, sir!"

"More than that however, we have done in one night what the entirety of the Fire Nation could not for the past hundred years..."

"The fact that we successfully assaulted Agna Qel'a, sir?"

My skull helmet glanced over my shoulder, and looked them in the eye, all while not hiding the pride in my voice.

"No, Lieutenant... The fact that- for the first time in this lifetime- we have made the Avatar truly bleed."

[Quest - A Fated Meeting] Completed!

Main Objective: Inflict a considerable amount of damage on each member of Team Avatar before daybreak arrives (4/4)

Sub-Objective #1: Have Aang activate the Avatar State during your fight

Rewards:
Large bonus exp
Perk Point x2
Spirit: +10 Stat Points

Secondary Rewards:
All Stats: +5 Stats Points

+ R +

Level up Achieved!

+ R +
​

"...And Commander Khan, sir? Thank you for taking that hit for us. With the Avatar's attack." The Lieutenant said. "I don't think any of us would have survived that hit if you hadn't taken it head on."

HP: 97 / 1250​

"You're welcome, but let's not make it a habit, Lieutenant." I reached over and patted her armoured shoulder.

"It won't happen again, sir!" She saluted, her red gauntlet clicking against her feathered red helm. And her voice muttered something just a whisper. "...Because if you do that again, I think I might fall even deeper-" The blizzard winds howled over her words, "-you."

"What was that, Lieutenant?"

Her violet eyes flew wide open- clearly not expecting me to hear her. She looked away, "I-I said that I might really fall even deeper into debt to you, sir!"

"You sure? It sounded like you were about to say something else," I pressed gently, my deep voice barely a whisper over the blizzard's fury. "If you're injured, Lieutenant, speak up. I need you in fighting condition. And you certainly don't need to feel indebted for requesting medical attention."

"No, sir. My heart's still just beating fast." The Lieutenant explained before quickly adding, "... from the battle, sir."

"I see. You'll have your downtime, Lieutenant." I reassured her, "But stick close to me. If you pass out on the saddle, try to fall in my direction so I can catch you."

"Yes, sir!"

With a gentle tug on the reins, she steered her ostrich-horse to step side-by-side with me as we marched through the snow. It was going to be a long trek to base, but for whatever reason, I had the distinct impression that the Lieutenant was smiling every step of the way.

(A few minutes earlier) [Agna Qel'a - Northern City Edge]

"Any moment now." Princess Yue murmured as she leaned forward on the chains that bound her to the sled, and looked out into the blizzard.

Any moment now, her Water Tribe kin will come charging through the snow- victorious against the Fire Nation in Agna Qel'a. And the Avatar, the bridge between the Human and the Spirit worlds, would be the one leading charge. They'd defeat her captors, and bring her and all the other captives home safe. Even as the orange light of dawn began pushing away the night sky. And even as more and more Fire Nation soldiers returned from the battle on their ostrich-horses, waving at her Kyoshi Warrior captors as they passed by, Yue held onto that hope.

"HOOO~OOONK!"​

Until finally, a loud singing honk echoed from the distance.

"Well, girls, you heard the Lieutenant's little bird." Suki grunted, standing up and stretching in her dark green cloak and kimono. "Show's over. Let's pack up for the ride home."

"Finally!"

"Hey, is it mean to say that I hope Khan really handed Katara her rear?"

"Never liked her. She never liked us either, I think."

"Yeah, she spent most of her time at Kyoshi Island just glaring at us while eating our food at a distance."​

The other Kyoshi Warriors with eager smiles on their white-painted faces hooked the sled to an ostrich-horse.

Meanwhile, Yue tasted snowflakes as her mouth hung open in shock. They lost? Even with the Avatar on their side? ... No, that wasn't possible. There had to be another explanation as to why she wasn't being saved. The Fire Nation must just be retreating from the battle in Agna Qel'a. Yes, that must be it! They'll definitely save her. It'll take a little longer, but they'll definitely come for her. At least her city and her people would be safe from the Fire Nation's predations, even if she herself was not.

The idea wasn't as reassuring as she thought it would when her captors were busy celebrating all around her.

"Another mission accomplished! Glad that things went so smoothly."

"Yep, nothing like a quick city infiltration to work up an appetite. Can't wait for the victory feast."

"You two are so easygoing. Here I am disappointed. I mean, I thought Earth Kingdom sentries were sleepy but these waterbenders got nothing against them!"

"Yeah, but you know how Khan is though- he tends to give our enemies more credit than they deserve."

"That's true."

"Sisters, stay vigilant. It's not over until we're back in our warm bedrolls."

"Suki's right. Let's finish strong and earn that nice hot bowl of Khan's cooking!"

"By Kyoshi, I hope someone managed to raid some rice from the city. And maybe even some elephant koi!"

"If nature would allow it, I'd give Khan my virginity a second time just to taste his elephant koi katsu again."

"We had elephant koi just last week, Suki!"

"So what? Can't a girl be hungry and hungry?"​

They hopped on the sled with her just as the big brown ostrich-horse gave a slight honk. And with a slight lurch, the sled began gliding over the snow- carrying her away from her home. The sight of Agna Qel'a slowly began to distance itself in her view as if leaving her behind.

She had to be strong. For her people. But it was so hard right now.

"We should prepare the princess for her 'interview' with Khan." Suki glanced over to Yue, and she shrank back as the six painted faces of the Kyoshi Warriors looked down at her, their bright red lips all curling in smirks.

"Right, right. To the victor goes the spoils after all."

"Khan will want some... afterbattle entertainment. Can never get enough interviews."

"And he did say to fill the Princess in on what's going to happen so she doesn't panic."

"Khan can be scary the first time he interviews girls, that's true."

"Well, with Chieftain Arnook doing the dumb thing, it's all up to Yue here now."​

"Me?" Yue shivered, and Suki nodded.

"Mhm, so you'd better do well on your interview, Princess. For everyone's sake."

There was no 'interview,' Yue knew what that really meant. Her education was the best that her chieftain father could acquire, and she'd been taught with literature gathered from all across the Four Nations. The books may not have gone into detail, but they didn't shy away from it either. Yue knew what usually came next for captive princesses. And concerning someone who was known as the barbarian giant of the Fire Nation? There really was only one thing that was going to be done with her: Ransom, maybe even kept permanently as a ward for political leverage, and in not-rare-enough occasions, even something like forced marriages were known to occur.

Regardless, it may be cruel for her to think, but she could only hope the Giant would be too injured from the battle to do anything to her in the meantime.

Whatever awaits her, she will do it for her people.

"I'll cooperate with that 'interview'... just don't hurt anyone." Yue murmured- glancing over to the other sleds carrying other prisoners.

"Don't look so worried, Princess." Suki reassured, "We'll tell you exactly what you need to do to get on Khan's good side. We're experts who've thoroughly studied and practiced that field of Fire Nation Etiquette, aren't we, sisters?"

"Mhm! We are sure to practise our oral Etiquette with Khan at least once a week!"

"And the other Etiquettes as often as we can."

"Yep, we're very thoroughly studied and practised."​

"You are?" Yue muttered- only able to cooperate, "Then please teach me how to please Khan."

Suki regarded her with a critical eye, "You know what you're asking, right?"

"Um... No?" She answered honestly. Fire Nation etiquette was not a subject her tutors had educated her in, or anyone really, ever since the war started a hundred years ago. Apart from historical texts from before the War, they knew barely anything about the Fire Nation at all now. Not that she or anyone from the Water Tribe were inclined to learn about them, but if it lowered the chances of her insulting, or Moon Spirit forbid, angering the brutish Fire Nation Giant then she'll accept any lesson that she could get. "I-I may not know much, but I'm eager to learn!"

"That's even better!" Suki grinned widely, "Yet another pure and sheltered girl of noble upbringing falls into our laps, sisters!"

"Sweet! These girls are the most fun!"

"Inexperienced girls are nice. Sheltered, inexperienced ones are even better!"​

"And that's a good thing?" Yue felt relief flood her belly.

"Yeah, it is." Suki puffed her chest out in pride alongside sporting boastful smile on her red lips, "We've coached everyone from Earth Kingdom noble girls, to even the Princess of the Fire Nation once. It's practically our speciality. Even the name 'Suki' is well-known outside the North Pole- from Omashu all the way to the Imperial City!"

"It sure has." The other Kyoshi Warriors snickered.

"Mostly from Earth Kingdom girls from the minor nobility and some big-name merchant daughters..."

"But especially the Fire Nation Princess."

"Yeah, she'll never forget how Suki helped her. Suki gave her the 'push' she needed to meet Khan, face to face."

"A 'kick in the rear' to be exact."

"Yes, my biggest claim to fame. I'm the only Kyoshi Warrior who has ever done that to a Fire Nation princess, I think."

"Yep, and she got to see the... tender side of Khan under all that armour then."

"Really stared him down from what I've heard."​

Yue didn't know what all that entailed, and she had to wonder what kind of person the giant was to merit even the Princess of his own Nation having to be prepared for him. Still... a 'tender side' to the Giant? Yue could not see it; but if there was indeed a man behind the rumours, that may be her only hope now: Learning Fire Nation etiquette. It was perhaps the one thing Yue knew that she could do. After all, learning the ways and traditions of another Water Tribe was part of the diplomatic training that she had received as princess.

She was grateful for it. Her tenure as a prisoner of the Fire Nation may turn out to be a lot more dignified than she had first feared...

"We still have some ash-banana for her to practise on, right?" Suki asked the others, and Yue blinked in confusion.

"... A fruit?" Yue couldn't help but say out loud, "We're going to begin my coaching in Fire Nation Etiquette with a fruit?"

"Yes!" Suki grinned.

... The Ways of the Fire Nation were truly foreign and mysterious.

- Break the Avatar End -
​
~ Chapter 23: The Proper Etiquette for Surrendering Water Tribers ~
Coming Soon for Public Release!​

AN:

This chapter occurs between the episodes... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 18 - The Waterbending Master) and (ATLA Book 1, Episode 19 - The Siege of the North). We're finally getting there though. The countdown has officially started until Zhao, Anya and the Armada arrive.

I just read Focused Fire in full, and thankfully... the stuff that I had planned was vastly different to that.

Unfortunately, early access.. Will have to be delayed as my pages are still under review. Regularly scheduled posting will now be in effect at least. (PUBLIC POST DATE: 05-APR-2024)


Current Chapter Stats below...
Yes, there are indeed inconsistencies. Yes, I need to review and edit the previous chapters. I know, and it's in progress.​

+ R +

Level up Achieved!​

Name: Khan "The Giant"
Level: 11 -> 12
Level exp: 344/8000
Rank: Commander. 41st Division, Fire Nation Army.
HP: 1350/1350
Strength: 108 -> 114
Dexterity: 105 -> 113
Constitution: 106 -> 116
Intelligence: 19
Spirit: 92 -> 98
* 3 Perk Points Available.*
(Increase Intelligence to earn more Perk points per level!)

+ R +

Lvl 100 Strength Perks Available:​
[Lvl 1] Power Move (Passive): You don't 'run.' You kick the ground until it takes you where you want to go. On top of your Dexterity, add (25%) Strength to your running speed and jumping height.
[Lvl 2] Furor of Furious Fury (Active): Angry caveman powers, activate! For the next 4 strikes you make, your strength is doubled. Can be activated (2) times a day.
[Lvl 2] Flex it off! (Passive): You feel a lot better after you pose and flex your muscles. On top of your Constitution, add (50%)Strength to your Health points and Resistances calculations.
[Lvl 2] Overpower (Passive): Hit 'em hard when they're not looking, but hit 'em even harder when they are. Gain (40%) bonus Strength against enemies that you're not outflanking.
[Lvl 1] Chainbreaker (Passive): Because safe words are for the weak and puny. Double your strength bonus when resisting any physical attempt to restrict your movements.
[Lvl 1] Inventory Expansion (Passive): Carry all the crap you could ever want and never need! Gain 4x more inventory space.


Lvl 100 Dexterity Perks Available:​
[Lvl 1] Parkour Prodigy (Passive): Running? On the ground?! Like some peasant!?! your Dexterity bonus while performing parkour.
[Lvl 1] Riposte (Passive): A skill distilled from a billion hours in Soulsborne games. Attacking directly after a successful parry now carries a guaranteed crit.
[-] Pickpocket Prodigy (Passive): Yes, you can actually steal equipped items; yes, that includes their underwear. Double your Dexterity bonus while pickpocketing.
[Lvl 1] Bullet Time (Active): Dodge the bullets that haven't been invented yet. Three times a day, slow time to (80%). Bullet Time duration in seconds is equal to a tenth of your Dexterity stat.
[-] Dodge Expert (Passive): Combine with Bullet Time for sick slo-mo scenes! Gain 25% to your Dexterity bonus for dodging attacks.
[-] Prise de Fer (Passive): Swing your sword around enough and you become an expert in touching tips. Gain 25% to your Dexterity bonus for all your parry attempts.


Lvl 100 Constitution Perks Available:​
[Lvl 1] Iron Gut (Passive): Not to be confused with iron abs. (Double) your Constitution bonus to resist Poisons, Toxins and illnesses.
[Lvl 1] Clench! (Passive): Brace your glutes! You gain 10% damage reduction for all attacks that you see coming.
[Lvl 2] Relentless (Passive): Be the Party Animal as told in the legends. You no longer require sleep, and all physical fatigue gain is now reduced by (50%).
[Lvl 1] Berserker Rage (Passive): Your incredible anger is your weapon, you are... Karen Incarnate. Gain bonus Strength, Dexterity and Spirit proportional to your missing HP. Up to (200%) bonus stats more at 1% HP.
[-] Bulwark (Passive): You're like a penis- you get harder when you plant yourself somewhere nice. While standing still on a stable surface, gain 20% damage reduction for all attacks. Stacks multiplicatively with other damage reduction perks.
[-] Second Wind (Active): The Kyoshi Warriors are never going to win over you in bed. Once a day, all physical fatigue is removed and you recover 5% of your missing health.

Lvl 50 Spirit Perks Available:​
[-] It's not a Dance! (Passive): ... But it just might be a sex position. Double your Spirit bonus when learning/experimenting new bending styles and forms (and sex positions).
[Lvl 1] Spirit Rush (Active): Yes, overconfidence is now a power! Once a day, gain (20%) bonus Spirit. Spirit Rush' duration in seconds is equal to a half of your Spirit stat.
[-] Greater Chi Paths (Passive): For when it takes you too long getting your 'bending' up. Your Chi flows 25% faster. Allowing bending with fewer wind-up movements, or more powerful bending with normal wind-up movements.
[Lvl 1] Audacious Spirit (Passive): Is something draining the metaphysical life energies of your body? Just walk it off, lol! Whenever you're suffering from a debuff that affects your Spirit (e.g. Poison, blocked chi pathways, nighttime, cold temperature, etc.) Reduce that debuff's effectiveness by 33%.

* 3 Perk Points Available.*
[-] means that perk has yet to be purchased.

+ R +
​
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:SamuelAtomizer, Ghjikl, Michael_1992 and 1,648 others
Infonticus
Mar 29, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 23: The Proper Etiquette for Surrendering Water Tribers
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Apr 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#3,959
Chapter 23: The Proper Etiquette for Surrendering Water Tribers


In which... Anya makes Ozai proud during a War Council meeting with her strategic genius and extensive war crime planning. Khan reveals to the Water Tribe POWs just how utterly and phenomenally screwed they are. And Suki mentors an innocent Princess Yue in the ways of the totally legit and not-at-all-made-up 'Fire Nation Etiquette'

[Deep Arctic Tundras] (A day after the attack on Agna Qel'a)

Red silhouettes marching across the endless white plains, that's what the 1st Cavalry Scout Squad and I were.

We left behind only shallow footprints in the snow that would have trailed all the way from the devastated Agna Qel'a if the arctic winds hadn't filled them in. But for the moment, the great blizzard had abated- the sky, a blanket of gray clouds that stretched to the horizon in every direction. The Fire Nation forward operating base may be only a scant eight hour march from Agna Qel'a at a brisk pace, and we would have arrived there by now, but being the last out of the city, we were the rearguard: Moving from cave to pre-scouted cave, and on the watch for any Water Tribe counterattack- ready to interdict and give the main force of the 41st Division time to rally for a counter-counterattack.

Half a day passed as we watched the horizon like eagle-hawks, but no such attack came. No blue tide of angry waterbenders wanting to rescue their chieftains. Not surprising given the state we left the Water Tribe city in- leaderless, their Avatar injured and several unpleasant situations building up all at once.

My skull helm gave one last glance at the horizon before we moved on.

My small elite team finally arrived back to base on the fourth hour of our journey, shivering as we crossed an invisible threshold- like pushing through a thick curtain of cobwebs still skittering with live spiders.

Spirit Check succeeded! (98/50 Spirit Required)​

"Yes, that feels like home base alright." My deep voice chuckled as we were finally close enough to feel the haunting grip of the spiritual that bit deep, right through all our warm clothing and armour. "Base, sweet base."

Nestled between a long and narrow valley, the worst of the blizzards and arctic winds were held back by the jagged mountains whose shadows loomed around on either side.

It was here where we had made our base- within man-made cave structures that were built into the sheer cliffs of ice and black stone. Ruins of an ancient civilisation said to have been founded when the great Lion Turtles still roamed the realm, our North Pole Barbarian allies claimed. Echoes of such a civilization still endured here: Ancient hieroglyphs hewn into the black stone, spelling out grand declarations in a long dead tongue. Alcoves with stone idols, their frozen hands still clasped in greeting or in prayer. Frowning dragon-like statues of dark stone with icicles hanging from their mouths like protruding fangs decorated the arches of cave entrances. And inside, the floor and walls were smooth carved stone, replete with foyers and staircases and rooms and kitchens.

All clear signs of a flourishing civilisation, now fossilised in the ice and snow.

Apparently, the only reason no tribe settled here is because- every season apart from winter- this whole valley has its temperature drop lower than even the wind-worn ice sheet plains. Something about a horde of angry spirits that heap their millenia-old grudges upon this place, and only slumber in the winter months for some long-forgotten reason.

It was easy to forget how vast and utterly old this world of Avatar was. That even with all my power, it still had the capacity to make me feel so small. So much of the world that the show didn't cover, and so much that I did not know... For now.

"I said it before, and I'll say it again: this place gives me the creeps." June said softly, her dark-painted eyes considering the spiky tops of the mountains as we approached. Nyla chuffed agreeably under her.

"It's just a haunted ruin." My deep voice dismissed, "The Earth Kingdom is littered with places like these."

"Not gonna argue about that." June scoffed, "Doesn't matter which Earth Kingdom bar you waste your coin in. You're always going to hear haunted ruins this or haunted ruins that. But... some of them are definitely truer and more haunted than the rest, I'm just saying. This place? Definitely in my Top 3, easy."

"For all its downsides, it still provides us with shelter we can't find anywhere else." I pointed out, "A very welcome change after marching across the blizzard-worn tundras, and the frozen stream at the bottom of the valley even provides us a scant but appreciable supply of fish and migrating puffin-seals for food and hides. Fairly defensible too. It's the perfect base of operation... provided we don't overstay our welcome."

"No arguments here." June shrugged, "It's been comfy so far, but squatting isn't as classy when the landowners are both dead and unhappy to see us. Let's just hope those tribers call it quits soon. We already kicked them hard enough in the jewels as it is."

"Yes, hopefully they get the message." I grunted, knowing that it was still a challenge.

Soon enough, we trudged up to the outer lookout post- a squat stone watchtower half buried in the snow. The red Fire Nation flag rolled down its front like a tabard- the flame insignia flapping defiantly in the arctic winds.

"The commander's back with 1st Squad!" A {41st Division Elite Raider} called out as we approached- briefly sounding a horn in a precise interval to announce our arrival while his squad came walking out of the watchtower where they had been huddled around a warm fire with their mounts.

"Commander Khan, sir! Welcome back!" The sergeant greeted- his gauntlet clicking against his helmet in a salute.

"Good to see you made it back, Sergeant." I dipped my skull helmet in a nod before turning towards the 1st Squad, "Lieutenant, get me sitrep on all elements. I need accountability and a CASEVAC status, now."

"We already compiled the report, sir." the Sergeant spoke up. "All companies, including the Kyoshi Warriors, are at full accountability. Aid station is empty, sir, no injuries of note- it's all just bumps and bruises."

"Finally some good damn news." I sighed in relief as I patted his shoulder, "You and your squad keep your eyes peeled for possible tails now."

"Sir, yes sir!" He said with an eager salute, "If there's any waterbender who comes chasing for round two, you'll be the first to know!"

"Good. As you were, Sergeant."

"Sir!"

With one last salute, we passed the lookout tower and entered the base proper.

The sheer cliff face of ice-encrusted black stone with its walkways and caves was bustling with activity as the rest of the 41st Division in their red armours and black greatcoats went about post-combat operations. And the first thing I noticed when we did was that morale was sky-high. In between boasting their achievements to their division-mates over steaming tea kettles, my troops would wave at me. All smiles and laughs.

"Commander Khan, good to see you back, sir!"

"Those tribers-in-pajamas were worthy opponents, sir! I'd take them over Earth Kingdom soldiers anyday!"

"We sure showed those icicle-suckers, aye, Commander?"

"Commander, sir! We made you proud! 1st Regiment got all the optional HVTs!"

"Seeing a Water Tribe Chief wake up in bed and soil himself at the sight of us looming over him will be a story I'll retell to my grandchildren until their ears fall off!"

"Ours was floundering on top of his wife when we found him! We sure saved that woman from an unremarkable night!"

"Us over in 3rd Regiment want to thank you for giving us a chance to fight, Commander! We got them real good in their western flank!"

"4th Regiment too, sir! Just cause our opponents were dressed, they thought they could take us on! We sure showed them!"

"For Fire Nation and Fire Lord, Commander! We'll drink to your health tonight, sir!"

"Speaking of celebrations... Commander, let me speak for the 2nd Regiment and request for your hippo-ox 'burgers' tonight!"

"The Commander's taking victory feast requests?! Sir, we managed to claim some rice. Do we still have elephant koi left, sir?!"

"Get lost with your fish katsu! Hippo-ox burgers are better!"

"With all due respect, the Commander's fried chicken is better. Fight me!"​

Yes, morale was very high. Every single one of the 41st Division seemed downright giddy. As if springs in their steps, wide victorious smiles and raucous laughter had been made standard issue. I suppose it was to be expected. After weeks of trudging through the snow and pushing against the arctic winds, the glorious battle that I had promised to them had made it all worth it. We had stacked the odds so well into our favour that we managed not to lose anyone. Some close calls, yes. But ultimately, a flawless mission complete.

I glanced at the 1st Squad, "You all know what's going to happen in the next phase. Rest up, you'll need your strength. You too, June."

"As far as orders go, 'go slack off' is one of my favourite ones. 'specially after rearguard action." June chuckled before a smirk curled her black-painted lips. "And before I forget..."

Leaning down from her saddle, her dainty, gloved fingers tilted my helmet up and she leaned in. The goth-girl's dark lips pressed against mine- warm and soft. Pressing her slender frame against me lightly, she let out a soft longing whimper as the kiss deepened and she leaned back.

"I'm gonna have a hot bath then hit the hay..." She winked before slender gloved fingers lifted up my helmet and her soft goth-girl lips pressed against mine. "... Hop in with me?"

"Not tonight." I answered immediately, "Post-combat ops, and also.... someone has to cook the victory feast."

"Ah, that'd be a shame, huh?" Her flint grey eyes twinkled. "Almost made the entire division miss out on your cooking, me included. Fine, I'll have some of that drunken hippo-ox belly, Chef-Commander. Extra crispy."

"Someone changes her mind quickly." I chuckled, and June's dark-painted lips tugged in a smirk.

"Celebrations first, then celebrations..." She leaned in for another kiss before glancing over my shoulder, "Alright, I'm done here. Your turn to invite him into your bedroll for some after-battle celebrations too, Lieutenant."

"Wuh?!"

"Spotted you snuggling up against the Commander real comfy-like during my watch back there."

"I-I was cold!"

I glanced over my shoulder to face her, "Lieutenant, you're-"

Now under the spotlight, the same grizzled veteran who had been ready to go down fighting in a valorous last stand against an entire city of Waterbenders froze in her saddle, squeaked out a 'L-lookingforwardtothefeast, sir!' and galloped off on her ostrich-horse.

"- dismissed."

A wave of chuckling swept across the 1st Squad as they followed after their leader, and clocked out.

"Pfft. That scaredy-cat-owl." June chuckled before giving me a lazy salute and playful smile, "See you 'round, Commander."

"You too, June." I waved her off until she and Nyla turned around a corner.

Alone again, my tall armoured frame immediately went into motion- purpose coursing through every muscle as I marched in the opposite direction. It was time to finish this farcical Water Tribe resistance. It was check off Sub-Objective #1.

Quest:
THE ADMIRAL'S MOMENT OF TRIUMPH

Main Objective: Ensure the Fire Nation wins the Siege of the Northern Water Tribe... without dooming the world.

Sub-Objective #1: Secure a formal declaration of surrender from the Northern Water Tribe
Sub-Objective #2: Stop Zhao from killing the Moon Spirit

Secondary Objective: Convince Zhao to willingly give up on his goal of killing the Moon Spirit.

Rewards:
Large bonus exp
[Moon Blessed] No, it's not a dummy-thicc Moon Goddess flashing you her ass. ???

Secondary Rewards:
Large bonus exp
Large Reputation increase with the {Firelord Ozai}
Large Reputation increase with the {Fire Nation}
Legendary Item x 1

+ R +​

The POW quarters weren't far. After all, the objective was to acquire a formal declaration of surrender, not to kill them all.

Through a massive open doorway in the cliff face, I marched through. Stone reliefs of some long extinct hybrid creature flanked the entrance, their frosted over eyes staring down at anyone who entered.

A short stone hallway opened up into a vast open area under the mountain. From open windows high above, transparent rays of arctic sunlight streamed in with sprinkles of snow from open windows, down over a great expanse of stone seats overlooking a stone stage. Maybe a forum or a theatre once upon a time; but now, it was our ostrich-horse stables. At least forty of the great brown creatures had made their nests up in the audience seats where they could have a commanding view of the POW area. Their beady black eyes stared hungrily down to the stone stage to where the Chieftains and their heirs- still in their sleepwear- huddled together for warmth with their thin bedrolls.

I stepped in to where a squad of my soldiers were caring for some chirping ostrich-horse foals. Armchair-sized balls of yellow fluff waddling on velociraptor legs.

"Commander Khan, sir!" The {41st Division Elite Raiders} saluted as soon as they noticed me.

"At ease. Any escape attempts from the pajama brigade?" I asked them- glancing at the prisoners who were barely even restrained, and their 'cage' was little more than a shoddily put together fence made of whatever loose material we could scrounge up in this barren tundra- mostly rubble from around these ruins. A group of people could push it over if they wanted, or just clamber over it. Not that they would.

"Just two heirs, sir." He replied, gesturing to the ostrich-horse foals who were apparently using the bones of the stupid chieflings who tried to escape as a chewtoy. "They climbed over the fence and immediately got snacked on. The clever birds have been quiet ever since they figured out that the tribers only try to escape when they're being quiet."

I nodded. As much as the ostrich-horses liked their meals slow-roasted over a spit, they liked it just as much when their food ran and screamed. It worked wonders as a deterrent for the other prisoners. Bind people in chains and collars, and they'll yearn for freedom. But surround them with a horde of flesh-eating animals, and they'll reinforce the bars of their cage from the inside. It only took two of them dying this time around too.

Through the eye slits of my skull helmet, I squinted at the huddled mass of prisoners as something off caught my eyes.

"Where's Chieftain Arnook?"

"Chieftain Essin and his grandson are interrogating him." He gestured down the dark corridor leading deeper still into the mountain. "They took him to the side room on the far left, sir."

Immediately, I was marching for the corridor. It wouldn't do if they killed the Head Chieftain after all. Of course, his life was already forfeit- Ozai's gargantuan pride meant that he'd never let someone who had spit on his handwritten offer of surrender to ever be allowed to live. Chieftain Arnook was a dead man walking. But until that news reached the Fire Lord's ears, the chief still had his uses in pacifying the Northern Water Tribe. Nevertheless, it was good to have a spare signatory, just in case something... unfortunate happened to the chief.

Suki should be tackling that issue right now with my high-value detainee, easing Princess Yue into what she may need to do to preserve her people.

[Khan's Abode]

"Glurgrhk! Glurgrhk! Glurgrhk!"​

Unable to take it anymore, Yue pulled back, choking and coughing with tears streaming down her cheeks. Thankfully, she felt a hand gently thump her back.

"You managed to take it halfway, Princess! "You're a natural at this!" Suki cheered, followed by the polite clapping of the other Kyoshi Warriors, their green-garbed figures looking entirely too comfortable lazing about their commanding officer's private quarters, snacking and reading.

Yue just continued to cough, "Do Fire Nation women really need to be able to swallow one of these 'ash-bananas' whole?"

"Yes." answered Suki immediately. The other Kyoshi Warriors just shrugged.

"We don't make the rules. That's just... how they do it in the Fire Islands."

"Yeah, everyone knows that."​

"I think the Princess got very good at it before we left? Suki?"

"I pestered Khan for details. She was so-so. Lacked enthusiasm."​

"Water Tribes have had stranger traditions, I suppose..." Yue mumbled, "Like daubbing their faces with tiger-seal blood, or fermenting salmon in pouches until it reeked enough to wake the dead."

"Yeah, odd Fire Nation quirk, let's go with that." Suki smiled.

"Maybe, but this is still impossible." Yue huffed in frustration, fixing her white hair back and helplessly glaring at the masticated fruit resting on the table that had clogged her throat. A bunch of six ash bananas lay on the stone surface- each one progressively larger. The smallest two were still glistening with her saliva- having fit them in her mouth easily. The third was a jump in thickness and only shone under the lamplight halfway down to where her throat had violently protested and she had to back off. "They're longer than my hand is from wrist to fingertips!"

"Oh please." Suki rolled her eyes, her gloved hand deftly plucking the largest one from the table and- with a brief lick to the tip- took the entire thing in her throat with one smooth motion. The entire thing's length disappearing between those bright red lips before just as easily sliding it out.

Yue just sat in amazement.

"See? It's possible." Suki winked before setting down the ash-banana, "We've had practice with something even bigger than this."

"How long do I have before the commander arrives here?" Yue glanced away, chastened by her own ineptitude at the Fire Nation art of ash banana swallowing.

"Khan? He's already here." The redhead shrugged. "That horn meant that he arrived at base."

Yue felt her blood freeze, her eyes immediately homing to the fur door and expecting the Giant to walk through it, "He is? But, I still can't even swallow the third ash-banana yet!"

"Don't look so worried, Princess." Suki reassured, "He tends to have a lot of stuff to do after a battle. Especially one as big as this. Sometimes, he spends the entire day just walking around the base and checking on things! So, you still got a lot of time to train your throat before he comes back."

Yue pursed her lips, still nervous.

"Besides, we have a secret weapon that'll definitely impress him!"

"Yeah, we definitely do." The other Kyoshi Warriors snickered. "All those arctic rabbits we caught won't be in vain. Khan will definitely appreciate it."

"So, yeah. No sweat." Suki smiled, "Just need to keep at it, and you'll be deepthroating co- ash banana in no time! Pair that with our secret weapon and Khan will be very impressed."

"Moon Spirit willing, he will be..." Yue mumbled, finding her eyes wandering around and tracing the wall carvings of extinct creatures on the dark rock. The oil lamps illuminated them all, almost hidden behind the stacks of books. The Giant's own abode had a lot more reading material than she had first thought. A library's worth of it. Books and scrolls arranged in neat stacks and piles, all with little bookmark threads of every colour hanging within their pages. Some even lay open to reveal obscure topics that were beyond even her education.

"A lot more books than you thought there'd be, huh?" Suki said- her red lips curved in a knowing smile. "Let me guess. You never would have thought Khan to be the bookish type, huh?"

"Yes." Yue admitted easily, "Especially with how many there are here. Books are difficult to care for in the cold, wet conditions of Agna Qel'a. Everyone still preferred word of mouth more than anything else. In the libraries that we do have, the books and scrolls are locked securely inside wooden boxes treated to resist water- with wood also being a premium commodity in the North Pole. A library is a display of great wealth for us, and as I understand it, also a mark of a high station in other nations as well. By any chance, is Commander Khan from a Fire Noble Clan?"

"Actually~" Suki began, but the other Kyoshi Warriors stopped her- looking up from their books and blades to scold her.

"Suki... remember what Khan said about loose lips."

"She's already in our care anyway." Suki casually dismissed, "And we've been doing our womanly exercises everyday so loose lips are the least of Khan's worries. But seriously, I think it'll help the princess here be more motivated to cooperate, and that'll help Khan a lot more, don't you think so?"

"I don't know about that, chief..."

"Missives have already been sent to all Fire Nobles anyway, so it's already an open secret in the division."

"Yeah, but the Princess isn't."

"And if Khan gets mad and cuts all of us off... Definitely not worth it."

"If Khan doesn't like it, I'll give up my spot on our weekly massage session for... one month."

"Make it two months!"

"One month and I'll include my right to veto on food suggestions. But if he does, I get first in line for just as long!"

"Deal!"​

Yue watched the Kyoshi Warriors shake hands with their leader.

"Alright, Princess." Suki said as all the Kyoshi Warriors gathered around the table with her, "We'll let you in on the juiciest gossip. Insider scoop on the news straight from the Fire Nation Royal city of Hari Bulkan, just for your ears!"

Gossip, the magic word.

"Is this about the commander?" Yue couldn't help herself. Why wouldn't she try to know more about her captor? Moreover, it was from the secretive Fire Nation Royal City as well? No one has heard anything from that place! Some have even said it was just Fire Nation propaganda!

"Mhm!" Suki raised an eyebrow at her, "You still want to hear?"

Yue nodded eagerly, "Please tell me..."

Suki leaned in and whispered right into Yue's ear, "So, about Khan... He's more than just a hotshot Fire Nation commander, he's also the Fire Lord's favourite officer. He recently accomplished something huge- I can't tell you what it is, but it's something so big that the Fire Lord himself commanded Khan to marry into the Fire Nation Royal Family. As soon as this war's over, Khan's gonna be the Prince-something of the entire Fire Nation."

"The Giant is a Fire Nation prince?!" Yue gasped.

"Yep, pretty neat, right?" Suki leaned back, her red lips in a smug grin, "He even looks like one under all that armour."

But appearances were the last thing on Yue's mind then.

The Prince-to-be of the Fire Nation had led from the front, and she was going to be interviewed by him? The future Fire Lord? So, even if they won and drove the Fire Nation from their lands, they would still need to deal with Khan. And with her being princess, it was highly likely that this won't be the last time they saw each other. This changed everything. This was no longer just the meeting between captor and captive. This was the meeting of two future heads of Nations! Now, more than ever, she had to establish good rapport with him. The future of the entire Water Tribe rested on her shoulders...

She looked at the ash bananas laid out in front of her.

... Or more accurately, the future of the entire Water Tribe rested on her ability to take these ash banana in her mouth.

She'll show them what her determination looks like. Without further prompting, Yue swiped the largest one and- to the amazement of the Kyoshi Warriors- slammed her mouth down onto it.

"By Kyoshi, she took it all the way to the base!"

"Go, Princess Yue! Suck on that ash banana like it owes you money!"

"Aw yeah, now the party's really getting started!"

"Khan's not gonna know what hit him!"

"Just hold that ash-banana for a few breaths longer, Princess!"​

Yue choked around the thickness of the ash banana, and her eyes began to water. But surely, the prince-to-be will be very impressed with her Fire Nation Etiquette now, right?

[POW Quarters]

I can trust that Suki and the Kyoshi Warriors will impress in Yue the need to cooperate. Princesses and noble girls tend to be weak against any sort of peer pressure after all, being the attention whores and social tsunderes that they are.

That was 'Plan B'.

We hopefully won't need the princess to play any major role in getting Agna Qel'a to surrender. But it was good to have a backup plan in place if 'Plan A' didn't succeed: Convince Head Chief Arnook and all the other chieftains to sign a Declaration of Unconditional Surrender. They sign it, we send a duplicate copy over Agna Qel'a to notify them that the Northern Water Tribe has officially surrendered, and hopefully, whoever is leading the city will recognise the document and lay down their arms. It'll actually be an even greater victory for the Fire Nation than the originally suggested conditional surrender.

Now I just needed to have the 'Had enough?' talk with Chief Arnook, but apparently, I was beaten to it.

As I neared the doorway where warm orange glow from whale oil lamps was streaming through, a meaty thwack of impact echoed out shortly followed by Essin's creaky elderly voice.

"A fair hit, boy. Give him another one, right on his shrivelled little anchovy this time."

My armoured hand swept aside the fur door as I entered. Chieftain Arnook was still in his blue pajamas, gagged and manacled to a column as the aged barbarian chief Essin stood over him. His grandson was also there with him, the child's wide blue eyes looked up at me as he held a steel club raised above his head as if he was batting for a homerun. Thankfully, Chieftain Arnook looked relatively unharmed. Bruising, but nothing drastic.

"Khan, you returned early." Essin welcomed me with a toothless smile, "You'll have to forgive an old man. As glad as I was that you managed to do as I asked and brought this squirming winged eel to me, I was a little disappointed that you brought him so... unharmed. We just had to correct that."

"Remember our agreement, chieftain." I reminded him with a sigh, "His sentence comes after Agna Qel'a falls."

"Sentence?" the old man repeated- playing innocent, "No, I haven't even passed judgement yet. This is just a harmless flake of fun between chieftains. Isn't that right, Arnook?"

With his gnarled hand, Essin yanked the gag off.

"Traitor!" was the first word out of the old Northern Water Tribe chieftain's mouth. "How could you lead them to Agna Qel'a? How could you betray the Water Tribe's covenant with the Moon and the Ocean Spirits?"

"Boy." Essin growled, and little Eswar swung with all his six-year-old might.

"Gugh!" Arnook grunted as the steel club struck his side- the thin fabric of his blue sleepwear providing no cushioning.

"You were the one to betray the Ocean and Moon Spirits." Essen said with a toothless sneer, "You were the ones to abandon the old ways and the old pacts. It was your tribe that claimed Agna Qel'a for your own, and for generations, hoarded its blessings. Used them to press your ways upon the tribes and exiled those who spoke up against you. And in doing so, you repeated the same mistakes that had sundered the Water Tribes between North and South more than a thousand years ago."

Arnook fired back, "You cite past wrongs and ancient history, but what my father and his father before him did was necessary to safeguard the North Pole from the Fire Nation aggression! And now, you treasonous mink-snakes have led them straight here to destroy Agna Qel'a itse- Gugh!"

Another thwack right on his belly knocked the air out of him.

"Nice swing, boy."

"Wait, what were the blessings you mentioned?" I spoke up. The Spirit Oasis housing the Moon and Ocean Spirits; and the Spirit Oasis waters possessing healing properties in the hands of a skilled Waterbender were all facts known to me. But their effects on the Agna Qel'a at large? Now, that was something that I haven't read about it.

"Well, you see-"

"Don't!" Arnook protested- his blue eyes flicking towards me, "It is not for outsiders to hear!"

"Oh shut it! This Hot Lander's toenail has more respect for our ways than you do." He barked back before turning his wrinkled face towards me, "Waterbending may be the Moon Spirit's gift to us, but it is these Blessed Waters of the Ocean Spirit that truly sustains us. When we say 'Agna Qel'a', what we're actually speaking of is the Spirit Oasis. The water that springs from the Spirit Oasis and flows through Agna Qel'a? More than just the fact that the entire city is built from such waters, it enlivens the spirit of all Water Tribe that drink from it. And as it flows out into the ocean,it makes the seas teem with bountiful life- shoals of every fish, whole pods of whales and squids... enough to feed all the mouths of the Water Tribe and more."

"That's why Agna Qel'a isn't your holy site." I said in realisation, "The Spirit Oasis is."

"As it has been since the Ocean Spirit granted us life." The barbarian chieftain nodded solemnly, "The city itself can sink into the ocean with all its spoiled, ignorant inhabitants for all we care. But as long as the Spirit Oasis endures, so shall the people of the Water Tribe."

"And it's- nevermind." I stopped myself from making a comment that I shouldn't. In Avatar: The Last Airbender canon, it was made clear that no one- not even the Water Tribe- knew that those two Yin Yang fishes in the Spirit Oasis were actually the mortal incarnations of the Moon and Ocean spirits. Lost knowledge that only Wan Shi Tong had access to... It made me wonder what else was in that library.

Instead, I whipped out a vial of said water from my [Inventory]. One that I naturally swiped during the raid.

"That's... You've stolen Spirit Oasis Water." Arnook said hollowly, then his disbelief turned into anger as he snarled, "Is nothing sacred to you, Fire Nation?!"

(Uncommon) Spirit Oasis Water​

Water touched by the Ocean and the Moon Spirits themselves.

In the heart of the Northern Water Tribe lies the Spirit Oasis, a sacred and serene garden unspoiled by the outside world. The water from the Spirit Oasis is unlike any other; it shimmers with a luminescent quality, reflecting the celestial dance of the moon and stars even under the sun's gaze.

This water, imbued with profound spiritual energy, is a gift from the Moon Spirit and Ocean Spirit who reside within the Water Tribe's hallowed sanctuary. Drinking or utilising this water in bending practices stir up inner strengths, heal injuries beyond mortal capabilities, and offer protection against dark spirits. Its sacredness to the Water Tribe make it a treasure sought by many, and thus guarded fiercely by the Water Tribe, for it holds the essence of their protectors and the delicate balance of the natural and spiritual worlds.

Its benefits can only be directly enjoyed and utilised by those born of the Moon and the Ocean.​

Known Effects:
???

Requires:
[Water Tribe Origin]

+ R +​

"I can feel that only those of the Water Tribe can make use of this." I muttered bitterly- eyeing the glittering water. Waterbender-only gear, this was. Class and race-locked items were always a pain, particularly when it's not the class that you're playing as at the moment. Where's the Fire Nation only gear anyway? I had the Kyoshi Warriors skulking around taking inventories and not once did has it turn up! Just something to search for the next time I visit the Capital, I suppose. Perhaps if I ask nicely enough, Fire Lord Ozai might have some rare or even unique Fire Nation gear for me. I was going to be his son-in-law after all.

"See? Even the Fire Nation can sense what is our birthright." Essin nodded approvingly before glowering at the other chieftain, "The same birthright that you denied from us."

Arnook bristled- blue eyes staring hard at the barbarian chief as he spoke, "I recall my grandfather retelling how it almost cost Agna Qel'a dearly in the early days of the war. Our survival hinged upon unifying the tribes- for Agna Qel'a to flow as one river! Removing the countercurrents was only necessary measure!"

"Necessary?" Essin spoke, "It was inevitable that the Water Tribes would face some crisis. As predictable as the tides! Roku, Kyoshi, Kuruk, Yangchen. In every single one of those Avatars' lifetimes, the Four Nations swirled and burned and cracked. If it wasn't another Nation invading, it would have been a storm of angry spirits, or another Platinum Affair, or yet another upstart Fifth Nation. 'Saving' the North Pole against the Fire Nation was just the most convenient mask for your blatant seizure of power. If the Avatar had not slept, your tribe would have had to answer for that."

"But the Avatar fights for us!"

Essin' milky eyes and his already wrinkled brow furrowed as he briefly glanced in my direction.

"Which is why we joined the Hot Landers." He said, "You may have the Avatar, and your tribes may have become stronger than any of us lowly 'barbarian' tribes from supping on the Ocean Spirit's blessings for decades. But now with the Hot Landers' help, we will melt the corrupted ice of Agna Qel'a all away, and let the unclean waters flow back to the ocean. It is the only way to restore balance to our lands and to the Water Tribes. Back to how the Ocean and Moon had first intended."

"Burn it down and from it build something greater." I intoned with a nod.

"If the Fire Nation conquers Agna Qel'a, they will claim it for themselves!" Arnook's aged voice shouted, "You'd willingly put your Water Tribe brethren under the yoke of the Fire Nation?! To have our largest city reduced to ruins?"

"Now you call us brethren, you slimy winged eel?" Essin glowered hatefully. "When your father and grandfather were all too eager to exile us from Agna Qel'a- hoping that we'd die out here? You and every single one of your traitor tribes can fall on the Hot Lander's swords, and you'd deserve nothing less. And it is of little consequence if the Fire Nation occupies the North Pole, they will never permanently settle here, you know that. They don't have the stomach for the cold embrace of this land that the Ocean and Moon Spirits have gifted us... No offence, Khan."

"None taken." I shrugged my armoured shoulders.

The barbarian elder continued, "Their Fire Lord can grip our lands of ice and snow as tightly as he can, but as anyone who has held an unmelting shard of ice knows- sooner or later- one will need to let go. What are a few years of Hot Landers shivering in the snow and acting tough compared to another hundred years of sanctimonious chieftains hoarding the blessings of Spirit Oasis for themselves? And when the Fire Nation leaves- and they will- the Water Tribes will flow back into places that the Ocean Spirit has always intended for us. All will be made right, and balance will be restored."

"With you as the Head Chieftain of all the Northern Water Tribes?!"

"No. Don't be daft." the aged barbarian chieftain snorted, then placed a hand on his grandson's shoulder, "Eswar will."

Arnook glanced at the boy no older than six, then at me. "Your plan will not succeed."

"I'll let the Hot Lander speak for that matter." Essin grinned toothlessly.

That was my cue to carry on the conversation. I stepped forward- my tall, armoured frame blocking the torchlight from his face with my shadow.

"Arnook." My voice reverberated inside my helm as the skull face leered down at him, "Your city has been ravaged, your daughter made captive, and all the chieftains of Agna Qel'a and their families are just a whistle away from being a feast for the ostrich-horses. I'm going to draft a declaration of unconditional surrender. And you're going to sign it."

"Now, wait a moment." Essin's aged brow furrowed- the liver spots on his brown skin disappearing in the wrinkles. "Is this how you Hot Landers finish your wars? With writing? You have all his sycophantic chiefs and even his daughter captive. What even is there to negotiate, Fire Nation?"

"The alternative..." I met Chieftain Arnook's blue eyes again, "...is for my forces to march for Agna Qel'a with all their chieftains' heads mounted on a spike rack of whalebone, smash aside their soldiers and demand that they grovel for mercy before us."

Essin's mittened hands rubbed his chin. "A chance to see all these fat chiefs' slack jawed expressions as their brains drip down some whalebone spikes..." The aged barbarian chief grinned toothlessly, That's actually a very good plan, Fire Nation. We should definitely just do that instead!"

"No."

"Bah!"

"So, what say you, Arnook?" I continued, "Will you save your chieftains and their families from-"

But before I could even finish, I found myself tilting my head- narrowly dodging the glob of bloody spit the water tribe chief horked at me.

"Moon and Ocean Spirits curse you, Fire Nation!" the Water Tribe chieftain shouted, "If you had truly won, then we would be in Agna Qel'a right this very moment and you would not be so driven to have me surrender otherwise!"

"Chief Anchovy has a point, Hot Lander." Essin hummed, "I passed by your men celebrating a great victory. Smiling, singing and even drinking. But we are not lounging in the Palace of Agna Qel'a, are we? Seems premature, if you ask me."

"Yes, I have seen through your tricks, Giant!" Arnook declared as if he had won some great mind game over me.

Essin frowned, "It just means that the Hot Lander will kill more of your lickspittle tribesmen first, Arnook. Makes no difference in the end, but it does make me feel better."

I almost missed the time when heads of state were cowardly amoeba that bowed and scraped to whoever threw it money. Almost. Honestly, it was leaving me more than a little confused as to where the Water Tribers were getting all their confidence from. But then it struck me, the reason why Arnook was so supremely confident and hopeful.

"You don't know..." I said, the mirth rising in my voice until I was laughing. And in the confines of this small room, the sound was only amplified. They didn't know about the Armada. And from an outside perspective, they thought we- a lone Fire Nation division- were the main invasion force. One that had just entered in a winter war against the entire Northern Water Tribe rather than a deadly first strike intended to utterly seal the doom of Agna Qel'a via apocalyptic naval bombardment.

"You holding out on us, Fire Nation?" Essin was the one to ask- his liver spotted brows furrowed. "What don't we know?"

"Empty Fire Nation boasts, no doubt." Arnook spat, his blue eyes still glaring at me with that defiant gleam.

Where it was getting annoying, it now amused me to no end.

"Oh, it is far from empty." I chuckled. "But before you can understand the scope of it, I have to ask: Have you ever seen a Fire Nation Cruiser, Chieftain Arnook?"

"They sink like any other ship." he spat- already seeing the general direction this conversation was going, "Even if you rally a dozen or two dozen or fifty of your metal ships! Agna Qel'a will not fall!"

"Then what about a hundred?" I held back a laugh as even the thought of fifty Fire Nation Cruisers- each one able to lay waste to an Earth Kingdom town- arriving to his shores, was enough to make that defiant expression strained.

But still, he spoke up defiantly, "Not even if you rally a hundred ships to the North Pole, you'd-"

"It isn't fifty or even a hundred Fire Nation warships." I said, feeling a smile widen under my skull helmet. "No, it's an armada of two hundred Fire Nation warships. Each of them loaded to the brim with enough high explosive munitions to hammer, blast and melt Agna Qel'a back into the ocean."

"Two hundred...?" The Northern Water Tribe chieftain was rendered speechless, but I continued to twist that fact into his side further.

"And just in case you were holding out hope that anything would survive the initial bombardment..." I stared down at the fearful look from Chieftain Arnook, "Think of how much destruction my thousand troops and I were able to wreak in one night, then imagine what those two hundred Fire Nation warships ferrying forty thousand veteran soldiers from all across the Earth Kingdom could do in a week."

"You lie!" Arnook cried out, desperate in his defiance, "You're bluffing, Fire Nation!"

I only stared him down harder, voice rumbling with threat, "'You're bluffing!'... that would make for an amusing epitaph of the Northern Water Tribe. Perhaps we'll add 'No, we in fact were not.' underneath it."

"Hah!" Essin gave a bark of laughter, "How about that! A Hot Lander with a sense of humour! Warms this old heart."

But that was still enough to make Arnook quiet, and watching that hopeful defiance bleed away from his eyes was satisfying. This was the moron who put us into this position in the first place. I was supposed to be managing a snow-weathered city by now, and making it flourish in preparation for Zhao's arrival. But no, he just had to be the same idiot who- in Avatar canon- vastly overestimated his people's ability to fight the Fire Nation invasion. Even now with twice as many Fire Nation ships sailing to burn his home down and with the 41st Division having devastated his city, he still resists.

My patience was wearing thin for this stubborn moron.

"One way or another, the 'Northern Water Tribe' will be made a noncombatant in the war- either as Fire Nation subjects or ash in the arctic winds. The Fire Lord doesn't care which. Even now, he awaits word of your surrender confirmed by yours truly. That's the only way the Armada will be called off, and also the only way that your people live to see this war end. Your people have all become too comfortable and... soft inside your city walls- they won't survive the coming firestorm."

"We appreciate the gesture, Hot Lander." Essin chuckled, "But we would be satisfied- maybe even prefer- if they don't survive to see the next spring. There are more than enough of us 'Barbarian tribes' to rebuild Agna Qel'a. In the way that it always should have been."

The Northern Water Tribe forsaken even by their distant kin, Chief Arnook hung his head low- dishevelled brown hair over his eyes as he muttered something.

"What was that?" I prompted.

"I will sign our declaration of surrender." He said the magic words... but even then it wasn't without strings attached. "On one condition: My daughter is not to be harmed."

"How touching." Essin sneered, placing a hand on the shoulder of his orphan grandson.

As for myself, I sighed in exasperation- steam escaping my skull helmet's mouth slits, "That wouldn't be much of an unconditional surrender, would it? The previous offer of a conditional surrender is no longer possible. Only Fire Lord Ozai is authorised to draft such a document; and after you had made a mess of the previous scroll he had worked so hard to write himself, I doubt he'll feel generous enough to write you another one. The unconditional surrender is non-negotiable, chieftain."

He squeezed his eyes shut, bowed his head in defeat. "What do you want in exchange for my daughter's safety, Commander Khan?"

"What do you have to offer that we do not already have to claim as victors?"

"Then..." Arnook looked up to me and, with a pleading tone, asked, "...then what reason do we have left to surrender?"

My skull-faced helmet merely glowered hatefully down at him as I answered, "Take your question to the Air Temples and ask the bones if they have the answer."

[War Council Chambers - Fire Nation Royal Palace]

"Why hasn't word of the Northern Water Tribe's complete surrender reached us yet?"

Shadows danced across the red walls of the grand chamber gilded with polished brass flames.

The greatest generals and admirals of the Fire Nation were assembled here today for an inauspicious event. A great map of the Four Nations was laid out in the centre- now sporting a lot more Fire Nation flags across its expansive face than there was a year prior. And sitting around it were powerful men and women with long titles and fearsome epithets earned from the fires of war. These people who commanded the greatest military force that was now on the cusp of claiming the entirety of the Four Nations- sat on their little cushions, petrified out of fea- respect for the Fire Lord.

Grand Admiral Zhao, He-whose-long-titles-and-fearsome-epithets-are-pending, sat on his cushion and casually brushed some stray ash from his black and red armour, secure in the knowledge that he was one of the two people in this room who was above the Fire Lord's rising wrath.

"How long must I be made to wait for that Ancestors-damned messenger hawk bearing their surrender?"

It was less of a question and more of a threat that heads were going to roll.

His Eminence- garbed in fine golds and exquisite silk reds, paced up and down the map, impatience leaking out in every step to the point that the dark wood flooring sizzled everytime his feet touched the floor. And his frustration echoed throughout the smoldering space.

"Those Water Tribe savages should be grateful that they had the honour of having their document of surrender drafted by the Fire Lord himself. And with such undeservedly merciful terms as well!"

Zhao actually did not want the Commander to succeed in making the Northern Water Tribe surrender. There would be no glory left for his armada then. Sailing all the way to the North Pole with the greatest fleet ever assembled... only to turn around because the battle was already won? It would be a bland victory, perhaps even inglorious. Definitely not a triumph worthy of being written into the history books with gold ink. No, he wanted Khan to do a good enough job softening up the Northern Water Tribe for his Armada for an easy victory, but not too good that it ended the conflict outright.

For now, he had to do his part in calming their leader.

"My Fire Lord..." Zhao confidently spoke up, immediately earning the gaze of the entire Fire Nation High Command, but he didn't let it bother him as he continued, "... Commander Khan's sneak attack on the Water Tribe capital should have only begun a day ago. Even if he had won, it would take more than a day for the news to be sent. Furthermore, we cannot discount the possibility that we have overestimated the Water Tribe savages' intelligence and refused your officer, my Fire Lord. They are, after all, animals that are only smart enough to fight or flee."

Fire Lord Ozai paused in his pacing, a look of consideration on his sharp features as he continued that line of thought, "... And now that Khan has struck them in their cold little nest, they can only consider the former- just like the base creatures that they are. Khan does have a tendency to be too generous in his estimations of our enemies' capabilities."

However, there was one caveat to all this...

"We still should never have allowed him to lead from the front." Fire Lord Ozai glowered- his golden eyes settling on Zhao, "Your plan puts him in great danger, Admiral. If anything happens to my son-in-law..."

Yes, should Commander Khan die in the North Pole, so would an Admiral Zhao in the Royal Capital. Not that Zhao thought his giant, armoured friend could ever be defeated- he'd seen the type of training Khan went through. He could punch a hole through a cruiser's hull if he wanted. No, it was infinitely more likely that this delay was caused by that 'Head Chieftain Arnook' being an utter imbecile and refusing to sign the offered terms of their surrender. Fire knows how often they give their enemies a chance to surrender! Nevertheless, of all the things that could potentially end him, Fire Lord Ozai valuing Khan too much was not an item he expected to be on that list.

Fortunately, the other person who was above the Fire Lord's anger came to his defence.

"The Papa Khanmander won't get beaten! Those evil waterbenders aren't so tough! 'Specially when Papa and his Featherheads snuck up on them at their evil ice castle!"

She sat beside him. A little girl of six summers with cherry pink hair and green eyes, small for her age and tenfold as intelligent. Everyone who spent time near the Fire Lord knew her by now- Anya, one of the Great Players.

Despite being a child, no one has dared to move against her politically- no one was that stupid. Not when her mother and bodyguard was an infamous assassin, and more importantly, not when an attack on her was as good as an attack on the Fire Lord himself. After all, she was the first in line to be one of the Fire Lord's spoiled rotten grandchildren.

"Miss Anya is correct, Fire Lord Ozai." War Minister Qin counselled from where he was sitting- right across Zhao where they could glare at each other all they pleased. He gazed down to where the North Pole was on the map, "The quality of the Northern Water Tribe's troops have historically always been sub-par. Unlike their more battle-ready Southern kin, this Water Tribe has not had an active participation in the war for the last 85 years. Factoring in their combat experience and the surprise attack from the direction they least expect, it would be beyond unreasonable to assume any martial victory on the Water Tribe's part, particularly when the sneak attack is being conducted by an elite cavalry division like 41st."

"Nn! What the Warmister said!" Anya confirmed with a nod. "Papa Khan made the evil waterbenders toast!"

Fire Lord Ozai pondered those words for a moment, then asked, "And if the Water Tribe did indeed refuse the surrender that I had so generously offered them?"

"If I may, my Fire Lord..." Qin began, "... We must first consider the situation in the Earth Kingdom, the North-western front may hold the key to understanding this predicament. If we posit that Commander Khan had disrupted Water Tribe trade lines, especially with the Earth Kingdom port city of Chenbao, it would not be a leap to say-"

"Blast 'em!" Anya fearlessly interrupted, beaming, "Uncle Jao and me will go up there in the snow and blast 'em with fire until they're super sorry for being evil waterbenders and saying no to your deal! Papa already beat 'em up bad once! Simple!"

Zhao almost chortled at the aged minister's bitter frown.

There was an appreciation to be had for the straightforward simplicity of a child's mind. To be able to distill complex notions of nation and war into simple terms- undiluted by empty political pretences and intellectual preening that men like War Minister Qin were all too fond of. The Fire Lord apparently concurred with Anya's sentiment enough to leave the blatant disrespect for the War Minister unaddressed.

"Simple indeed." Ozai murmured, "There is no need to overcomplicate what should be straightforward. The Water Tribe savages should be weakened now by Khan's surprise attack, and that northern prize, now ripe for the taking. Yes, Anya has the right of it: A naval bombardment until they offer a profuse apology for staining my world with their continued defiance would be all too easy. We shall place their icy city in the annals of history alongside all the others that had stood against us. An object lesson pertaining to the cost of defying the Fire Nation! We should leave nothing standing!"

Zhao clapped politely alongside everyone else. But he did notice how Anya glanced at the Trade Minister for a moment before she did something unthinkable.

"Anya thinks we shouldn't."

There was a soft gasp as the entire room went silent: The Fire Lord's decision was being challenged. The last time such a thing occurred was the day when Prince Zuko was banished. No one had dared ever since... No one except for this little girl. The Fire Lord turned his golden eyes to her, but instead of flying into a rage, he merely asked. "You have something to add, Anya?"

Brows rose all across the room. The Fire Lord was open to retracting his decision? An absolutely unheard of event.

"Yeah, Fire Lord Ozzy!" Anya smiled brightly as if it was nothing, "They got to show how sorry they are by sharing all their stuff! It's called uhm... war raper rations."

"You mean to demand from the Water Tribe for war reparations?" Fire Lord Ozai raised an interested brow.

"Mhm, war pear-ape shins!" Anya eagerly repeated with a smile- compensating for lack of proper pronunciation with sheer enthusiasm, "We're gonna take all their fluffy blankets and shiny blue rocks!"

A twinkle of greed suddenly flashed in the eyes of everyone in the room. Anya just said aloud what everyone was already thinking in the back of their minds: Immediate economic gains from conquering new lands, both for the Fire Nation war chest and their personal funds.

After all, who could forget the Water Tribe's fur trade? [Mink-snake Fur], [Arctic Camel Wool], and [Snow Leopard-caribou Pelt]... Each of them coveted by everyone from Fire Noble Clans to Earth Kingdom Kings. Zhao himself possessed a pair of Arctic Camel Wool slippers, as well as a Mink-snake fur blanket for the colder months. And then there was [Blue Jade], an exceedingly rare ornamental stone only found in the North Pole, Zhao himself had witnessed a small block of the mineral go on auction for upwards of fifty thousand gold! And these Water Tribe savages had the supply to use it for necklaces in their courtship rituals!

Altogether, it was the Northern Water Tribe fur trade as well as the scant little Blue Jade the Waterbenders had been willing to trade away that had kept the Northern Water Tribe economically afloat for so long.

Even if the Earth Kingdom didn't trade with them directly, unofficial trade channels such as the black market functioned as a go-between the Fire Nation and the Earth Kingdom. And it was flourishing. Gold poured forth in obscene amounts. Whoever controls the supply of these coveted luxury goods naturally stood to profit greatly, and that 'whoever' could very well be them.

"Yes, I see the wisdom in your words, Anya..." Ozai stroked his dagger beard, "The Northern Water Tribe does indeed owe a great debt to the Fire Nation. Their deaths alone will not be sufficient to repay us, and so, these waterbenders must toil their lives away for the sake of the Fire Nation. Yes, I see now that the Water Tribe should not go the way of the Airbenders. We shall demand war reparations, as is our right. I will confer with the Law and Internal Trade Ministers on a later date for the finer points of this trade arrangement. But for now, our main thrust shall be... Slaughter whoever resists, the rest can work to repay their debt to us for however long I deem necessary."

"Oh oh OH!" Anya excitedly raised her hand and waved it as if she was still in a Fire Nation school, "We should also make 'em go to sleep hungry so that they'll be extra sorry!"

"What a grand idea." Fire Lord Ozai smiled viciously, "Yes... We shouldn't limit ourselves to luxury goods, we must include foodstuffs in the list of war reparations. A little starvation will aid in impressing this lesson on them."

There was some muttering amongst High Command. Zhao heard it, whisperings that maybe this was pointlessly vindictive? Burn the Water Tribe's homes, and slay their brave husbands and brothers? That was the natural course of war. But to have the audacity of demanding heavy reparations on their grieving widows, as if they were owed compensation for their time and effort to perpetrate those actions? Now that was needless cruelty.

'And precisely what we have come to expect from you, Anya.' Zhao said in the quiet of his mind- glancing at the tiny child seated beside him. It was a still frightening amount of intelligence from a mind that had yet to fully mature. One had to wonder what sort of intellectual juggernaut Anya would be when she grows up. What dreams of pitiless atrocities would she conceive of in her prime? Zhao did not know, but he quietly made a mental note to ensure that he maintained very friendly ties with Anya. For now, however, he put on a small smile and nodded to the Fire Lord, "The Water Tribe will regret not accepting your generous offer, my Fire Lord."

"Yes, they will." He smiled thinly, clearly looking forward to the hardship that was about to befall on the Northern Water Tribe, "Anya made a well thought out case as usual."

Polite applause rang out from the gathered generals and admirals as the Fire Lord actually handed out a compliment. His favour for this little girl was as clear as the noon sun in the blue sky.

"Thanks, Fire Lord Ozzy!" She beamed, proud of this newest list of malicious deeds she had heaped onto the Water Tribe.

"I have come to a decision." The Fire Lord addressed them all, his tone of voice conveying that he wasn't allowing any dissent, "We shall keep to the schedule. Two more days- that is how long Commander Khan has to send us news of the Water Peasants' surrender, and not a breath more. If not, Grand Admiral Zhao-"

A nod in his direction, royal gold eyes meeting Zhao's amber.

"- You will sail the Armada to the North Pole and convey my deep displeasure to those Water Tribe savages for rebuffing my handwritten proposal. By this month's end, the Fire Nation will control their city and their civilization, either as a vassal nation or as an ash heap. Your Fire Lord commands it!"

The gathered Fire Nation High Command saluted- cradling the Sign of the Fire close to their armoured chests.

"For Fire Lord and For Fire Nation!"

Zhao saluted along, but couldn't help but feel the corners of his mouth tug into a smile, the glory of conquering the Northern Water Tribe civilization was as good as his. There was one catch, however... He glanced to the side.

Anya beamed a wide happy grin at Zhao. "Uncle Jao, do we really have to wait or can Papa tell us to come sooner?"

'Us.' Zhao didn't miss the word.

Yes, he'll need to take this little monster along with him. The Fire Lord couldn't deny his favourite 'grandchild' the opportunity to torment an enemy nation. A 'valuable learning experience' he had said. How was she not the actual blood daughter of her mother and Khan, no one knew. She certainly took after them both. The child even seemed to take after Fire Lord Ozai as well. The Fire Lord already liked her more than he did with Princess Azula.

"If fortune favours us, we'll hear word from your father soon." He said, "Preferably something to the tune of the Northern Water Tribe not willing to surrender and is ripe to be attacked by the Armada."

"Anya hopes he does! We're gonna have lots of fun at the Norspole!" She told him. "Gonna eat nice and juicy steaks while all the evil waterbender's stakes burn black and crunchy!"

Indeed, she just wanted to dine on steaks while enjoying the scent and sound of people burning alive. Zhao was still unsure whether that was an improvement over Princess Azula or not. As much as he understood the place of terror tactics in war, a six-year-old girl casually toeing the line of cannibalism out of pure enjoyment for it was still very disturbing.

"Yes, you can have as many stakes as you please, Anya." He smiled.

"Yay!"

Quietly, he muttered a silent prayer- hoping that the winds and the sky would carry it to its intended recipient in the North Pole.

'Khan, please hurry up so that you can return your daughter to whatever dark abyss in the Underworld you found her.'


(A bit later)

Relief flooded me as we walked out of the interrogation room and back into the stable/prison area, because clutched in my armoured hands was a signed document that told me that the Northern Water Tribe had surrendered.

Quest:
THE ADMIRAL'S MOMENT OF TRIUMPH​

Main Objective: Ensure the Fire Nation wins the Siege of the Northern Water Tribe... without dooming the world.

Sub-Objective #1: Secure a formal declaration of surrender from the Northern Water Tribe (50% Complete)
Sub-Objective #2: Stop Zhao from killing the Moon Spirit

Secondary Objective: Convince Zhao to willingly give up on his goal of killing the Moon Spirit.

Rewards:
Large bonus exp
[Moon Blessed] No, it's not a dummy-thicc Moon Goddess flashing you her ass. ???

Secondary Rewards:
Large bonus exp
Large Reputation increase with the {Firelord Ozai}
Large Reputation increase with the {Fire Nation}
Legendary Item x 1​

+ R +​

Now it was just a matter of making the other less important chieftains sign it.

"You're lucky that I have a few template Declarations of Unconditional Surrender at the ready." I muttered with a shake of my helmeted head, "You have no idea how many of these we go through..."

The hunched elderly barbarian chief followed behind me with. "I liked him better when his foul breath wasn't in my face." Essin grumbled- eyes shifting balefully at the unchained Arnook who walked beside us- his head still bowed in shame. Essin's grandson, Eswar, was still warily wielding that steel club as if expecting the Northern Water Tribe Chief to make a run for it. Kid had a good instincts. Not that it was needed.

"I still need him for something else." My deep voice answered, aiming a sharp glare at the ostrich-horses who were eyeing the loose Water Triber hungrily.

"Sir!" The 41st Division soldiers saluted- the yellow fluff balls still following behind them, "Shall we toss the head chieftain with the others?"

"No, I have something else for you." I pushed a pair of scrolls into their armoured arms. "Make sure that the rest of the chieftains sign both of these very important documents. Afterwards, I want these sent to my quarters immediately. I'd better not see a single tear on these scrolls, soldiers!"

"Yes, Commander Khan!" They saluted, and immediately began walking down to the POW area with declarations in hand.

We however had our own destination.

"Let's go see your daughter, Arnook." I said, already walking, "She may still have a very important role to play, and seeing you alive will only help her cooperation."

"I have signed our surrender, leave my daughter out of this!" Arnook protested.

"Her station grants her the privilege of being informed of how doomed her city possibly still is." I reminded him with a pointed look, "Unless of course, you're telling me that she's unfit for the duties demanded of her as Princess of the Northern Water Tribe."

"No." Arnook denied, "She is the best that Agna Qel'a has to offer. I have no doubt that she will be the most dignified representative of our Northern Water Tribe in the years to come."

Essin scoffed, clearly less than pleased by that comment, "If her father's anything to go by, she's probably a spoiled brat who feels entitled to the whole of the North Pole. We will also need to discuss how you have claimed that title of "Northern Water Tribe" for your own."

"What would you know of Northern Water Tribe dignity, barbarian?" Arnook said coldly with a frown, "We deserve that title more than you."

"Save your bickerings for later, you two." I grunted. "And Arnook, I do not need to let you see your daughter- show you that she is unharmed and that she will remain unharmed for as long as I have any say about it. Be grateful that I'm doing this much."

"My apologies... Thank you, commander." He mumbled, as if it physically pained him to thank the person who ravaged his home.

Through the base, we walked. The dark stone under our feet, and the arctic noon stretching over us. A lull in the blizzard even allowed a bit of sunshine to pierce through the clouds, turning the sky into a white-grey instead of just grey. It was bright enough that the chiefs had to squint as their eyes adjusted to the brightness. it was as if the blizzard had blown away any semblance of colour apart from white, grey and black in this dreary place. What little colour that remained seemed to be monopolised by the troops. The bright red of our Fire Nation armours and banners, and the blue of the barbarian tribes' parkas and tents.

Another colour appeared before us just as we were approaching my quarters: A girl in a green kimono greeting us. Face was made snow white with makeup to bring the colour of her blue eyes and red lips out even more, and her red hair dusted with pure white snowflakes.

"Hey, Khan!" Suki greeted with a nervous smile, "Uh, you heading back? Already?"

"Yes, the chiefs and I need to have a discussion in my office." I replied, my armoured boots already stomping in that direction, "Is Princess Yue in my quarters?"

"Yeah, she is? But..." Suki fell in step beside me, her deep blue eyes giving a brief glance at the unbound Arnook and the barbarian chieftain. "... that's a lot more people than we thought you'd be taking along. Listen, you might want to postpone this because the princess isn't uh... ready yet!"

"Is she dressed or not?" I prompted.

"I guess you can say that?" Suki shrugged, "But you probably would want-"

"Then she's in a good enough state to hear this."

"What have you done to my daughter?!" Arnook demanded with an angry scowl.

"Nothing." I answered, "If anything, she was given more luxuries than any other POW in the base: A warm actual bed, a generously thick blanket, and edible food- even palatable- twice a day."

I pushed aside the polar bear pelt door to my quarters.

"Suffice to say, she has been afforded respect, dignity and-"

"Your arctic m-mocha bunny welcomes you home, master~!"​

"... and a tiny fur-kini." I lamely finished- unable to believe what I was seeing.

Ass.

The Princess had her back towards us, leaning forward with her hands on the table, and wearing nothing but a skimpy fur bikini that was stretched over her surprisingly generous assets. The white fur bra and panties directly contrasted with her brown skin as she rolled her chocolate hips in our faces- wagging that little cotton tail attached to the crack of her bubbly chocolate-brown ass. "D-do you like my fluffy tail, master~?"

"Y-Yue?!" Her father sputtered. "What are you wearing?!"

The snowy-haired girl glanced over her shoulder to realise that I hadn't come alone.

"F-father?!" She squeaked like an actual rabbit- blue eyes wide like dinner plates before her slender hands immediately darted to cover up the fluffy white fur, "What are you doing here- "

"Ohohoho?!" The crotchety old barbarian chief guffawed- clutching his side, "I was wrong, O' Great Chieftain Arnook! Your daughter is certainly dignified and an apt representative of your tribe! Yes, we 'barbarians' know nothing of this sort of 'Northern Water Tribe dignity' and- Boy, why are you covering your eyes?!"

"Eh, who are these people?!" Yue squealed- her face blushing so brightly that she was like a cherry about to pop, "No, please don't look at me! Suki, help! I don't think I can do this in front of so many peeooople!"

Suddenly noticing that there was an empty, Suki-shaped space beside me, I whipped my head around looking for the culprit.

"Suki, come back here! What did you do to my high-value detainee?!"​

- The Proper Etiquette for Surrendering Water Tribers End -
​
~ Chapter 24: Ash-Banana Diplomacy ~
In which... Princess Yue shows off the superior diplomatic skills that she learned from Master Suki. The full extent of Khan's sneak attack on Agna Qel'a is revealed. And the Northern Water Tribe trip over each other trying to set themselves up for the biggest L in their entire recorded history.
Coming Soon for Public Release!​

AN:

This chapter occurs between the episodes... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 18 - The Waterbending Master) and (ATLA Book 1, Episode 19 - The Siege of the North).

Held a Patron/Subscriber vote last chapter about... what to post this Wednesday. This won. Although, weekly Saturday updates are still scheduled for this fic. Next chapter will be posted publicly this Saturday.

Talk heavy chapters bore me, but... world building really needed to be done, or else the North Pole wouldn't have been a prize worth winning. Canon North Pole was an empty place, and the only canon reason to conquer it was to knock out the Northern Water Tribe. That said, I tried to make the Barbarian Tribe motivations feel natural. I've only rarely encountered a rural person from a number of countries who wasn't vocal about wanting to see their local, overcrowded city burnt to the ground with all government representatives still inside. Lol.

Yue Panty Status: *Waterbender Sploosh*... Just kidding, that would be lazy writing. But let's be honest about Yue. She was betrothed to Han, yet immediately went for Sokka. Then broke things off with him to stay as 'friends' , complete with 'going out as friends' and even went to kiss him (Yeah, what's a kiss on the lips between homies, amirite?). At best, she's a dutiful princess who is prone to impulsive emotion-based decisions. And at worst, she's easily led around by her Northern Pink Clam. Been leaning towards the former, but a 'bad boy' Fire Nation prince over six-feet-tall, with abs, and [Pretty Privilege]? Yeah, girls don't stand a chance. Also, I made Yue thicc, because I find the idea that the Moon girl not having the assets to moon properly to be unconscionable.

The next chapter is already available... at p atr_eon. com/infonticus (Public Posting Date: 2024-APR-13 EST)

+ R +

New Stat Perk Purchases
​
[Lvl 1 -> 2] Bullet Time (Active): Dodge the bullets that haven't been invented yet. Three times a day, slow time to (80 -> 70%). Bullet Time duration in seconds is equal to a tenth of your Dexterity stat.

[Lvl 1] Second Wind (Active): The Kyoshi Warriors are never going to win over you in bed. Once a day, all physical fatigue is removed and you recover 5% of your missing health.

[Lvl 1 -> 2] Power Move (Passive): You don't 'run.' You kick the ground until it takes you where you want to go. On top of your Dexterity, add (25% -> 50%) Strength to your running speed and jumping height.


* 0 Perk Points Available.* ​

+ R +​
Last edited: Apr 7, 2024
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like LikeReport
Like Reactions:You, SamuelAtomizer, Ghjikl and 1,613 others
Infonticus
Apr 7, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 24: Ash-Banana Diplomacy
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Apr 30, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,152
Chapter 24: Ash-Banana Diplomacy

[Hari Bulkan]

"The Armada is to set sail tomorrow. We have secured a place on the grand admiral's flagship under a false name and rank, and the dead drop with the spare uniform and all necessary documents has just been placed."

"And the wardens?"

"They will be properly preoccupied beginning two hours after midnight."

"Acceptable. Khan's day of reckoning grows nearer. You are dismissed."

"... We live to serve, your Highness."

[Agna Qel'a] (A day after the the attack)

Katara pushed aside the heavy fur door that led into the injured Avatar's place of rest.

The space inside the private ice cottage was empty and still- Master Yagoda herself saying that no one was to disturb the Avatar. Katara, being Yagoda's student and Aang's companion, was naturally the exception.

She pursed her lips together as she saw the state he was in.

Still in his yellow-orange airbender robes, Aang slept on a reclined bed of brown, buffalo-yak furs. His injured arm was submerged in a raised ice basin like an armrest, the broken spots on his forearm were wrapped in seaweed and medicinal salves- which was to say the entire arm.

But that wasn't what worried her.

Spread all around where he lay were colourful seashells etched with names of the dead, bead necklaces made from twisted cords of polar orca heartstrings, ivory from whale-walrus tusks carved with prayers. All offerings and oblations from the people of Agna Qel'a. Without their chieftains to perform the proper ceremonial rites for giving their dead back to the Ocean, the people of her sister tribe looked for guidance from a higher power, or anyone really to give them the strength to endure in these dark times. And who else could do that but the Avatar? It had to be the reincarnating bridge between the Mortal World and Spirit World, it had to be the living, walking embodiment of their most direct connection to the Moon and Ocean Spirits...

... It had to be Aang, her friend. Now, made into more of a symbol than a person. And this place, now more of a shrine than an infirmary where he could rest.

Katara exhaled in helpless frustration as she leaned (with her good side) on the windowsill. The sunlight streamed through the window of the private ice cottage- warming Katara's face as she whispered to the cool ocean breeze. "What can I do?"

"We just keep moving onwards, Katara." answered a familiar voice.

"Aang?!" Katara jumped in surprise, wincing slightly as she turned around too quickly and her ribs flared in pain again. But still, she smiled through it. "Sorry, did I wake you up?"

"Nah..." He smiled back at her and shifted slightly on the furs, "Besides, waking up to you is always better than waking up alone, Katara."

"Thanks... How are you feeling?" She let her blue eyes glance over to his arm. "Last time I saw, the bones were still setting but the places where it punctured the skin was already starting to close and heal. But... any discomfort or pain?"

"Not much, actually, it's kind of surprising how not itchy it is like all the other casts I've had." Aang replied before his grey eyes turned to meet hers. "How about you? Are you doing alright, Katara?"

"Getting there." She gingerly rested a hand on her side.

"I meant how are you feeling?" he told her, "We did our best, you know? Even drove the Fire Nation away."

Katara pressed her lips together, a bit more hesitant, "Just finding it hard to be optimistic, Aang. I mean how can you after a night like that?"

"Well, it's not easy, not even for me." Aang admitted to her, brows furrowing around his blue airbending arrow, "But I remember that the monks taught us that when the wind sweeps across the lands, they carry with them bits and pieces of everything they touch- Dust from rocks, pollen from flowers, even the scent of fruit pies. All of it carried along as the winds went. The monks used to say that we and all the people of all Four Nations are like those winds. Everything we experience from the sights we see to the people we meet, we carry small bits of them with us all through our lives. But the heaviest parts? We'll leave behind sooner or later. This feeling of pain and loss is fleeting. Which means we're all going to be okay and will be on our way to the rest of our lives eventually."

His eyes met hers again and he grinned.

"And that also means you're going to be alright too!"

Katara couldn't help it, a smile broke through her frown. She heard people whisper Aang's title with reverence and hope. But maybe that wasn't a bad thing. Because as long as the Avatar was on their side, her people won't lose hope. And so, neither will she, even if it was for different reasons. "Thanks, Aang... I needed that little pep talk."

"No problem!" He laughed, "So, you've been walking around the city, right? How's the rest of Agna Qel'a doing?"

"Master Pakku is finishing taking account of all the damage." She said, keeping herself from glancing back out the window, "Sokka and I are going to be there when he makes the announcement. And we'll see what we and the Northern Water Tribe can do from there."

"Yeah, I'd come with you, but..." Aang smiled sheepishly, "...Master Yagoda said that she'll pinch my ears red if I sneak off, Avatar or not."

"That does sound like her." Katara chuckled, "I'm glad that she's the one treating you. She's possibly the best Waterbending Healer in all the Four Nations. You'll recover a lot faster with her than with any other healer."

"Well, if we're talking about recovery... How is Sokka?" Aang asked, "How's he holding up?"

"Resting now." Katara answered, "Not like last night. He had nightmares, naturally about Princess Yue."

She kept silent about how she herself had dreamed about a skull with glowing green eyes on top of a giant armoured body leering down at her.

"Well, tell him that we'll bust her out as soon as we find out where she's being held!" Aang smiled, "Or you know, maybe it's like in one of those scroll fables where he's wanting to marry her so he's been showering with gifts and dresses! And we'll swoop in just as they're about to say their vows and Sokka can say something cool like 'Who ordered a hero? Because Sokka's special delivery is about to arrive, express!' or 'This might be a giant problem, but for Sokka, it's just another day on the tundra!' then we can beat him with the full force of all the Waterbenders at our backs and Sokka can carry Princess Yue home safe and sound!"

"That's... pretty spot Sokka impression on Aang." Katara laughed nervously. From the rumours she's heard, he wasn't gentle with his female captives. A brutal giant like that Commander Khan who was cruel for no other reason than for cruelty's sake with the rest of his elite force followed his example? If Princess Yue was still alive... No, she definitely was. Just not in gentle hands. Far, far from it. "... But I don't think there's going to be a marriage."

"You're right. That's too soon for a marriage." He thought about it, "Maybe while they're having tea?"

Katara winced, "... I don't think Princess Yue is out there having a tea party with the Giant, Aang."

[Khan's Abode - Fire Nation Arctic Base]

It was just the two of us now in the toasty confines of my quarters.

The half-naked princess and the armoured giant- sitting down on fur cushions around an ancient, shin-high stone table. Princess Yue still couldn't look me in the eyes as she tugged at the thick fur blanket draped over her slender brown shoulders. Not that it made her any less exposed- it only hid her fur-kini, and actually made it appear as if she wasn't wearing anything under that white fur blanket. That slim line between marshmallow soft globes, smooth like freshly mixed milk chocolate, was still perfectly visible between the edges of the blanket. Yet another victim to Suki's antics, wouldn't even be the first princess to do so.

Naturally, with her so exposed, I extended my armoured hand to her... and set down a dainty porcelain teacup right on her spot at the table. The trickle of hot tea being poured followed soon after.

"Tea, Princess?" My deep voice resounded.

"... Thank you." Yue murmured, reaching out and inadvertently pushing her blanket open to give me an eyeful down her entire front before she tugged it close. Teacup in her dainty hands, she looked hesitantly at the softly steaming contents.

"Go ahead, it isn't poisoned or anything." I casually reassured her, pouring myself a cup as well- the fragrance of Fire Nation-grown jasmine tea floating from it as I set down the teapot, "I have had the distinct displeasure of having my own tea poisoned once before. Not an experience that I would wish on anyone. So drink, it'll calm your nerves."

"Of course..." Princess Yue nodded. "it wasn't my intention to imply- This tea, it's very... What I mean to say is, thank you for the hospitality, Pr- commander."

"You're welcome, princess. I understand this is not where you imagined you would be."

Her hands trembled slightly as she brought up the little teacup and took a small sip.

For the small gesture of hospitality...
{Princess Yue} Reputation: -40 -> -38
{Princess Yue} Obedience: 30 -> 35​

The low reputation with her wasn't surprising. I devastated her home city, kidnapped her family and her, and killed a lot of her people after all. This would have been a markedly uphill battle to get her to like me, given that she was going to like me a lot less after all this is said and done. But thankfully, I didn't need her to like me, only to follow what I say. And the high Obedience stat was a very welcome sight for those purposes.

"Commander Khan..." Yue asked in her soft voice, blue eyes staring into the cup of Fire Nation jasmine, "My people, my father. They signed our surrender. What will happen to them now?"

"That is all up to the city of Agna Qel'a." My deep voice rumbled, "We're going to deliver their copy of the document to them, and should they obey as their leaders directed and stand down? We can have peace."

"Peace?" She echoed, voice strained with disbelief.

"Yes, Princess Yue, peace. That is what comes after war, isn't it? Or did you think that the Northern Water Tribe would never see war at all?"

"I did." She readily admitted, but also looked down with a sad expression into her cup. "I'd hoped that it would just sail by our shores. But... that's not what happened. You came."

The last part was a whisper. It took her a moment, but Yue froze up as she realised what she said- Her bright blue eyes darted up at me as if expecting me to hurt her for that. I found that particularly ironic since she was deliberately kept here in my quarters so that I can keep her safe. After all, I wasn't about to risk losing the extra life of Moon Spirit just because she slipped and fell down some stairs or something. No, if the worst case scenario comes to pass and we find ourselves retreading Avatar canon, we'll have our backup plan: Princess Yue, and that shard of the Moon embedded into her life and woven into her very spirit.

That didn't mean that I was going to beg for forgiveness though, quite the opposite.

"Yes, I came here to win this war." was my unashamed reply- looking her straight in the eyes, "Preferably with as few lives lost as possible."

"Hundreds of my people are dead." She said in a mournful whisper, slightly more honest now that I didn't strike her for talking back.

"It's war." I said in a matter-of-fact tone, "And let's not forget that the Avatar came close to having been one of them."

Yue looked aghast, her blue eyes looking at me as she muttered fearfully, "So, it's true... you really fought the Avatar and lived to tell the tale."

"No, Princess Yue, you have it quite in reverse: the Avatar fought us and lived to tell the tale, but not without sustaining serious injuries, even a scar or two." I leered at her through the eye slits of my skull helmet. "If not for several strokes of blindingly good fortunes in his favour, we'd be searching for a Water Tribes for his reincarnation right now."

"That's... impossible."

"Is it truly surprising? He hasn't even mastered two Elements yet." My shoulders in thick red pauldrons shrugged. "But I digress, Agna Qel'a would never have woken up to ash and screams if your father had just accepted the Fire Lord's initial offer. If he had, those hundreds of deaths would have been avoided, and we would have met under much more amicable circumstances. You think things are bad now, Princess Yue? I can assure you that they could have gotten a lot worse- it can still get a lot worse. And it won't even be my fault. That's why your father and I have still been in... talks."

The white-haired princess said nothing for a while, merely pressing her pink lips together in doubt and warming her slender brown fingers on the teacup's surface. "My father... He only loves Agna Qel'a and the Northern Water Tribe. Please don't hurt him anymore for it."

"Oh, you can blame Chieftain Essin for your father's condition. Old grudges between the tribes- distinctly your problem." I rolled my eyes, "I did nothing except tell him about the Armada's existence."

Blue eyes looked up at me as she whispered, "The Armada?"

"Yes, the armada." I confirmed, her blue eyes widening with the realisation of what that implied, "I suppose it is high time for you to know..."

And so, I told her straight up and without any embellishment.

I told her that all the things that haunted their dreams were real. And I watched her eyes widen in growing terror as I described to her the Fire Nation Armada of two hundred warships and their ruinous amounts of munitions, listened to her whisper a prayer to the Moon Spirit under her breath when I described the 40,000 battle-hardened {Fire Nation Veterans} that they were ferrying in their holds, and saw all will to resist bleed out from her eyes as I told her about the likely fate of her people should the Armada reach their shores. By the end of my little tale, her fingers clutching the teacup to her chest as if it was her lifeline.

"You- you can't do that!" She said, soft voice steeped in disbelief at the lengths the Fire Nation would go for our victory, "That's unnecessarily cruel! And monstrous! And-"

"-the thing I've been trying to avoid right from the very beginning." I finished for her. "I came here to the North Pole to end this war without having to make the Water Tribe go the way of the Air Nomads as Fire Lord Ozai or more... hasty elements of Fire Nation High Command would prefer."

"You did?" Yue breathed, her slender brown hands still clasped together as if she wanted me to answer her prayers.

"I still am." was my honest reply.

"I... I may have misjudged you, Commander Khan." Yue admitted, the corners of her mouth tugging in an almost smile of relief, and her hopeful blue eyes looking at me in a new light: The only one who can send that handwritten letter to Grand Admiral Zhao.

For being the only one standing between Agna Qel'a and its total destruction...
{Princess Yue} Reputation: -38 -> 8
{Princess Yue} Obedience: 35 -> 50​

Except, I didn't do it out of some moral imperative as Yue thinks I did. No, my reasons were more about military pragmatism.

I had already acquired what I personally wanted from this deal with Zhao: The prized item that was [Admiral Zhao's Journal] was safely tucked away in my [Inventory]. After all, one of the very few ways that one could find the legendary {Library of Wan Shi Tong}, and for those who didn't have a flying bison, it was to follow the directions of someone who has already been there. But it was not as easy as marching there, no. The journey was still going to be an expensive and harrowing expedition into the {Si Wong Desert}. Now, I could do that all in 'friendly' territory with the backing and infrastructure of an invincible Fire Nation offensive, or I could do it after an Ocean Spirit kaiju had sunk a sizable portion of the entire Fire Nation Navy and the Earth Kingdom-controlled region of {Gao Ling} launches counter offensives to surround and harry the supply lines. The same supply lines that would be providing water to me and my troops in the desert that's larger than all the Fire Islands combined.

No, there was no need to retread Avatar canon and put our valuable fleets at risk of a giant ocean monster attack.

All Agna Qel'a needed to do now was surrender and put on a big show of it to satiate Zhao's ego. Only then will I be able to talk him down from slaying the Moon Spirit. And I can finally be on my way to removing the one thing that stopped me from truly scaling past all my enemies: My low Intelligence Stat.

The world would be mine to properly burn down and restructure then...

My door gong rang out with a metallic thrum, and Princess Yue jumped in her cushion a bit. A voice speaking through the fur door followed soon after.

"Sir! I have the documents that you have ordered to be signed by the pajama bri- the water Tribe prisoners."​

"Excellent!" My armoured hands clapped, "Pardon me for a moment, Princess."

Walking over to my door, I pushed it aside to see one of my {41st Division Elite Raider} holding out a pair of scrolls to me. My eyes lit up, and a window flickered into existence as soon as I laid my hands on them.

Quest:
THE ADMIRAL'S MOMENT OF TRIUMPH

Main Objective: Ensure the Fire Nation wins the Siege of the Northern Water Tribe... without dooming the world.

Sub-Objective #1: Secure a formal declaration of surrender from the Northern Water Tribe (Complete!)
Sub-Objective #2: Stop Zhao from killing the Moon Spirit

Secondary Objective: Convince Zhao to willingly give up on his goal of killing the Moon Spirit.

Rewards:
Large bonus exp
[Moon Blessed] No, it's not a dummy-thicc Moon Goddess flashing you her ass. ???

Secondary Rewards:
Large bonus exp
Large Reputation increase with the {Firelord Ozai}
Large Reputation increase with the {Fire Nation}
Legendary Item x 1

+ R +​

"That's one step closer to victory in the North Pole." I murmured. "Tell the wardens to prepare the Useful Idiot for transport later in the afternoon."

"Commander Khan, sir!"

Returning to the tea table with the scantily-clad princess, I sat back down, and immediately, a hopeful Yue glanced at the pair of scrolls and back to me with a hopeful expression.

"We've surrendered. You'll send that letter and call off the Armada now, right?" She asked, slender brown hands clasped as if begging.

"No, not until Agna Qel'a flies Fire Nation colours." I told her in no uncertain terms, "I'll have an envoy hand this document to whoever is leading Agna Qel'a at the moment, and hopefully, they'll listen to their chieftain's decision and surrender the city."

"Of course they will!" Princess Yue assured, her white hair swaying as she nodded eagerly- desperately, "I'm sure they'll do that! You just have to tell them about the Armada and they'll-"

"No." I told her in no uncertain terms, "I won't break operational security. The knowledge of the Armada's existence will not leave the 41st Division's grasp. I will not risk the Agna Qel'a Resistance declining to surrender and choosing instead to reinforce their coastal defences. The same coastal defences that my 41st Division and I have risked our lives to distract them from."

"But... the Avatar is with them." Yue reasoned, "If they don't know about the Fire Nation Armada, they might decline to acknowledge this scroll anyway!"

"Yes, he gives them hope. Enough hope for it to turn into outright stupidity." I shook my head, "But it's a risk we'll have to take. Perhaps if they decline, sharing that knowledge can be a last ditch measure the night before the Armada arrives."

"But that'd be too close!"

"Again, it is a risk we'll have to-"

"My father!" the snowy-haired princess suggested in panic, "They'll listen to my father! If he comes along when the scroll is presented to them, they'll surely listen to his wisdom!"

"I can't let our most valuable prisoner out in the open and within reach of the Agna Qel'a Resistance like that." I refuted, before adding, "And neither will Chieftain Essin for that matter."

"Then send me instead, Commander- No, Honourable Commander Khan!" She bowed until her forehead pressed against the table between us, "Let me talk to them. I'll convince them to accept the terms, and I'll even swear to the Moon and Ocean Spirits that I won't speak a single word about the Armada!"

... That was true.

I fully expect Aang to be there when they treat with my envoy, and he had a bias towards other named characters in Avatar after all. And if Princess Yue was there to not only confirm that it was indeed her father's and the rest of the Water Tribe Chieftains' signatures on this document but also plead to them with her big blue princess eyes, then it'll only increase the chances that they'll surrender. Sure, the Agna Qel'a Resistance would hide the Avatar on a boat and sail him away before Fire Nation occupational force arrives, but with his sky bison not dead, he was currently beyond my ability to capture no matter what I did anyway. Now, it was just a matter of ensuring the princess was safe.

"Princess Yue, I have decided that-"

"Wait, please permit me to try and convince you!" Princess Yue cried out, as her hand snatched an ash-banana from the fruit bowl.

"... Alright? Make your point, Princess." I replied with only a touch of confusion. I wasn't sure what the ash-banana was about, maybe she needed it for an analogy?

Nodding, she locked her blue eyes with mine, took a deep breath... then proceeded to deepthroat the long fruit in one smooth motion.

Wat?

Then picking up the pace, she proceeded to mouthfuck herself with it. Saliva dripped down to her brown fingers as the 'Glurgrhk! Glurgrhk! Glurgrhk!' resounding throughout my quarters.

The thicc mocha-skinned princess' oral exhibition continued for a feverish minute- jiggling heftily in certain places. Then with a breathless gasp, she disconnected from the enviously glistening ash-banana. Then proceeded to slide it right into her cleavage: the spit-covered tip of the fruit peeking out from between that pair of mocha-coloured melons in the too-small furkini, standing almost as proudly as the expression that Princess Yue wore. Her lips quirked in a proud smile even as her large breasts swayed as she sucked in air.

"Was I able to convince you of my sincerity, Honourable Commander Khan?" the princess asked- brushing away a stray strand of snow white hair from her face with decorum that did not match the spittle that was building up in her cleavage.

"That..."

I just sat back as I didn't know how to respond to that- just staring at that thoroughly fellated ash-banana sitting in her cleavage. Was this some sort of Water Tribe kink? Or was the Princess really just freaky in private? It was always the quiet ones after all... Maybe Suki wasn't completely to blame for the furkini?

"That was... very forward of you, Princess." I said when I finally found my voice. "And was really not necessary for you to do. But I suppose you've made your case all the same."

She blinked in surprise at that- as if she hadn't expected it to work. It didn't, but...

For allowing her the chance to save her people...
{Princess Yue} Reputation: 8 -> 38
{Princess Yue} Obedience: 50 -> 65​

... Well, I wouldn't say no to a free increase in her Reputation and Obedience, which were advancing notably quickly. I suppose that said more about Princess Yue's priorities than anything else- the dutiful princess that she is. A shame that it would be rendered irrelevant soon, since her family is going to be deposed after this by the barbarian clans anyway. But it'd be good to have a claimant to Agna Qel'a in my pocket.

"Thank you for allowing me this opportunity! You will not regret it!" She bowed deeply, smiling wide and... ash-banana still in her cleavage.

"I'll assign a guard for you so that you can accompany the envoy safely." I informed her, "You should be very well acquainted with them by now."

"Them?" Yue tilted her head for a moment before a look of, "No... Not them."

"Yes, them." I sighed before calling out, "Suki, come out! I know you've been there this whole time."

Out of the shadowy corners of my quarters, the Kyoshi Warriors emerged. All friendly smiles as they crowded around the princess.

"What was that about 'them', Princess?"

"Yeah, we were getting along really well too!"

"Who knew you had it in you to do something like that!"

"Yeah, just because we put you in a furkini... Must be magic!"​

"Alright, Suki, brief the princess on the protocols of being a VIP." I said as I rose to my full seven-feet-tall began to march out of the room. "And Kyoshi Warriors? Serious faces on, we're talking about the fate of Agna Qel'a here."

"We understand, Khan!" Suki saluted, "And uh... where are you off to, Khan? Just in case anyone asks."

I stopped at the threshold, skull helm glancing back at the girls. "I'm going to go repair my armour as best as I can..." I told them, "... as well as check on our remaining blasting jelly stores."

After all, if the Northern Water Tribe declines my generous offer a second time, it would mean that we'll need to hold out against them for two whole weeks until the Armada arrives. And having a few more... tricks up my sleeve, will help with our survival.

My armoured footsteps echoed out as I headed for the forge. It was time for another upgrade to my armour.

In the warmth of the prince's quarters, Yue breathed a sigh of relief as she heard his footsteps grow farther, leaving her with the Kyoshi Warriors again.

She was well on her way to saving her people from the Fire Nation Armada now.

A hand patted her bare shoulder, and Yue looked up just in time to see Suki flash her a painted grin and her black-gloved thumb extended in a thumbs up.

"You did an amazing job with that, Princess." The Kyoshi Warrior smiled proudly, "You might not have seen it, but Khan was really impressed."

"He was?" Yue smiled back, relief filling her belly. "Strange as Fire Nation rituals are, I'm glad that my ash-banana etiquette was acceptable enough to impress a Fire Nation Prince."

The Kyoshi Warriors grinned.

"Oh yeah, nothing puts Khan into a listening mood than a bit of that ash-banana ritual!"

"Especially if we do it at the same time!"

"Erm... just don't say you learned it from us, ok?"

"Yeah, if Khan figures out that we taught you..."​

"Of course!" Yue nodded gratefully, "I won't say a word! But for the journey back to Agna Qel'a, may I have my parka-dress back? This 'furkini' is... It's very sparse."

"No~" The redhead replied with a cheerful grin, "I need it for something. But since Khan is at the forge, we can go ask him if he can't make you an alternate dress. And hey, you can even choose the colour this time! Black would look so good with your white hair! Also..."

Suki leaned her painted face closer, suddenly serious.

"Are you sure you're ready to go back and convince them?" She asked, and Yue nodded just as seriously.

"I must. If there was ever a time to put all my tutoring in the finer points of being a Water Tribe Princess to use, it would be this day."

She pursed her lips. Still... it wasn't without any misgivings. Trusting her life with the very people who abducted her from her home to safely return her there, all so that she may convince her own people to surrender to the very people who would destroy them. These past few days had been bizarre for her, but if that was what it took to save the Northern Water Tribe then so be it.

"I only need to ensure my rhetoric is in order and well thought out." Yue reasoned as she pulled out the slick ash-banana from her chest and wiped it clean. "After all, it wouldn't do if my people got the wrong idea of what I'm trying to accomplish."

Yue ignored the brief snort of laughter from Suki.

(The morning after) [Royal Palace, Agna Qel'a]

High in the glittering white city of Agna Qel'a, Katara stood at the top of the steps leading to the Royal Palace's courtyard. Sokka's whalebone crutches clicked against the stairs as he followed close behind. She looked out into the city. The cold sea breeze brushed across her face, carrying with it the lingering scent of ash.

Morning was rising over a wounded Agna Qel'a, now free of invaders. The scattered fires that the Fire Nation had lit were finally put out, and Agna Qel'a was clear once again. Just blue and white buildings as far as the eye can see. If not for the lingering scars of battle on the various buildings, she could have said that it was all a bad dream. It was like the morning light had warded away the Fire Nation- as if they truly were the angry, vengeful spirits of the night that the rumours had painted them. And although Agna Qel'a wasn't under attack anymore, the wounds were still fresh on the city.

"Agna Qel'a..." She murmured. "... It's so different compared to the beautiful city of ice and water that we arrived at."

"I know." Sokka agreed softly, leaning heavily on his crutches.

The city's skyline was jagged in places, like broken teeth from a savage fight.

Entire buildings had collapsed from the intense heat of firebending clashes and blasting jelly. Even those that flanked them had melted, having never been intended to see war. But even those melted buildings were better than where the Fire Nation didn't use their firebending- the clashes where they only used their blades and their murderous mounts. Frozen puddles of blood still painted the walkways there- the red standing out against the white ice. There were even gruesome chunks of viscera left behind in everyone's hurry... They were still counting bodies, putting them together in some cases.

"Sokka, it's just like how it was back home." Katara murmured as groups of healers and volunteers passed them by- going door to door providing care to those injured in the attack, and clearing the streets of bodies.

"But we can't let it end the same way for them like it did for us." Sokka agreed, a fierce glint in his eye.

"And we won't." An aged voice joined them.

Katara broke into a smile as she turned around, "Master Pakku!"

"Katara, Sokka." The elderly waterbender greeted them right back, "I'm glad the two of you are up and about."

He was in his usual rich royal blue parka, and looking worse for wear: The whites in his greying hair and the wrinkles around his eyes seemed more pronounced as he glanced down on a black spot staining the ice. But as he glanced back up to them, his expression- usually stern- softened ever so slightly.

"Glad to see you're okay too, Master Pakku." Katara greeted back, quietly noting how tired he sounded. "I'll be fine as long as I take it easy on my side for a few days."

"And you, son?" Master Pakku raised an eyebrow in Sokka's direction.

"I'll make a full recovery." Sokka said as he leaned on his whalebone crutches, using them to carefully stand. "Got a bit of frostnip on my fingers, nothing that won't be fine next morning, but my leg... It'll take a lot longer. I'm not out of the fight though."

Master Pakku frowned and- in an uncharacteristically gentle tone- said, "Sokka, you need to let your body recover. You've done enough for now. Why don't you leave the coming battles to those who-"

"My war is not over, Master Pakku." Sokka said firmly. Blue eyes- the exact same shade as hers- stared down her waterbending teacher, "Even if I can't fight, I can still help you guys figure things out, plan the next move, whatever I can do. But what I'm not going to do is sit this one out. I need to be here. For my Tribe."

"For the Water Tribe." the older man echoed with calm acceptance, "I see you've made up your mind. I won't try to dissuade you then."

"Thank you, Master Pakku." Sokka bowed gratefully with a slight smile, and the older man bowed back.

"Since Aang isn't here for the gathering, I presume that Master Yagoda is still treating him?"

Katara nodded, "Yes, as much as I wish I could be the one nursing him back to full health, Master Yagoda has forgotten more about Waterbending Healing than I have ever learned."

"He's in very capable hands. Come along then." Master Pakku began walking away, waving a hand at them to follow. "Come along then. The crowd has already gathered."

Katara followed close behind, helping Sokka up and down the sparse steps over the canals until finally, they reached their destination.

The dining area where they had feasted on Princess Yue's birthday and they were officially welcomed to the North Pole. The place where it all began, almost untouched by previous night's fighting. Totems of great spirits, the host of great spirits lesser than the Moon and Ocean but great enough to deserve a spot on the totems, rose high all around and cast long shadows on them.

As they made their way through the throng of people gathered in front of the palace the palace, their eyes would meet with those who they passed by- warriors, healers, and regular people alike- every time, water tribe blue would meet on Water tribe blue and was followed by a nod of recognition as if to say 'We're in this together now.' The Water Tribe may have been wounded, but they were not defeated. Katara felt the weight of her water skin on her hip more clearly then, the weight of her own role in all this- to use her bending not just to heal, but to fight for those who could not.

To the top of the steps to the icy stage where Chieftain Arnook usually sat and dined, Master Pakku climbed. The weight of the situation seemed to press down harder on Master Pakku's shoulders as he sighed deeply and addressed the crowd.

"You all know who I am." He began- aged voice echoing out throughout the courtyard, "And I know you all have a thousand questions and worries swirling in your heads. Keep them in your skulls, because this is important and we have no time for you all to bark at me like a pack of turtle-seals. So, listen quietly to this old man for once."

Katara noticed how he paused, allowing the direness of the situation to truly settle. But Katara thought that Master Pakku was pausing for himself, because his voice sounded so tired. She didn't envy him, being the bearer of bad news was never a good feeling, but only for a moment, he stood straighter as his voice grew resolute.

"Due to my seniority as Chieftain Arnook's First Wave, I am to lead the Northern Water Tribe in his temporary absence. And as for you all..." He swept his eyes across the crowd, "Distant cousins... Illegitimate children... Even trusted friends of the Chieftains... You're all here because the Fire Nation has abducted most of the chiefs and their immediate families. They aimed to cut off the head of the Northern Water Tribe as if we were just some mink-snake. And unfortunately, they succeeded in their goals. Until your chieftains and their immediate families are returned to Agna Qel'a, the burden of leadership for your tribes now rests on your shoulders. And thus, you should all be made aware of the entire situation in Agna Qel'a."

There was a small wave of murmuring. Katara heard them, mostly quiet prayers to the Moon and Ocean Spirits. Others, vows of vengeance against the Fire Nation.

"The Fire Nation's attack was far more coordinated than we first thought." Pakku informed them, mincing no words, "The Fire Nation conducted their raid with the intent to cripple us as a nation, rather than kill us outright. This was apparently the reason why our unexpectedly low casualties were in fact not due to gross Fire Nation incompetence as we had initially believed."

"Low?" Katara couldn't help but repeat incredulously, loud enough to reach him, "We're sending the bodies of hundreds of our kin back to the Ocean! How is that low?!"

Some smattering of support came from the crowds as well, demanding an answer.

"Yes, Pupil Katara... That is low." Master Pakku said with a solemn nod. "I have some associates overseas who I keep in touch with. The tales they had to share of the Fire Nation 'conquering' towns? Agna Qel'a should count her blessings that the attack did not go the way as all the others did- where the casualties had reached total."

He gave her a hard stare for a moment- his narrowed blue eyes meeting hers. One that Katara recognised as her waterbending master's signature 'Don't interrupt me while I'm lecturing' look. She lowered her head.

"They started with hamstringing our ability to fight back." He began again, gesturing with his chin towards some collapsed ice buildings near the watchtowers, "Every piece of whalebone weaponry stored in our arsenals had been set ablaze and rendered a charred, brittle mess. We won't be able to arm any new militia within the next week, and even after, only in limited numbers."

Katara wasn't worried about that: Because as long as they had their bending, the Water Tribe could still defend themselves. However, Master Pakku shovelled the last piece of buffalo-yak droppings on this heap of brown snow.

"Then the Fire Nation moved on to our trade and livelihood: Our largest stables had been emptied- the buffalo-yaks and arctic camels either have been stolen or outright slaughtered. And from the state of the warehouses along our docks, they took as much furs and blue jade as they could carry before burning down the rest. Pupil Katara, keep that in mind if- when- you and the Avatar go along your way, Water Tribe money may not hold as much value as before. Even with our certain victory against the Fire Nation, we are looking some lean times ahead. Especially since all the ships we had docked in port- from our trade cutters to our waterbending catamarans and even to our smallest fishing dinghies... Each and every single one had been put to the torch."

A murmur of anger and hopelessness rippled through the crowd. Katara herself didn't think that the attack was that devastating, things were happening just like it did the South Pole again! However, Master Pakku shovelled the last piece of buffalo-yak droppings on this heap of brown snow.

"But most damning of all..." He paused to exhale deeply, running a mittened hand over his balding head before pulling out from his pocket a scroll. "... An envoy from the Fire Nation arrived just a few hours ago, bearing this scroll. And upon this scroll- signed by all the chieftains of the Northern Water Tribe and even their heirs- is written that the Northern Water Tribe has surrendered unconditionally to the Fire Nation."

He held the scroll high for everyone to see the proof of their own surrender.

The revelation made gasps of shock ripple through the crowd, and Katara was no different. "We... surrendered?" She muttered hollowly. "It's all over? Just like that?"

Some voices among the crowd, more enraged than surprised, shouted over everyone else's murmurs.

"It's a Fire Nation trick!"

"A forgery! It has to be!"

"Our chieftains would never surrender!"​

But Master Pakku just gave them a glance- a sad sideways glance, "A representative among the chieftains arrived with the envoy and attested to the veracity of this scroll." he told them, almost unwillingly, "For reasons known only to the Moon and Ocean Spirits, our chieftains have truly decided to surrender the entirety of the Northern Water Tribe to the Fire Nation."

"So we're ignoring it, right?!"​

A girl's voice shouted, and Katara had a feeling that the girl wasn't asking. But it was only when Katara noticed that the crowd's eyes were on her did she realise that she was the one who said it.

Her waterbending master's gaze rested on her.

"No." was his reply. "As much as it pains me to admit it, we cannot just ignore it. This is what happens when a Nation's leaders are captured. An exceedingly rare occurrence, yes; but it has historical precedent- I've checked. Water Tribe Chieftains, Earth Kings, Fire Lords, even Air Elders... their surrender meant that whatever territory they commanded was relinquished as well. For us, as a people, to refuse to acknowledge our chieftains' authority means that we refuse to acknowledge the structure of our own Nation. We would be abandoning our own ways- become outlaws and secessionists unrecognised as a legitimate society by the other Nations or even by Nation founded by our own ancestors! ... We'd be just another lawless barbarian tribe wandering the Polar Wastes! However..."

Her mittened hands balled into fists as Katara squeezed her eyes tight.

"We have Aang!" Her shout echoed out.

The crowd quieted down.

"We have Aang..." Still keeping her eyes shut, Katara forced out the words she did not want to say, but had to, "The Avatar is on our side. He, the bridge between the Mortal World and Spirit World, decrees us to be the Water Tribe. And if the Avatar recognises us, if he fights for us... then that's all we need, right?! The Fire Nation might have tricked our chieftains into signing this piece of paper, but we are and will always be the Water Tribe! Especially in spirit!"

"The Avatar!" "She's right!" "He's on our side!"

"The Avatar is with us!"​

She lifted her head as the crowd's rallying shouts grew- cheering with this tingling courage that all was not lost. Even Master Pakku graced her with a small smile.

"And the student steals her master's thunder, I should have you doing basic water flow drills for that, Pupil Katara." he said before turning his gaze towards the crowd, "We cannot ignore this document, but we may dispute it. If our chieftains have turned against the Water Tribe, then it is our duty to bring them to justice. We, the Water Tribes of Agna Qel'a, will NOT allow ourselves to be signed away like chattel!"

If it ensured her people were not defeated by Fire Nation tricks? Maybe it wouldn't be so bad if Aang did become the beacon of hope that people needed...

"No, stop this at once!"​

Everyone turned to the source of the shout, and Katara felt her eyes widen in surprise.

There, approaching them were the deadliest group of female warriors in all the Earth Kingdom.

Kyoshi Warriors now working for the Fire Nation, just as Sokka and all the rumours had said. With the same dark green kimonos and black armour, the same white-painted faces with red accents, and the same glittering brass headdresses on their heads. Suki and the others marched up to them fearlessly and confidently as their Fire Nation commander- as if they knew nothing would be able to touch them. And in the middle of them was a very familiar face in a very familiar purple parka-dress, a person who no one expected to be back and walking around.

"Princess Yue?!"

Morning sun rising behind her back, Princess Yue stepped forward in the exquisite parka-dress that Khan had crafted her.

"This was a really ballsy move, Princess." Suki whispered to her, sounding amused. "I like it."

Yue said nothing, focused on asserting her presence- holding her chin high and meeting the eyes of her audience.

As expected, the eyes of hundreds of her kin bore down on her, but Yue was used to it by now- she has been their princess all her life after all. And now, she was finally going to do the duty that she owed them all- Ensuring that as many of them can live on after this... by convincing them to lay down their arms to the same people who had devastated their city. The original plan was for her and her Kyoshi Warrior bodyguards to stay with the rest of the Fire Nation envoy at the city edges, and wait for the Agna Qel'a Resistance's official answer. Only then was Yue supposed to attempt changing their minds, but she knew that she had a better chance if she started before they made their decision. She could only hope that she wasn't too late.

Her bodyguards placed their hands on their katanas as Master Pakku and Katara reached them first. "Keep your distance." Suki warned them- just the slightest hint of a threat in her voice, "The Princess is here to speak, not hand out free hugs."

"Speak? I see." The wrinkled brows of Master Pakku furrowed, "Do you bear a message from the Water Tribe chiefs... or at the behest of the Fire Nation Commander, Princess Yue?"

Yue pursed her lips slightly. That was not good, they were already suspicious of her loyalties.

Still, she replied, "Master Pakku, I am here of my own free will, and this speech, entirely my and my father's idea. The only reason why he is not speaking to you is that he is too valuable as a prisoner to the Fire Nation than I am."

"What are we waiting for?" Katara, Yue's Southern water Tribe counterpart, asked the old mentor, "We have them outnumbered and they even have the princess with them!"

"Don't even try it, Katara." Suki scoffed, her arms crossed over her black chestpiece and an unamused look on her painted face.

"Impetuous youths..." Master Pakku shook his head in exasperation. "Don't let yourself be goaded, Pupil katara. Rushing into battle without understanding the full extent of the enemy army's strength and with our city in dire straits is not bravery. This is folly, the kind of which their Commander would like for us to make."

"There is no army."

Everyone turned to watch Sokka hobbling forward on his crutches in front of the crowd. "There is no Fire Nation army hiding in the tundras. One of the Fire Nation I fought that night..."

His blue eyes stared straight into Suki's deep ocean blue.

"...she let it slip that what we're facing is a lone Fire Nation division- the 41st Division."

"Is that so?" Master Pakku hummed, a grey eyebrow raised in interest.

The crowd muttered behind him. Dangerously hopeful muttering. The revelation that a single Fire Nation division was responsible for the devastating attack on Agna Qel'a was met with a mixture of disbelief and shock among the gathered Water Tribe members Murmurs spread through the crowd as they tried to reconcile the catastrophic damage and loss with the idea that only one enemy division could have inflicted such harm, yes. Even Yue was stunned when it was first revealed to her, but she knew what came after, she had experienced it herself after all and now, spotted it among the crowd's faces- the moment when that initial wave of fear ebbed away to reveal a glittering little gem of hope: They could win against a single Fire Nation division, couldn't they?

"Dammit, Sokka." Yue heard Suki mutter. Then followed by an even quieter, "Khan's going to kill me for that. This is so over now."

Yue started to sweat under her parka. No, it can't be over! She hadn't even made her case yet! Even if they defeated Khan and his forces, when the Fire Nation Armada arrived, surely those Fire Nation soldiers would show not a shred of mercy to the people of Agna Qel'a for defeating their prince. Her people would go the way of the Air Nomads!

Throughout her realisation, she watched as Sokka just smiled smugly, triumphant in his ignorance to the danger he'd just put them in, and Yue believed herself to be someone who did violence, but in that moment, she just wanted to slap him.

"Regretting that you didn't get rid of the Sokka when you had a chance, Suki?" He said.

"No, I stand by everything that I said that night," Suki told him, "I gave you the chance to stay out of this war. I'm just regretting that I can't get rid of you now- you're lucky that we have explicit orders from Khan not to attempt to take any targets of opportunity during this diplomatic meeting."

"And I'm real flattered that the Giant thinks I'm a big enough opportunity to get targeted by his frumpy Kyoshi Warrior turncoats."

"Frumpy?!"

"You take that back. We're lithe and slender!"

"And stylish!"
​
"Don't make this personal, Sokka."​

"Nah, you're just a little heavy-side."

Yue watched as the redheaded Kyoshi Warrior frowned before glancing over to her and smirking. She did not like where this was going...

"Alright, wise guy." Suki said with too mischievous of a voice, "If you're going to be so smug, why don't you ask the Princess here what she had to do to convince Khan to let her make this little speech to you all?"

Yue frowned stoically as she ignored the slap to her rear that the Kyoshi Warrior gave her. "It was nothing, Sokka, just some Fire Nation etiquette." She answered, deciding to cut off before any misunderstanding occurred, "A small, odd ritual involving swallowing his ash-banana."

But for whatever reason, it did the opposite of reassure him. His blue eyes widened in shock.

"You did what to his what?" Sokka said with a scandalised shout, "How could you!?"

"It wasn't anything notable!" Yue said, her brows furrowed. "Yes, it was the first one I've had, or even seen. But it was just an ash-banana!"

"Just an 'ash-banana'?!" He squawked.

Yue didn't understand. What was so culturally significant about ash-bananas that even Sokka understood its hidden implications and she didn't? Perhaps there was some romantic subtext that she did not know about? Sokka was well-travelled after all, perhaps he heard something about it from the Fire Nation colonies? Regardless, Yue defended her honour, "There were and are no romantic feelings between myself and Fire Nation giant, Sokka! The Giant was amicable, but I didn't even kiss him or anything!"

"But you still sucked him off?!"

She did not know what that meant either, but going by context clues...

"And I'd 'suck him off' a hundred times more!" Yue bravely announced. "I'd wear that furkini and stick his ash-banana in my chest! Be his 'Arctic Mocha bunny' for the rest of my life if need be. If it could convince him to let me be here, then I was ready to do anything! This is how important it is!"

But instead of focusing on the last part, Sokka just cried out, "He made you wear what and do what in your what and be his WHAT?!"

Yue didn't know how to respond to that one.

The Kyoshi Warriors once again found mirth at her expense- holding on each other's armoured shoulders and clutching their guts as they held in their laughter.

All the while the crowd's mutterings rose in volume too.

"How horrible..." "Those Fire Nation brutes..." "Our own princess..." "That giant is a real piece of work..."

[Fire Nation Arctic Base]

For defiling their princess to your every twisted whim...
{Sokka} Reputation : -60 -> -100

+ R +

For defiling their princess to your every twisted whim...
{Water Tribes} Reputation : -100
{Water Tribes} Infamy: 60 -> 90

+ R +​

Oh come on, you Water Tribe ingrates!

I did not lay a hand on your thicc, white-haired, mocha princess. I did the opposite of that! I even crafted her an almost identical parka-dress!

First, it was the Fire Nation Royal family. Now it's the Water Tribe one! Royals are almost more trouble than they're worth!
[Agna Qel'a]

Yue still did not get it, but with how Suki was subtly gesturing to her, she noticed the crowds' eyes sparkling with pity and realised how to turn it to her favour.

"There is little I wouldn't sacrifice for my people." She said loudly, solemnly.

Silence from the crowd. Sokka in particular refused to meet her eyes.

It worked! She took a deep breath, quiet as a snowflake and just for herself, letting her eyes scan her audience as they muttered. Faces of people she had only seen in passing- distant relatives to the chieftains and their acquaintances. People she barely knew. Water Tribe all the same. Then her voice echoed out.

"People of Agna Qel'a, My beloved tribesmen, I am here to entrust you all with the most difficult and important of tasks for the survival of the Water Tribe. I am here to ask you all to surrender."

"How can you say that? After all the things we've all been put through?" Katara gasped, eyes wide and looking at her in equal parts disbelief and betrayal. And Yue knew that it was likely how the rest of the crowd felt.

"My kin, we have lost." She pleaded to them with as much sincerity as she could muster, "But we stand to lose so much more if we do not surrender! It is true that the Spirits of the Moon and of the Ocean would not want us to be under Fire Nation rule, but the alternative would be much more objectionable!"

"What could be worse than having Agna Qel'a reduced to a Fire Nation colony and us all being humbled to be second-class citizens in our own lands?!"

".. We could all be dead." was Yue's quiet reply. Loud enough for everyone to hear, but quiet enough to not tempt fate. Hopefully.

"You really think the Fire Nation would win against us?"

"There are things that are beyond your knowledge- things that I am not permitted to reveal to you." Yue paused, thinking of the hundreds of Fire Nation cruisers that were likely to be sailing in the seas behind her right this very moment, "But so great and terrible are these terrible realities that they have convinced my father and all the chieftains that signing that declaration of Northern Water Tribe's surrender is our people's best course of action now. It is our only course of action now if we wish to preserve our people and our way of life. We have to sacrifice what we can bear to lose, to safeguard what we cannot."

There. For the briefest moment, Yue saw it in their eyes- they were actually willing to surrender.

"But we have to try! We have to fight back!" Katara's voice rang out. With a determined look on her face, Yue's Southern Water Tribe counterpart showed that she was still full of fight, so unlike herself, "We can't just let the Fire Nation do what they want! You just can't! They'll take our people away from us! First, it'll be your leaders, then it'll be anyone who can waterbend, then it'll be your aunts and uncles and m-mothers! We have to draw the line in the snow, here and now! And with Aang- with the Avatar- we can!"

"The Avatar is with us!"

"Why should we surrender when we cannot lose?"

"The Avatar stands with the Water Tribe!"​

Yue tried desperately to refute it, "Even with the Avatar, what you face is too great! The cost of fighting this is too high! Please reconsider! You don't know what's lurking beyond the horizon!"

"Cutting it close, Yue." came Suki's whisper, and she frowned. The leash was just too short.

"It doesn't matter!" Katara shouted back to her face, "You tell the Giant that we're not letting him do all the things the Fire Nation already did to the Southern Water Tribe! Never again! Never in a million years!"

"No! Please, I'm begging you to surrender!" Yue frantically shouted, throwing all composure to the wind, "For all our sakes. For the sake of the Water Tribe, please you have to believe me! We cannot win this!"

"Yes, we can!" Dozens of mittened fists rose into the air right before Yue's eyes as the crowd rallied to the Southern Water Tribe Princess. "And with Aang on our side, We, the Northern Water Tribe, will NOT allow ourselves to be signed away like chattel! For the Water Tribe!"

"For the Moon and Ocean Spirits!"

"Water Tribe Forever!"
​
"No, none of you understand!!" Yue shouted as loudly as she could, "There's an A-!"

Cold metal pressed against her throat, just the flat cheek of a razor sharp blade resting on her bare neck. One small slight tilt away from her bleeding out with an open throat on the snow. Suki's voice followed immediately after.

"You've said enough, Princess." She said calmly.

"...Suki, please." Yue begged, suppressing the urge to weep for her people's foolhardiness. "They won't listen. You have to let me tell them that-"

"No." The Kyoshi Warrior replied, "It won't do you any good anyway. I know you heard me when I said it was over. And I know you can see it in their eyes too- they're not going to go down without a fight. No matter who or what they face."

"But I can't just leave my people to die." Yue whispered.

"And we can't disobey Khan- we'd only be making it worse. If anyone knows how to solve this, it'd be him."

"...okay."

The katana clicked shut in its sheath, and it was only then that Yue realised the blade was no longer on her throat.

"Enough, Pupil Katara." Master Pakku sighed as he rested a hand on the cheering Katara's shoulder before settling his hard gaze on Suki, "Here is your formal answer, Fire Nation."

Then he proceeded to tear the Declaration of Surrender right before their eyes. The pieces fluttered to the snow.

"Yeah, it looks like we do." Suki shook her head with a sigh, "Khan isn't going to be happy to have another document ruined like that. Tell me that you'll at least let us be on our way, and not try something stupid like capture us."

"No, release the Princess, Kyoshi Warriors." Master Pakku calmly demanded, hands confidently behind his back. "You will be our prisoners. Perhaps the Giant would be willing to exchange some of his for you."

"Don't even try it!"

Master Pakku let out a brief whistle.

Yue watched as the Water Tribe Militia streamed in from every direction. A tide of blue parkas and hard eyes of her people. The sharpened points of whalebone spears pointed at them. Twenty? Forty of them? All forming a cage of brave Water Tribe Militia and fine whalebone weaponry around her Kyoshi Warrior captors. It was the sight that Yue prayed to the Moon Spirit for on that fateful night. But now, it only filled her with dread as she realised how reckless her 'plan' to infiltrate into her own city actually was. Prince Khan was their only hope now in having the Armada called off. If she was kept here... she wouldn't be able to attempt to convince him, and all hope of her people surviving would truly be lost.

"Just figured what'll happen if you're too far away to talk to Khan, huh?" Suki whispered to her, apparently having seen her expression of realisation.

"Yes..." Yue shrank back behind her Kyoshi Warrior captor-turned-bodyguard, "Please, you have to give me a chance to convince him."

"No worries. We'll get you out of here." Suki reassured as she and the others stepped in front of her to form a wall of green kimonos and black armour. The redhead glanced at one of the other Kyoshi Warriors, "Also, you all know whose turn it is to carry the Princess, right?"

"... Dammit."

But the Kyoshi Warriors themselves only scoffed, bright red lips curled in cocky smirks.

"Oh no. We're surrounded by out-of-shape men with pointy sticks. We're so in danger. Yawn."

"Get those things out of our faces. Please? You're not even holding those spears right. This is embarrassing!"

"Mhm, this threat is so 'great' that I might just collapse on the spot... snoring."

"Look at that guy's stance. He's gonna soil his pants trying to exert any real force behind his thrust."

"Ok, sisters, just like we practiced on the march here."​

"You're surrounded." The old Waterbending master warned, his royal blue sleeves swaying in the arctic breeze as he shifted into a waterbending stance. "No matter how swift or cunning you think you are, there is no escape from the city."

Suki flashed a brilliant smile at him, "That's where you're wrong, geezer!"

From their pockets, the Kyoshi Warriors pulled out stones carved with symbols... then struck a pose in sequence.

"Kyoshi Warrior Secret Art!"

"Bu!"

"Re!"

"Tai!"

"Mu!"

"[Bu Re Tai Mu]!"​

Before Yue could realise what any of that meant, a wall of smoke exploded into existence, then her home city of Agna Qel'a turned into a white and blue blur.

(A few breaths later)

Katara blinked at the [Ice Wall] suddenly between them and the circle of water tribe militia. Not as thick as before, but definitely thick enough to block a Kyoshi Katana. Except...

"Where'd they go?!" Katara demanded, but the Militia that once surrounded the squad of Kyoshi Warriors just looked clueless, swinging their gaze this way and that, looking for them. Nothing but dissipating smoke and empty space in the middle of them.

"Tricky Kyoshi Warriors..." Master Pakku sighed beside her, his grey hair brushing against his snow-touched shoulders as he shook his head in annoyance. "They'll be long gone now. Less than ideal, of course, they'll inform the Giant and his division of our refusal to surrender... but I do not believe they'll attack now that we all know they're but a lone Fire Nation division in our lands."

"What do we do now, Master Pakku?" She asked.

"We will prepare to rescue our captured chieftains." He said, "But for now, we keep licking our wounds."

His mittened hand rested on her shoulder.

"That was a rousing speech, Pupil Katara." He said to her.

Katara just smiled sadly. "All I did was say all the things I wished I did the day my mother died."

"And I'm sure you made her proud with how brave you were today."

"... Thank you, Master Pakku."

"Also, don't interrupt my speech and steal my thunder ever again. Or I'll have you doing Water Flow drills all day long."

"Yes, Master!" Katara smiled.

"You too, son." He said, turning to Sokka. "Your keen ear may have saved the Water Tribe from surrendering to a single Fire Nation division. That would have made us a laughing stock of the Four Nations for a thousand years."

"Still bummed out about Princess Yue..." Sokka muttered before exhaling and shooting a confident smile at them, "But now we can save her for real this time! We just have to beat this one Fire Nation division, then we win this war for the North Pole! And also, Khan is the worst and biggest monster that the Fire Nation can offer. If we defeat him, there is nothing that the Fire Nation can throw at us that would be worse than him!"

He turned around to the crowd and raised one of his whalebone crutches like it was a weapon. "WATER TRIBE!"

The crowd returned his rallying cry.

"For the Water Tribe!"

"The Avatar is with us!"

"For the Moon and Ocean Spirits!"​

"The full might of Agna Qel'a is being roused..." Master Pakku noted, and Katara looked all around her. To the ready and eager faces of her brave Water Tribe kin, to the damaged but unbroken city of Agna Qel'a, and to that little private hut where an Avatar and dear friend was resting...

Never before had she felt victory to be so sure.

[Fire Nation Arctic Base]

The entire 41st Division was gathered before me. Pale snow dusting the Fire Nation red of my spiked pauldrons.

The blizzard was picking up again, but they all stood unerringly at attention despite the weather. The edges of their black greatcoats, their plumed helmet's feathers swaying in the winds, and even as the snow began to bury their boots.

[Unofficial Delegation]
Strategic flexibility often comes from entrusting the right tasks to the right personnel. Unofficial Delegation allows you to temporarily grant the effects of a Companion Skill, Stat Perk or Proficiency Skill to a chosen companion. The more powerful the shared skill is, the shorter the duration and the longer the cooldown period between sharing becomes- reaching days or even weeks. But in those brief few minutes, your companion becomes an extension of your will: A herald, an enforcer, a diplomat, a saboteur, an executioner. Whatever you need them to be. Unofficially, of course.
+ R +

[Unofficial Delegation] Activation!

Companion: {Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors}
Perk/Skill Activated: [Bullet Time] x3
Cooldown: 6 Day, 23 hours, 55 minutes

+ R +​

The emergency measure that I shared with the Kyoshi Warriors has been activated. The negotiations had failed yet again. I held the 'talisman' of carved stone in the palm of my armoured hand. Decoys to shroud my BS Gamer functions in superstition and mysticism, and from the way my troops were looking at it distrustfully, it was working. I squeezed it until the stone crumbled to dust in my fingers.

My skull helm turned its gaze towards the gathered Fire Nation troops.

"41st Division!" My voice boomed- echoing all throughout the valley.

Immediately, chests under Fire Nation Red armour and dark greatcoats stiffened at attention, and their gauntlets snapped to their helmets' visors in a crisp salute.

"COMMANDER KHAN, SIR!"​

My heavily armoured frame stood tall before them, not letting a single speck of weakness or doubt show as I made the announcement of our worst case scenario.

"Despite our successful sneak attack, the hopeless scenario that Fire Nation High Command has warned us about has come to pass. We, a single Fire Nation division, stand alone behind enemy lines- right on the doorstep of the frozen citadel of our opposing element and whose home terrain hates the very existence of us Firebenders. Our supplies are only what we had carried with us. Our only reinforcement, currently entire seas away. The only port off this miserable, frozen rock in more than a hundred kilometres is controlled by the enemy! And they're going to come charging across those plains- a great force of waterbenders in their element, outnumbering us 8-to-1! They will accept no surrender, no prisoners."

"41st Division..." I looked each of them in the eye. "... This is exactly the type of war I trained you for! Show them no mercy! That's an order!"

"SIR! YES, SIR!"​
[Coast of the Fire Nation Capital]

Grand Admiral Zhao stood patiently as the sand in the hourglass continued to pour.

The everpresent salty sea air was cool. The sea ravens continued to caw overhead in the noon sun. And he continued to allow all the men to bask in his own overflowing glory. He was, after all, armoured in the finest Fire Nation cotton red fatigues, armour plates polished until it was blackest night, great cape stitched with gold thread accents, and his voluminous sideburns dabbed with the most expensive Abby-brand cologne. All finery worthy of being the greatest admiral in the Fire Nation history- No, in the history of the whole Four Nations!

"Are we finished standing around and looking cool, Uncle Jao?"

The last piece of sand fell to the bottom of the hourglass, and Grand Admiral Zhao smiled.

"Yes, Anya. it is in fact finally time."

"Waku Waku!" the tiny pink-haired girl bounced on her tiny feet as she climbed the step ladder. A breeze picked up as her own red cape that her adoptive father made for her almost blew her away, but Zhao was worried because a slender but very deadly hand darted out from behind her to hold her steady.

"Careful, Anya." The soft, feminine voice of the world's deadliest assassin rang out.

"Ah, thank you, mama!"

Anya gripped the metal railing tight as she looked out to the gathered division of Fire Nation Elites assembled on the vast deck of his battleship, and cleared her throat.

"We're gonna stop the evil waterbenders at their evil ice castle!" She shouted to them, "We're gonna blast them with fire until they're super mega sorry for being evil waterbenders! And with the superweapon that Papa left for us, we'll be unstopfeatable!"

She raised both her tiny fists straight up into the air and her voice rose as loud as she could.

"For Fire Nation and Fire Lord Ozzy!"

"FOR FIRE NATION AND FIRE LORD OZAI!"​

The voices of forty thousand Fire Nation Veterans across two hundred Fire Nation warships shouted in unison, echoing their challenge across the seas.

His moment of Triumph was nigh.

"My Armada is ready." Grand Admiral Zhao said with relish, "Set a course for the Northern Water Tribe."

As one, the blue sky began to choke with the pungent smog of coal-fired engines, metal hulls groaned with the deep voices of mountains as they began to move, the munitions enough to reduce a hundred Omashus to smoking ruins sleeping soundly despite the waves banging helplessly against the hulls, and in the wake of two hundred Fire Nation cruisers and battleships, the ocean trembled beneath them.

The Fire Nation Armada had set sail for the North Pole.

"What do you think, Pupil Katara?" Master Pakku asked, "Would we lose?"

Katara smirked.

"Nah, we'd win."
​
- Ash-Banana Diplomacy End -
​
~ Chapter 25: They Win't ~
Coming Soon for Public Release!
~In which... Khan deploys the Tactical Useful Idiot against the Northern Water Tribe. Khan readies welcomes some Water Tribe scouts to the ice fields. And Katara raises some death flags- a lot of death flags. ~​

AN:

This chapter occurs between the episodes... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 18 - The Waterbending Master) and (ATLA Book 1, Episode 19 - The Siege of the North).

Suck harder, Yue!... Suck like your people's lives depend on it!

Sorry, I'm late... I tried to make the NTR more... palatable by making it funny, because people keep saying they don't like it. Yue's scenes were originally a lot more serious and along the lines of 'For my people *sob* , I will *sob* suck on this ash-banana. *sob* *sob*' So yeah. Last minute shitposting is a habit I cannot break. Also, my biopsy turned up clear. Glad that I'll be able to keep posting past this year.

Yeah, about that ninja disappearing act... Suki and the Kyoshi Warriors could have totally killed Katara and Sokka right then and there if Khan didn't explicitly order that their number one priority was Princess Yue. Or else, he would have ordered them otherwise. Mhm, opportunity costs in war are very often overlooked and grossly understated. But hey, no war is ever fought with perfect information, and omniscience isn't one of Khan's skills.

The next chapter is already available... at p atr_eon. com/infonticus (Public Posting Date: 2024-MAY-11 EST)

EDIT: Since so many people are angry at Suki... Here is the next chapter's AN. No spoilers, don't worry.
Would have preferred to skip this chapter... I feel like I already hyped the Armada's arrival enough, and this chapter is all set up to something way cooler. I personally would have preferred to have just skipped to the Armada's arrival. But... I'm getting feedback that people would still like to see the following before it's too late to portray them: 1) Suki getting properly chastised for her shenanigans, 2) The Northern Water Tribe getting their asses handed to them before the War Crimes Loli arrives to do her cute and funny war crimes. 3) Katara PTSD. So, this chapter is a setup to them before the climax of Book 1.

Spoiler: Chapter 24 Meme
Last edited: Apr 30, 2024
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like LikeReport
Like Reactions:You, Ghjikl, Michael_1992 and 1,564 others
Infonticus
Apr 30, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Repercussions
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Aug 4, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,468
Chapter 25 - Repercussions

In which… the war in the North Pole reaches boiling point. Suki and the Kyoshi Warriors are reminded that they're on the bad guys' side (read: the winning team). And Katara gets a promotion just as she gears up for the biggest mistake of her life: Fighting the 41st Division out in the Polar Wastes.


[Arctic Tundras]

"Just look at these feckless 'Northern Water Tribe' fools, Khan..."

Squinting his wrinkled eyes, Essin peeked through the small gap in our igloo walls. Outside, the vast expanse of the tundra stretched endlessly, nothing but stony shards of hills and mountains stabbing out from the white blanket of arctic snow. Nothing except our prey.

"This is what they call 'hunters' and 'scouts'!?" The elderly barbarian leader spat in disgust, "Waddling across the snow like baby otter-penguins, blank-eyed and unawares. If a pack of Deep North snow-leopard-caribou came stalking, these halfwits would be red smears on the snow before they realised they were breakfast. Are they all really this clueless, Khan; or did you just kill all the observant ones already?"

Camouflaged by our Barbarian Tribe allies' waterbending, our Command Igloo was just another nondescript snow mound amidst the tundras to any passing eye. Who would have guessed that it was actually an entire bunker, complete with a small barracks, a stable, and my own metal abode buried in the snow? Well, from the way the team of Agna Qel'a Resistance scouts were riding on their buffalo-yaks across our field of view, as if we weren't here, it certainly wasn't going to be them who'll figure it out.

"They just don't know that you exist," I shrugged. The tea kettle began to simmer in my armoured palm, warming the air of our surprisingly roomy observation igloo's icy walls. "I'll bet you a whole yuanbao that if they had any inkling that we had help from Waterbenders, they certainly would not be dividing their forces like they are now."

"Bah! This has nothing to do with tactics." The barbarian elder waved a mittened hand dismissively, still peering through the peephole and watching the scouts' progress. "I refuse to accept that I descend from the same proud Water Tribe stock as these piles of arctic camel droppings. They should be checking the ancient cave shelters for us, they should know that traversing this specific valley is easier at dawn than afternoon, and they should know that something had scared off the mountain buffalo-yak herds at the end of their migration. We have a thousand years' worth of Water Tribe wisdoms and birthrights passed down from father to son... They can't have forgotten it all from a mere hundred years of living in the city!"

"But they did." I nodded solemnly. "That, or they know we're watching and they're doing everything wrong to spite you specifically."

"I'd eat my frozen turd if that was the truth." the elder barbarian grunted. "... Even you Hot Landers walked the North Pole better than they're doing right now."

"Thank you."

"It wasn't a compliment, Khan. Your division would have spooked away every herd and tripped into every icy sinkhole on the way here if we hadn't pointed them out."

"We also have our strengths too." I countered as I offered some hot tea to the old barbarian and his grandson. "And with your wisdom, we may be the first 'Hot Landers' in a thousand years who genuinely know how to thrive in the North Pole."

"Egh." Essin grunted as he accepted the warm teacup, as close to an admission as I'll get.

For having a point and taking after his teachings well...

Essin of the Partas Clan Reputation: 65 -> 75​

Yes, those weeks of travelling with the prickly barbarian chieftain truly were worth it.

We Firebenders may not have many advantages out here in the arctic, but this specific one that we had changed the game. In the unnaturally cold climate of the North Pole, the heat drained fast from igloos out in the tundras, leaving them just as cold inside as out in a few scant hours. Trying to warm the interior was far too inefficient as well, demanding too much of their valuable tiger-seal blubber that were reserved only for emergencies; this was a challenge that the Water Tribe, no matter the allegiance, had when camping out and severely limited their options.

But that's where firebenders such as the 41st Division came in.

Generating heat can be as effortless as breathing for us, just as Iroh and Zuko showed in canon with their [Breath of Fire] technique. Through shift rotations, we can keep a space warm around the clock without exposing our position through campfire smoke. With our strengths combined, the 41st Division and Barbarian clan took advantage of the snowy terrain, patiently lying in wait for days, anticipating clueless Water Tribe scouts like these to wander into our kill zones- easy kills. Not that it made acting like glorified heaters any less monotonous, but such was life in the military: monotony broken up by frantic bouts of extreme violence.

"The Agna Qel'a Resistance will not find any useful intel here." I grunted. "At this rate, they'll never find Homebase before the Armada arrives."

"It still amazes me that these fools from the city think they can fight you." Essin sipped his tea, glaring through the observation slit.

Spiked armour plates clicked as I shrugged. "They must be severely underestimating our strength because we didn't kill that many of them during the attack."

"Which was exactly the problem, Hot Lander." He muttered back, "Should have cut open all their throats while they slept... So, are we butchering this team of 'scouts' or what?"

"No, let the 3rd Squad have this one- they need to stretch their legs." I grunted, standing up to hold up a polished dagger to the observation slit. Light reflected brief flashes of light from its jewel, pointed at a specific spot in the hillside. Signal given, and we all watched as Fire Nation red and ostrich-horse brown began charging from their own camouflaged igloos.

Fire Nation elites on hungry ostrich-horses now blasting through the snow towards them, the Water Tribe scouts reacted by...

"They're... surrendering? Not even putting up a lick of a fight?" Essin noted aloud, disappointed and disgusted as we all watched the Water Tribe scouts raise their arms in the air just as the {41st Division Elite Cavalry Scouts} reached them. The sharp tips of their guandao glaives formed a pointed circle around our newest captives, all over the sound of Essin grinding what few teeth he had together. "At least the last team fought at first... Just when I thought I couldn't despise them more."

"That's good for us. We need as much intel as we can get on the state of the city."

"Bah, more talk." Essin sat back down with a huff- little Eswar pouring more tea into his cup. "The only state their city needs to be in is stained red with their blood."

"A battle-ready city of more than hundreds of thousands strong is too great of a challenge for our little alliance and you know it." I watched as 3rd Squad took our newest prisoners away for interrogation, the barbarian waterbenders attached to their squad removing all the tracks from the snow and ice as they withdrew back to their igloo. "We could kill a hundred for each of our number and they'd still have fighting men left over. We need to be smart about this, and seize every advantage we can."

"Telling me that we can have a hundred each only makes me want it more." Essin laughed, sitting back down now that the captured scouts were being taken away. He took another sip, "I want them all dead: I don't mind how we do it. We could simply wait for your Hot Lander Armada to arrive, Khan. Let your Hot Lander ships burn it all down, melt the city back to water, the clans won't mind having to rebuild Agna Qel'a if it means that all 'Northern Water Tribe' are wiped away from existence. By the Ocean Spirit, I wouldn't even mind spending the rest of my days hunting for Buffalo-Yak pelt to give as tribute to your Fire Lord for it either."

"It might just come to that." I sat back down with a shake of my skull helmet. "As long as-"

"Commander Khan, sir!" A [41st Division Elite Raider] interrupted, pushing aside the fur door of the observation igloo, his red gauntlet clicking against a feathered helmet in a salute as soon he arrived, "We have an unscheduled arrival from homebase: The Kyoshi Warriors have come with an urgent message for you- they claim it needs to be given in person."

"Important enough to spend half a day navigating around unstable terrain, and you stopped them? Maybe I should roll back on those internal security measures." I wondered aloud. "Send them in and go double check that there isn't a trail leading to the bunker."

"Yes, sir!" came the salute from him before his footsteps on snow echoed.

The six Kyoshi warriors with their green armoured kimonos shuffled in soon after, painted faces lowered the moment their eyes saw my skull helmet. Even the snowy-haired Princess Yue in her purple parka-dress followed behind them, looking just ashamed. Before I could even say a word, Suki and the Kyoshi Warriors immediately dropped into a dogeza before my feet, pressing their foreheads to the snow.

"Khan, I messed up!" Suki spoke up, head still bowed.

"No, we messed up!"

"We should have caught that mistake!"

"The negotiations got screwed up because of it!"

"We're deeply sorry!"​

"What do you mean?" My brows furrowed in confusion under my helm, "I mean, you took a risk with the princess, certainly. But from the envoy's messenger hawk, it almost got us everything we wanted. It seemed like a low-risk gamble, especially with the talisman I provided. The odds were heavily in our favor."

"That's not it," she confessed, her voice wavering.

"The reason they know we're just one division is because... I let it slip to Sokka that night when we kidnapped Princess Yue. mentioned the 41st Division, thinking it was harmless. But Sokka managed to piece it all together and shared the information with everyone else." She paused, the weight of her words hanging heavily in the air. Her ocean blue eyes, filled with regret, met mine as she continued, her voice barely above a guilty whisper, "That's why the negotiations failed. This is all my fault."

"Truly? I'd shake your hand, girlie!" Essin preempted me before grinning toothlessly at Yue, "You hear that, Princess? This means your own people have left us with no choice but to sit back, snack on some tiger-seal jerky, and watch the Hot Lander Armada smash them into the ice like one of Khan's juicy 'burgers' now! Hahahaha! Laugh with your grandfather, boy!"

"ahaha!?"

Princess Yue's blue eyes widened in horror as Essin's and Eswar's laughter filled the command igloo. Until finally, she couldn't take it, "Please, by the Moon Spirit, no!" She prostrated herself beside the Kyoshi Warriors as well, "Honourable Commander Khan, there has to be another way! Please spare my people!"

"Everyone, quiet down. We're getting far ahead of ourselves." My deep voice rumbled, wishing I could massage my temple through my helmet. "Suki, what did you say that night exactly?"

The redhead lifted her head. Her ocean blue eyes met mine briefly before she looked away in shame, whispering, "I said that 'We, and the rest of the 41st Division have no other choice but to fight and see this through.' "

Placing myself in the shoes of the young Southern Water Tribe chiefling, I concluded. "That is a pretty enormous leap in logic." I told her, "From the information available to him, the 41st Division could just as likely have been the vanguard, operating far ahead of a larger Fire Nation force based in the North Pole. Sokka shouldn't have been able to definitively say that we're operating alone from just that, unless... You reacted in a way that confirmed his suspicions?"

Suki's ocean blue eyes widened as she realised that she had been tricked, "Oh.... dammit, Sokka."

"Is this 'Sokka' a chieftain that you missed, Hot Lander?" Essin asked.

"Sokka is Southern Water Tribe Chieftain Hakoda's son," I told the aged barbarian, "He's no prodigy waterbender like his sister, but he has a natural grasp for strategy and tactics that surpass most Fire Nation Noble Clan scions. The only reason he wasn't an initial target was because of his proximity to the Avatar- having been accompanying the Avatar since the airbender awoke in the South Pole."

"Southern Water Tribe, eh?" The elderly barbarian rubbed his chin. "They're a good tribe, from what my sire and grandsire told me. Wanting in the spiritual aspects of our culture, but more in tune to the true spirit of the Water Tribe than these spoiled Agna Qel'a mink-snakes."

"I trained him myself." Suki admittedly quietly.

"Regardless, Suki," I said, tone hardening, and the redhead flinched. "You're getting reckless. Emotional."

"I'm getting desperate," she admitted, red-painted lips pressed into a thin line. "Khan, there has to be another way. I don't want Agna Qel'a to get burned to the ground by the Armada. I don't want that kind of blood on Kyoshi Warrior hands."

My large armored hand raised, preemptively quieting down Essin just as I got a subtle nudge from [As One!] which indicated that he had been about to speak. And through the slits of my skull helm, my green eyes stared down at the kneeling girls, "Then... is this where your Oath ends, Kyoshi Warriors?"

"What?!" they gasped.

"If our victory meant ending the entire population of Agna Qel'a, would you do it?"

Princess Yue spoke up, "Commander, please recons-"

"Quiet." was my only warning. Yue's mouth snapped shut.

Obedience check succeeded! 65/20 Obedience Required with [Princess Yue]

+ R +​

Suki- still confused- spoke up, "But Khan, that's what we've been trying to do, right? Save people's lives? To build something great as the world burns down?"

"You've lost sight of why we're fighting, Suki." my deep voice rumbled in a solemn tone, "We're not here to save lives; we're here to end this war with our victory. Consider what will follow if we fail. The war will drag on, perhaps for another hundred years, consuming countless lives and resources, prolonging a legacy of suffering and misery that will haunt generations to come. Or worse yet, if our enemies emerge victorious, their rule would plunge the Four Nations into an era of decadence and stagnation. It would be akin to the gluttonous reign of the Earth Kings of old, one so terrible that people would beg for our return."

The Kyoshi Warriors stayed silent, digesting the images conjured by my words. I pressed on, just as solemnly.

"That is why we burn first, then build. However many of our former enemies survive to witness what we construct from the ashes is merely a welcome coincidence. Because what we are trying to achieve transcends the population of any one city."

"... We understand."

"But more importantly..." My armoured frame knelt on one knee- snow crunching under my knee plate as I lifted my skull helmet slightly so that they could hear my voice unmuffled as I whispered sincerely, intimately, "Kyoshi Warriors, Suki... I need you with me on this one."

Their eyes, painted in that graceful salmon pink and set across their pale-painted face, widened. And silence lingered a bit more, heavy in the arctic air, until they whispered as one, "You do, Khan. Always."

"So," I stood up, speaking loud enough for the others in the igloo to hear again, "I want that answer: If I commanded you that you had to slaughter everyone in Agna Qel'a? Would you refuse?"

Reputation & Obedience check succeeded!

100/100 Reputation & Obedience Required with [Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors]

+ R +

Despite our initial clash of values and the tension that had threatened to fracture our relationship, there was barely any hesitation as each brave girl spoke up in firm, solemn tones- cutting through the uncertainty.

"No, we wouldn't."

"Our Oath is our bond."

"We will not forswear it. No matter what."

"As you have asked of us: unquestioning obedience and unflinching loyalty."

"In whatever task you require accomplished. In whichever foe you need removed..."​

They all bowed their heads together, and Suki breathed a familiar promise, "In this life or in our thousandth life, the Kyoshi Warriors will live to serve you, our Khan! So... line up all of Agna Qel'a and we will slit their throats one by one until the waterways of Agna Qel'a flow red with the lifeblood of all its people! We're ready!"

In the background, Essin nodded in approval, apparently not needing any further explanation now that Kyoshi Warriors' loyalty was no longer in question.

For being a leader with an actual spine...

[Essin of the Partas Clan] Reputation: 70 -> 90​

"Suki..." Yue whispered, a betrayed look on the snowy-haired princess' face as she glanced at the girls in green. Now without her peers' support, she looked at me, her mittened hands clasped together as if she was begging, "But we're so close, Commander! You have the formal document of surrender, our chieftains, and myself, as well. We have to count for something, right? Surely there's no need for you to resort to such extremes of violence?"

Steam escaped my skull helmet as I exhaled, my deep voice echoing out in the silent command igloo, "Extremes? We were the ones who offered Chieftain Arnook the chance to surrender before the battle began, but he refused. I offered it again to Avatar Aang during our battle, refused. Yet again, I offered it to the Agna Qel'a Resistance after I bested the Avatar, refused again. And just yesterday, you had relayed to the Agna Qel'a Resistance that the Chieftains have actually signed your people's surrender, only for them to refuse acknowledging their own surrender!"

"But-"

"That's four times, Princess Yue." my hard whisper rang out, "Four times had we asked them politely, and four times had we escalated the conflict to make them realise that there was no winning against us. Truly, your people were never going to surrender- not without considerable loss of life. I know it, Suki knows it, and everyone else in the North Pole knows it. Come to terms with it."

"But there has to be something else we could do!" Yue cried openly.

"It is out of your hands, Princess." I told her, lifting up her chin and brushing away her tears with a warmed thumb, "The time for talk is over. Your people have refused to steer from this course- determined to throw away their lives for a 'Northern Water Tribe victory' that was never achievable. And now we are back to the same question that your father took so long to answer: How many sons and daughters of the Northern Water Tribe have to die before the rest of them are convinced to live on in obedience?"

"All of them, hopefully." Essin quipped cheerfully, with a toothless grin. "So, what's the plan now, Khan?"

My armoured frame pulled away from the princess. "The original plan was just to keep them occupied: capturing their scouting teams, pinging their ground defences and outmaneuvering their sallying defences until the Armada arrives. The reckless and frankly incompetent leader we have installed will ensure that their defence will crumble quickly and surrender will follow soon after with... close to minimal damage to population and infrastructure."

"Bah!"

"But now that they know the disparity in troop numbers..." I said, glancing over to the Kyoshi Warriors who flinched slightly at the consequences of their slip of tongue, "It's close to the worst case scenario: The Agna Qel'a Resistance will invariably be massing for an all out attack; a large militia numbering anywhere from four to fifteen thousand militia will be marching out of the city soon. And our merry band of a single thousand warriors will need to engage this massive army- not defeat, but engage. Just long enough for the Armada to arrive and end this campaign."

"That's just close to the worst case?" Suki questioned.

"The worst case is that the Armada arrives, and I am not there to keep the admiral from… taking things too far." I replied. Or, in other words, I won't be able to talk him out of making the moon permanently disappear and doom the entire world. "Thankfully, that's not the case, and I've already prepared us for this current situation that we've found ourselves in."

"Thank, Kyoshi…"

"Our current strategic deployment for ambushing scouts is already well-suited for countering whatever grand offensive the Agna Qel'a Resistance will attempt. We simply need to let one of their scout teams 'discover' our decoy base and they'll come charging blindly into our killzones."

"No..." Princess Yue squeezed her eyes tight at the thought of more of her people dying at our hands. A sentiment that was clearly not shared by the other people in the igloo as laughter rang out.

"Thank the Ocean Spirit! A real battle with these 'Northern Water Tribe' arctic rats!" The old barbarian chieftain breathed in delight before grinning at Suki. "And thank you, Kyoshi Warriors, for sparing the Southern Water Tribe chiefling that's going to make this slaughter all possible."

"We're here to stall them, not kill them all." I reminded him, "Even if you were to call upon the other barbarian clans, 15,000 militia is too large for us to effectively take on, Essin. Also, stop antagonising my honour guard."

"It's alright, Khan." Suki said as she stood up, red hair swaying as she shook her head clear. "It was my fault for being too emotional. We wouldn't even be in this situation if I had just cut Sokka's tongue instead."

The other five Kyoshi Warriors stood up as well, painted faces frowning as they agreed with their leader.

"Yeah, it's Sokka's fault. He really should have just stayed out of this while he had a chance."

"He squandered the mercy Suki gave him."

"And now, his big mouth is getting himself and everyone else into trouble..."

"You mean extending this war and potentially doomed us and Agna Qel'a in one stroke?"​

"I won't make that mistake again," Suki promised as if to herself before looking up- a determined gleam in her ocean blue eyes, "I won't let him do any more harm. I'll kill him outright the next opening I get."

"That's my girl," I patted the top of her head, and the redhead leaned into my touch.

"I want one too!"

"Me too!"​

My hand transferred from one eager Kyoshi Warrior to the next as I continued, "Well it's better that our enemies think that the 41st Division is all there is to the 'Big secret Fire Nation attack' rather than suspecting that a Fire Nation fleet is coming. Not that it'll help them- it's clear that as long as they have some hope of victory, no matter how faint, they'll keep fighting even if it means running straight into extinction. Chieftain Arnook proved that, only surrendering after his city was devastated and Essin administered a beating to him."

"You mean my grandson's beating." corrected Essin, proudly patting the shoulder of his grandson, who squared his shoulders and puffed his little chest out proudly in his blue parka.

"Yes, good job beating that surrender out of him, Eswar."

For being so nonchalant about hurting her father...

[Princess Yue] Reputation: 38 -> 30

[Princess Yue] Obedience: 65 -> 60​

"Commander, sir, forgive the interruption." An armoured hand swept the fur door aside to let the sergeant's feathered helmet peek inside. "But an enemy scout team is about to leave our surveillance perimeter. 2nd Squad is requesting confirmation that we're letting them pass."

"Ah, we got distracted." I hummed, glancing out the peephole to see the blue silhouettes scout team on their buffalo-yaks trekking unmolested across the white expanse of the snow-covered valley, "Sergeant, relay to 2nd Squad that Essin will be leading them on the intercept mission. Immediate mobilisation. But make sure they 'discover' our bait base. "

"Sir!"

My skull-faced helm turned towards the aged barbarian leader. "This scout team from Agna Qel'a is all yours."

"Finally!" He grinned toothlessly before turning his wrinkled face to look at me for approval. "So we let 'em see all those Hot Lander flags waving on that empty mountain... then we get to kill half of 'em, Khan?"

My skull helm levelled an eager stare at him, "How many men does it take to deliver a message back to Agna Qel'a?"

"One." He answered with an too-eager toothless grin, and glanced over to his grandson, "Grab those Hot-Lander forged spears, boy! I just know this team's going to put up a fight- I can feel it in my bones. Let's go!"

"Nn!" The little six-year-old went scampering off in excitement as Essin followed closely behind- leaving me with just the Kyoshi Warriors and Princess Yue. The snowy-haired princess in particular was looking more and more dismayed as the violence continued to escalate.

"We really should just tell them..." Princess Yue murmured in the silence.

That's enough, Princess." Patience for the incessant pleas to spare her people was rapidly depleting. I rounded on her. "If you're so confident in your people's wisdom, look me in the eye and tell me you're certain they'd surrender if they knew what was sailing across the seas towards them now."

Her mouth opened and closed- clearly trying to form the lie that would save her people, but failing miserably- she just wasn't that kind of person capable of deceit. Blue eyes looked away, "I... I can't be sure. But please, we are a peaceful people, Commander. The Northern Water Tribe don't deserve this. They've done no wrong and too many have already died... please just spare them. Please, you have to send that letter to the admiral of the Armada. Please."

"Go sit in my quarters until I know what to do with you," I said with an exasperated sigh. "Suki and I will be discussing if there is even a way to save your people."

Blue eyes blinked, and a relieved smile stretched across the smooth brown of her face as she bowed, "I- that's all I ask, Honorable Commander Khan! Thank you!"

For considering her pleas and not giving up on the Water Tribe...

[Princess Yue] Reputation: 30 -> 55

[Princess Yue] Obedience: 60 -> 70​

She bowed again before leaving the command igloo, purple parka-dress swaying as she headed just down the bunker's hall to my abode.

Suki's smug voice promptly filled the silence. "I bet you're now liking her more when she was in her furkini. She was a lot meeker and quieter while half-naked."

"I dislike how you're right." I grumbled.

"Glad that you agree."

"Yes, yes." I replied in a noncommittal tone. There were bigger things to worry about than Suki being right about lingerie- like preparing for an extensive guerrilla warfare campaign against an army that outnumbers the 41st Division, possibly ten-to-one. The logistical lines required, the complex orders that needed to be disseminated, the hidden caches of Mountain Dew and Red Bull to keep everyone functioning and of course, the report to Zhao. The last one being the most important of them all.

"Now if you'll excuse me, I have to revise my situation report for Admiral Zhao and mention that the Water Tribe Capital will have far less soldiers defending it against his amphibious assault… Because they're all going to be looking to fight us instead. So, at least one of us will be benefiting from this development."

Suki smiled sheepishly, "Silver linings, am I right?"

"Yes, but as much as I like net positives, I'd prefer not to be the one shouldering the costs. I'll need to properly convey in my report just how urgently we need his Armada here. We can only hope there won't be any delays or complications on their end- I don't fancy us continuing on to be the first Firebender barbarian tribe."

"You'd be an amazing barbarian chief! Chief Essin might even adopt you." Suki said. And the other Kyoshi Warriors nodded knowingly.

"War paint and furkinis? We can definitely pull off the look."

"We'd make good barbarian girls."

"The best!"

"Especially the Lieutenant with how much muscle she's got."

"Oh, we definitely have to get her in a furkini now!"​

Then Suki's painted face turned serious, "Khan, you've given up on trying to get the 'Northern Water Tribe' to surrender, haven't you?"

"Yes," I answered, "Do you think they'd capitulate if they had been told of the Armada?"

Suki didn't answer right away, those deep blue eyes flicking their gaze over empty air as if mentally calculating how her targets would react. Easy to forget that she was a lot more intelligent than most people gave her credit for. "No," She finally said, "At this point, they'd keep fighting even if the Armada itself arrived. We can't exaggerate just how much the Agna Qel'a Resistance are rallying around Aang."

The Kyoshi Warriors added their two cents.

"Yeah, they were pretty enthusiastic about having him around."

"Would have given the folks back home on Kyoshi Island a run for their money, to be honest."

"Even talked about how they could never lose with him on their side."

"Still... it was pretty impressive that he lived getting hit by your meteor hammer."

"Stopping that metal ball with your arm sounds like a really bad time, though."​

My skull-faced helmet nodded. "And that is why we'll soon be shifting our focus from winning this campaign to winning this war. The Avatar. Has he already recovered from his injuries?"

The Kyoshi Warriors glanced among each other. "We don't know that for sure either," the redhead admitted, "Aang wasn't at their rally, which means that he was still recovering and still vulnerable. But we won't know for sure unless we check again."

"You're suggesting another infiltration."

"Not just an infiltration…" she paused, gathering her composure, then glanced back to her sisters who nodded. "We're saying that we should infiltrate the city again and..."

Reputation & Obedience check succeeded!

100/100 Reputation & Obedience Required with [Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors]

+ R +​

"… Kill the Avatar." Suki finished in a solemn tone.

I nodded and reached out, and with my hand patting her head gently, she melted under the contact.

"Easier said than done." My deep voice calmly pointed out, "We haven't the slightest clue where he's being held, how well-guarded the location is, or his current status. He could very well be fully recovered by now because of Waterbending healing. Moreover, Agna Qel'a had finished reinforcing the land approach into the city since you left: an ice-reinforced barbican now guards the path down into the city, and walls around the city edges are under construction with heavy guard. It will take a concerted effort from the entire 41st Division with all of our remaining supplies to get you in there, and if you're wrong, Suki... then it's all over: For you, for our prisoners and for Agna Qel'a."

"Then we need reliable intel." The redhead concluded with a nod.

"Preliminary interrogations of the apprehended Water Tribe scouts are underway." I said, "Ideally, we'd want to secure a Water Tribe woman- one of their healers- who will likely be privy to such medical information. However, Northern Water Tribe society doesn't permit their women in combat roles though, so we're not likely to encounter one in their reconnaissance units."

"... do you think they'll send a few out with the army they'll field?" Suki asked.

"Possibly." I confirmed tentatively, "We are venturing into uncharted territory here. According to Essin and the books we've obtained from the surprise attack, this marks the Northern Water Tribe's first large-scale ground campaign enacted in defence of their homeland in over a millennium. So, it's not a leap of logic if they'll attach a unit of healers to their army, but it's just as likely they won't."

"But at the end of the day, you only need one of their women, right?"

"Yes, that's right." I elected to ignore it. There were bigger things to worry about than Suki acquiring another girl to tease- like preparing for an extensive guerrilla warfare campaign against an army that outnumbers the 41st Division, possibly ten-to-one. The bait to lure them out, and the trap to grind them down to nothing.

"Don't worry, Khan." Kyoshi Warrior lips curled into a devious smile over their pale-painted faces, "We'll get you a Water Tribe peasant girl to 'interview.' Let's hope they send someone cute like the Princess."


(A day later)

"Messenger hawk from our forward recon unit, sir. Spotrep confirms the lone Agna Qel'a Resistance scout has returned safely to Agna Qel'a- his 'heroic' escape has been successfully orchestrated."

"Excellent. Now, no matter what they do, they're ours now."​


[Agna Qel'a Royal Palace]

A part of her could still scarcely believe it- that she was here.

Plain old Katara from the South Pole with her simple blue Southern Water Tribe parka and simple way of thinking, standing in the Royal Palace's War Room and in the greatest city of her people and taking a part in the greatest fight the North Pole had ever seen.

For the first time in untold centuries, the Northern and Southern Water Tribe once more united against a common enemy that threatened their way of life, just like one of those hero's tales. Agna Qel'a was going to wage war- not on the seas, and not on foreign lands, but on their own homeland. It was a historic moment for her people's history, maybe even their greatest moment, fighting a battle that wasn't like any other they had fought before: This wasn't going to be like the Earth Kingdom villages they had saved along the way, or the Northern Air Temple where they saved the Mechanist and his people.

No, this was about saving hers.

It was a flurry of activity in the War Room as they planned a response for the ongoing land war.

A large map of the entire North Pole was laid out. The wood table it rested on was still wafting with the scent of cedarwood even after hundreds of years since it was gifted to the Northern Water Tribe by an ancient Earth King. On one side of the table, wise elders with their tall hats bearing whalebone charms stood conversing with one another over the state of the city. On the other side, representatives from the largest Northern Water Tribes with their fierce warpaints were discussing troop and equipment numbers for the muster. Sokka leaned on his whalebone crutches between them both, mediating the discussion after he had demonstrated his grasp in war tactics or whatever they called it. Katara felt proud of her brother... from her place in the background, waiting for when her input was going to be needed.

In the meantime, she occupied herself admiring the decor around the spacious room. Trophies of what were apparently successful hunts lined the walls: massive antlers from massive snow leopard caribous, the white pelt of a massive polar bear dog, stuffed heads of fearsome alpha arctic wolves still snarling and a dozen other arctic fauna.

"It is good to see you were able to make it, Pupil Katara." Master Pakku asked as his slim frame in royal blue parka stood next to her, "How is Pupil Aang if you don't mind me asking?"

"It was... I've never seen an arm that broken heal that fast. Master Yagoda is really something." She smiled at him, "So, about two to three weeks. And he'll make a full recovery."

"That is reassuring to hear." Master Pakku smiled before glancing at the trophies as well, "I see that Northern Water Tribe Military history has caught your eye, Pupil Katara."

"Military?" She glanced at him, "So, these aren't just hunting trophies?"

"Oh, definitely," the elderly waterbending master told her, "These were all great beasts that once plagued the people of the Northern Water Tribe, some of them for months. The head chieftains fought and slain each one of them personally. Relics of our tribes' great achievements preserved to inspire the later generations..."

He smiled proudly.

"... And after that Fire Nation division surrenders to us, I'm sure we'll make some space to add the Giant's helmet to the collection. That skull helmet will look nice resting on a pedestal of ice. Wouldn't you agree, Pupil Katara?"

Just the reminder of that Fire Nation commander made her ribs ache to be honest. He was the face of it all in her mind: Yue's kidnapping, Sokka's leg, Aang's arm, and a million other wrongs over the course of the war. "Defeating him and taking that helmet as a trophy..." Katara whispered, "It seems like the only right thing to do at this point. I think it'll be a good lesson for the later generations of the Water Tribe- that a single rabid animal or Fire Nation Division- no matter how infamous or scary they seem- can never stand up against us when the Water Tribes work together."

"Well said," He nodded his bald head, hands clasped behind his back, "The Fire Nation may have snuck a cowardly blow against us, but this 'Round two' that people could only end with an overwhelming Water Tribe victory."

The fur door swept open as a loud voice brashly proclaimed, "Head Chieftain Hahn has entered the scene!"

They all glanced at the source of the voice, and Katara felt the corners of her mouth tug into a frown.

This 'Head Chieftain Hahn' guy swaggered in with his caped blue parka. He wasn't tall or muscular like the other Water Tribe men. In fact, he reminded Katara of her brother... on his worst days. Water Tribe blue eyes, shoulder-length black hair, and a cocky smirk that seemed permanently stuck to his face. He was... fairly handsome in Katara's opinion. At least, he would have been if he wasn't such a peacock-pigeon basking in his own radiance.

"Alright! Time to get this show on the road!" He announced with a laugh as he glanced at the gathered table.

They were going to save the chieftains from the Fire Nation, but Katara had to admit- she wished that they had kept this one to themselves. "I hate how he's acting like he was the boss of us," Katara grumbled to her waterbending master.

"That is irrelevant now, Katara," Master Pakku said with a sigh, "By the ways of the Water Tribe, the son of the Chieftain is to take leadership of the tribe when his father was out on the hunt, sailing to a far off place, or simply too weak or too sick to lift his spear. Being kidnapped by the Fire Nation counts as one of those, Hahn must hold the title of Head Chieftain, at least until Arnook is rescued. You have already upset the ways of our Tribe once and extracted an exception. Don't try your luck again so soon afterwards by voicing your dissent. Understood, Katara?"

"Okay, but I don't like it." Katara also said with a sigh.

Because no matter how he looked or acted, Hahn was still apparently the most important person in the room right now- being the fiance of Princess Yue and the only free direct heir of a prominent Water Tribe. Before things turned ugly, the Fire Nation envoy said that they were releasing him as a gesture of sincerity and good will. After the Fire Nation demanded their surrender and even forced Princess Yue to present it herself, Hahn was a pretty bad consolation prize.

"Well, people?!" Hahn with his excited grin addressed the gathered elders and tribal representatives, "Have the scouts found them yet? I'm gonna make those Fire Nation idiots regret kidnapping me!"

One of the wise wrinkle-faced elders spoke up, "Young Hahn, we-"

"It's Head Chieftain Hahn." he corrected with a glare.

The elder bowed an apology, "Head Chieftain Hahn, we have only finished sending our dead back to the ocean, treating the wounded and other matters for our tribes... Moreover, none of our scout teams have returned. We simply need more time."

"Then move faster! And send out more scouts!" Hahn barked out, "We are at war, people! The sooner we can ride over to those Fire Nation turtle-seals' base, the sooner we can win this battle for the North Pole! By Tui's fin, there's only like a thousand of them in a division, right?"

"Yes, Head Chieftain..." the elder bowed his head, "A Fire Nation division is around a thousand soldiers but the number can fluctuate to suit the Fire Nation High Command's needs. This one in particular are elite siege specialists and also a mounted unit from what we know... which would explain their effectiveness and the scale of the damage they've managed to cause in our city with seemingly so few numbers."

"Alright! We outnumber them more than ten-to-one at least! This is gonna be an easy win! As soon as we can find them- why is no one sending out more scouts?!"

There was a chilly breeze as the elders rushed with surprising speed past Katara to rally more scouts.

... She was starting to suspect the Fire Nation intentionally picked the most annoying and stupid chieftain heir to release. That kind of overconfidence- maybe even arrogance- was dangerous. There was believing that you can win a fight, and then there was believing that your opponents weren't a challenge at all. It was clear which of those two Hahn thought. And if it was any other Fire Nation division, Katara would have sided with him 100%! But they weren't and Hahn wouldn't know the difference. He wasn't there when they fought the Giant, not like she did.

Sokka would definitely shoot this suggestion down, and true to her knowledge of her brother, he did.

"Hey, you should take our enemy more seriously!" Sokka hobbled forward, "Didn't you hear? We're up against the Fire Nation's 41st Division- the Fire Lord's own elite division! They're the ones who conquered Omashu, and a whole lot of Earth Kingdom forts. So, don't talk like they're your run-of-the-mill Fire Nation soldiers!"

Hahn just glanced with a raised disinterested eyebrow at him, "... And who are you? One of the other tribe's replacement chiefs?"

Katara watched as said replacements standing behind Sokka tense their jaws and fists at being brushed off like that. Meanwhile, her brother stood up straighter- chest out, shoulders back and looking Hahn in the eye.

"I'm Sokka of the Southern Water Tribe."

"Well, Sohka, didn't you hear?" Hahn shot back, "There's only a thousand of them compared to the tens of thousands of us! They're Firebenders! In the North Pole! I'm telling you now- this'll be the easiest victory in Water Tribe history!"

"No, it's not!" Sokka shouted, "And if we mess this up, Princess Yue's and the Chieftains' lives might be at risk!"

"Princess Yue and all of the chieftains signed that document. You know who didn't? Me!" Hahn jabbed a thumb to his chest, "I was the only one who didn't sign our surrender- they didn't even try! This isn't about rescuing them anymore, this is about making the Fire Nation pay."

Katara watched Sokka lean back, shocked as if spat at, right before swinging back close and jabbed a finger on Hahn's chest, "How can you say that about Princess Yue?! Your fiance?! The Northern Water Tribe would be dumb to let you lead them-"

"Enough!" Master Pakku's voice echoed throughout the room. He placed himself between the two boys and his narrowed blue eyes aimed a wrinkled but very serious look at Hahn, "Head Chieftain Hahn, please refrain from hurling yourself beyond the limits of your authority like some snow rat punted out the window. Not even the head chieftain has the power to declare all other Water Tribe chieftains as traitors- something you would know if you had paid more attention in your tutors' lectures from what I've heard. You are now head of our tribes. Act like it."

Katara watched as Hahn looked away, saying nothing.

Master Pakku turned towards her brother with a serious look as well, "And Sokka, don't overstep your position. As much as we value you and Pupil Katara as respected members of our sister tribe and travelling companions of the Avatar himself, the Northern Water Tribe must have one of their own leading them in this trying time." The older man's eyes softened as he glanced at Sokka's bandaged thigh and crutches. "... We must prove- to the world and to ourselves- that even when dealt a serious blow we can stand on our own two feet."

"... I understand," Her brother nodded before bowing towards Hahn, "I'm sorry, Head Chieftain Hahn. I only want to rescue the Princess, the chiefs and defeat the Fire Nation too."

"No sweat, Sokha," Hahn smiled, apparently friendlier now that Sokka attached his title, "We're all Water Tribe warriors here, and we're going to do what Water Tribe warriors do: We're going to charge the Fire Nation on our own soil, and we're going to win."

Sokka reached out and shook. "I guess that's something I can always get behind."

"I know, right?" Hahn laughed, "Maybe Southern Water Tribe folks like you really aren't all too bad after all..."

Normally, Katara wasn't going to give him a point for that backhanded compliment, but she'll take what she can get. "Master Pakku..." Katara called his attention, drawing her teacher's eyes, "Do you really think we'll find them that quickly? Don't get me wrong, I'm sure we'd win, just didn't think it'd be that fast."

"Oh relax, Katara." Sokka smiled, hobbling over to her with his whalebone crutches and slapping a hand onto her shoulder. "It's not like those firebenders can hide in the snow. And knowing the Fire Nation, we won't need to look hard for them either! I bet their base is gonna be some mountain that they covered in metal and Fire Nation flags!"

Suddenly, the doors burst open, a gust of frigid air heralding the arrival of a lone figure. All eyes turned to the scout who staggered into the war room, his blue fur parka singed black in some place, strands of his black hair sticking to his boyish face. It was Sangok, Katara recognised, one of the Waterbending classmates that she had trained with under Master Pakku. She didn't even know that he had been part of the scout teams!

"Master Pakku!" Sangok's voice was a gasp, his panting breath visible in the cold air. "We were ambushed... the Fire Nation... we found their base!"

Gasps and murmurs rippled through the gathered council, but Pakku raised a hand, silencing them. "Catch your breath, Pupil Sangok. Then tell us everything," he commanded, his voice steady, but Katara could see his eyes betray just a flicker of concern.

Sangok took a deep breath, steadying himself. "We were scouting Nanuq's Valley when they struck. Fire Nation on those Ostrich-horses! We fought back, but... my team... I'm the only one who escaped."

His words hung heavy in the air, and Katara was reminded that they were dealing with the same force that had ravaged the city once already.

Hahn stepped up with his cape, chest all puffed as he demanded, "Well, you mentioned that you found their base?"

Sangok gulped a bit more air, then continued, "I caught a glimpse of it: an entire mountain fortress flying red flags, hard to miss against the white snow! It's on Nanuq's Peak at the end of the valley."

The room fell into a tense silence as the council members absorbed this dire news. Stony faced glowers peppered with mutterings of how the Fire Nation encroached on sacred lands and so unchallenged too.

"Hah! What'd I tell ya!" Sokka cheered, "Typical Fire Nation, not even bothering to hide!"

"Yes, brazen of them, just a day or two's trek on foot- practically right on our doorstep!" Master Pakku said insulted, right before glancing at the tribal representatives, "Double the pace of the muster. The Fire Nation position is fortified, but not invulnerable- if we act now, we can catch them before they entrench themselves further! Have the current volunteers meet me in the courtyard immediately!"

"For the Moon and the Ocean Spirits!" Their mittened hands pumped the chests of their blue parkas before filing out of the room.

Master Pakku nodded at the scout, "Pupil Sangok, you have done well. Rest now, and prepare to lead us to their lair."

"Yes, for the Moon Spirit!"

"Alright!" Head Chieftain Hahn clapped his hands, "We found the Fire Nation! Let's make this attack happen, people!" He announced and with an easygoing smile, he added- already halfway out the door with his ridiculous cape. "Send for me when the men are ready!"

"Wait, where're you going?!" Sokka called out to his back. "We just found out where they are and there's still a lotta work to do before we can attack!"

Hahn glanced over his shoulder, chuckling as if Sokka had made a joke, "As Head Chieftain, I have a lot of Head Chieftainly duties and preparations to attend to. I'll leave the boring stuff to you all, and I'll do the real hard work by personally leading you all to a glorious victory over the Fire Nation!"

Master Pakku stepped forward. "Naturally, Head Chieftain Hahn, but… a word?"

"Uh... sure? What's this about?"

"Do you intend to lead the assault yourself, Head Chieftain?"

"Oh, yeah! Of course, I will!" Hahn laughed, "With you as my acting First Wave, Master Pakku, we're going to knock some Fire Nation heads!"

"I cannot." Master Pakku flatly refused, "Someone has to stay here since you have unceremoniously offloaded all your other duties in ensuring the continued function of Agna Qel'a as our capital city. Which is precisely what I would strongly recommend too. Hahn, you must stay here while-"

"No way!" They all watched Hahn immediately cross his arms. "No way am I going to be stuck here managing the boring stuff. That's what you elders and tribal representatives are for! And double no way am I'd ever miss out on fighting the biggest battle the city has seen in forever! I mean, do you want us to lose?! The army will be lost without their Head Chieftain! That's my decision and it's final!"

"I see... I was afraid you'd say that." Master Pakku sighed, "If you must then… Take Katara as your First Wave."

"What?" Katara coughed. "First Wave"... It was a Northern Water Tribe tradition- the wisest and most capable Waterbender in a Water Tribe who acted as a chieftain's second in command. Master Pakku was the First Wave of Chieftain Arnook for decades which made him very influential and naturally very wise. The Southern Water Tribe didn't have such strictly defined titles and positions, but still, Katara didn't feel like she was up to that level.

"Wha- First Wave? But she's a girl!" Hahn squawked in disbelief, "AND Southern Water Tribe!"

... Nevermind, she'd take the job if only to prove him wrong. Her mouth was already open and moments from shouting some choice words for the new 'Head Chieftain' when her waterbending master's thin frame stepped in front of her- breaking line of sight with the Head Jerkoff.

"Hahn." An unimpressed Master Pakku said, "Katara is the brightest and most diligent student I have trained in decades. She is also a student of Master Yagoda. Both those things taken together mean that you will not find a more gifted and driven Waterbender in Agna Qel'a who is both capable in combat and waterbending healing. If all those were not enough, she is also the closest thing we have to a representative for all the Waterbenders of the South Pole. Now, I know this must be difficult to understand for someone with roughly the same intelligence as an arctic hen; but- whether you like it or not- she is now to you as I am to Chieftain Arnook, and that means showing her the appropriate amount of respect that recognition entails. So, I would appreciate it if you do not make light of my word as the Head Chieftain Arnook's First Wave."

Hahn, to his credit, recognised that Master Pakku was being dead serious- blue eyes wide open and his eyebrows raised in surprise as he looked at her, "Woah, you must really be that good for Master Pakku to talk you up like that."

He bowed to her, very politely too.

Katara returned the gesture, feeling more than a little good about it. "Trust me, I'm just as surprised as you are." She smirked, sparing a glance at her waterbending master.

"Don't get used to it, little girl." Master Pakku brushed off, but the slight tug on the corner of his mouth told her that he meant what he said. "And remember, that fancy title comes with a great responsibility. And that responsibility is to keep the chieftain safe, both from forces that would do him harm... and his own poor judgement."

The last part was a whisper, just for her. Katara smiled, "I won't fail in my assigned duty, Master Pakku."

"I have no doubt that you'll make us proud at the frontlines, First Wave Katara." The older man said with a small smile.

"Wait, what do you mean 'frontlines'?!" She squawked. "You want me to go out there into the polar wastes?!"

"Yes," Master Pakku nodded, "Accompanying the Head Chieftain into battle is one of your duties as First Wave. Is there a problem?"

Katara was no coward, but her recently-healed ribs still had a phantom ache just from the prospect of fighting Khan again. It cost how many waterbenders their lives just to stall him enough for Master Pakku to arrive with backup. And now, she's being expected to face down that metal giant by herself? Against that brutal conqueror and his brutal division that burned, pillaged and enslaved a burning swathe across the Earth Kingdom? Without her brother, without Aang?

"O-of course there's a problem!" Cold sweat dripped down the back of her neck under her parka, "My place is here- tending to Aang!"

Master Pakku arched a grey eyebrow, "We have already spoke of Master Yagoda already having Pupil Aang in her care, so- Ah, I see what this is about." His eyes softened, not taking his eyes off her as he said as an aside, "Head Chieftain? Will you excuse us for a moment?"

"Whut? Yeah, sure sure."

Her waterbending master led her to the side, "I thought about what you said, Katara, and I think you're right." He said in an earnest tone, "Women can step up to the same responsibilities as men. Perhaps, they've always been. There is no 'your place', not anymore. I will not constrain you or your sisters to simply being healers."

"So, you're sending us out to fight those monsters?"

"Traditionally," Master Pakku began, "when Northern Water Tribe made Incursion out of Agna Q'ela, it usually meant that we sent a hospital-clipper with our best healers to tend to the injured nearer to the battlefront. But you've shown me that waterbending women can be just as effective in the Ways of offensive waterbending- as brave and strong of warriors as any man. So, in addition to being First Wave, you will be overseeing the company of Master Yagoda's pupils who will be accompanying the army. I've done my best to train whoever was willing in the past month; but I suppose it is only fitting that my first female student should finish their training. Agna Q'ela… No, the fate of the entire Northern Water Tribe requires every pair of hands to give back in whichever way they can. And you are the only ones who can heal and fight. We won't deny you your part in it- this is as much your War as it is ours. "

Katara didn't know what to say to that. Yes, she fought Master Pakku to a standstill to prove that girls could be just as strong. And she was. She was his best student- he said so himself! She kicked all the boys' butts in their waterbending spars, but… this was different somehow.

"War…" Katara whispered.

She had been eight-years-old when she lost her mother. But even in the years before that… 'War' was a word for something terrible that was far away. Something that her dad, the Chieftain, sent men to so that it'll keep being far away, so that she and her mother could be safe…

… But it didn't. So, it just goes to show just what he and his 'traditions' knew!

Master Pakku levelled whiskered smile of reassurance at her. "The best I can do now is to ensure that the men that you and your sisters will be marching with are mustered, armed and inspected."

That's right… The Fire Nation was weak. They had them outnumbered and on the run- giant or no giant. What was she so worried about? She'll pay him back for what he did to her brother and to Aang. She'll stop his evil in his tracks by herself!

"I… we won't let you down." She nodded, saluting like she had seen the men do. She won't back down. She'd fought so hard to prove it to Master Pakku. She'll prove it to everyone else. They'll prove it.

"I know you won't." Master Pakku gave her one last pat on the shoulder, "I've already sent out a muster for the company. They'll be expecting you. May the Moon and Ocean Spirits watch over you out there."

He brushed past her just as Hahn clapped his mittened hands, the dark-haired boy grinning an eager smile.

"Alright! I didn't expect to find a brand new First Wave so quick, but them's the perks of being Head Chieftain, I guess. Sweet!" He paused, looked her up and down, then wrinkled his nose, "Before we go do official things, though, let's go visit my tailor. We can't have my First Wave walking around like that."

"Like what?" Katara crossed her arms over her blue furs, "What's wrong with the clothes that I'm wearing?!"

"Kaya, Kaya, Kaya..." Hahn shook his head like a disappointed teacher. "You can't be the Head Chieftain's First Wave wearing plain furs. Haven't you noticed that even Master Pakku wears the good stuff? You have to understand that the First Wave's... appearance reflects on the Head Chieftain too! We need you in the finest furs that the Northern Water Tribe can make!"

"It's Katara. And no way-" She paused, and almost kicked herself when she caught herself about to decline being gifted expensive new clothes, "-am I going to turn that offer down! If expensive clothing is important, I guess I'll have no choice as First Wave! Let's get that new wardrobe!"

"That's the spirit, Kayata!"

Just as they were about to walk out the door, Sokka's voice called out to them, "Hey, take care, okay?" he waved a whalebone crutch in the air, "If it gets too challenging hanging out with that pushy polar-bear-dog, I'll be right here to back you up."

"Thanks, Sokka, but I'll be fine!" she smiled back to him. "I can take care of myself!"

"I was talking to Head Chief over there! Take care, man, she's a biter!"

"Ha ha, very funny, Sokka!"

Katara followed Hahn all the way out of the Palace. The sun still warming the city of Agna Qel'a that was still in the middle of rebuilding as they walked the streets to wherever Hahn's tailor was. "Hey, uh, Head Chieftain Hahn?" She turned to him. "Can we talk about what the plan is to defeat the Fire Nation? I only caught the tail end of it."

"No sweat." Hahn smiled at her, even his lax smile felt cocky to her, "You didn't miss much to be honest. We just put out a muster for volunteers. It'll be tough digging up the weapons to arm them all, but everyone should have some ceremonial family weapons they can use. And like you've heard back there, I've been pushing for everyone to act fast so that we can attack in a week- five days if we really push it. By then, we'd probably have around ten thousand warriors armed and ready to kick the Fire Nation off our land! So, yeah, that's about it!"

"Wait, ten thousand soldiers in five days?!"

Past his fringe of black hair, Hahn gave her a confused glance. "Why do you sound so surprised? They attacked our home. Of course, we're going to attack with as many as we can, as fast as we can!"

"No, I understand that part. The scale and numbers are just mind-boggling." She admitted quietly.

"I guess it is..." He said with a smirk that made her want to dunk his face in ice water, "... for someone from the Southern Water Tribe."

"Don't push it, Head Chieftain."

"Just saying facts." he shrugged with a smug smile. "But anyway, with your waterbending chops and my amazing leadership skills, we're going to have that Fire Nation officer, Commander Gan, on his hands and knees, begging for forgiveness! The Fire Nation can run, but they can't hide. Not in the North Pole- not in our lands. Once the scouts find the Fire Nation nest, the Water Tribe will finally be taking the fight to the Fire Nation. I'll smash aside the cowardly Fire Nation who attacked during the night and rescue everyone! Oh, here comes some of our militia now!"

Katara followed the direction of his pointed mittened finger and found them.

They were hard to miss. A squad of big, muscular men in thick water tribe blue parkas came marching in close packs down the icy streets, the soles of their thick fur boots stomping out a cadence on the snow and ice. Their whalebone bows and spears tied securely to their packs, along with all the gear for the brutal arctic tundras. They were likely headed for the muster where Master Pakku was going to brief them.

"Impressed yet, Karata?" Hahn gave her a reassuring but still smug smirk, "Just imagine. You and me leading ten thousand of the Northern Water Tribe's best warriors, the healers to patch 'em up…. And a thousand Fire Nation soldiers being the only thing standing between me and the proudest victory the Northern Water Tribe will see in the entire war!"

"Ten against one in our favour, huh?" Katara murmured. The odds sounded better when it was said out loud, but she still had that bad feeling. Like that time when they were reassuring Aang at the outskirts of the city, that there was no Fire Nation coming for them only for them to attack the city at night. She tried to think about it more. But really, she couldn't imagine it. Couldn't imagine losing in a fight that's ten to one. But…

"I guess if Agna Qel'a could handle getting attacked, then the worst has already passed, right?"

Hahn slapped her back, "Yup, you can bet on the Moon Spirit that we'll be drinking to the Warm Landers' bones this time next week!"



[The Northern Sea]

"Grand Admiral Zhao, sir! We have an unscheduled arrival of a cruiser on intercept course for the Armada!" The admiral's flag aide saluted as she entered the war room, her voice echoed clearly off the reinforced metal walls despite her full helmet.

Zhao looked up from his map of the North Pole, a twinkle of interest in his amber eyes as he smiled, "Oh? May I assume that the good Admiral Chan has finally come to his senses and that this is the start of our reinforcements from the Eastern Fleet?"

"No, sir. It's an ancient Sozin-era cruiser." The flag aide reported, "The vanguard captain had relayed his suspicions that the cruiser may be captured matériel repurposed by the Earth Kingdom for an infiltration operation. He's asking for authorisation to sink them once they're in trebuchet range and-"

"No need," Zhao scoffed, already rolling his eyes. "Contact the rear battlegroup, have them make room at the very back of the fleet."

"Sir?"

"I believe that Prince Zuko have finally come begging for some scraps of honour," Zhao said with a cruel smile, "He'll most likely call for an audience to beg for a place in the assault. It will be amusing listening to him make his case."

"Shall I have them summoned to come aboard immediately, sir?"

"Fire, no!" Zhao scoffed, "A fresh assignment like you may not know this, Lieutenant, but our 'beloved' Prince Zuko has grown jealous of my accomplishments during his exile, and he has no doubt come to steal my glory like some opportunistic lion-vulture. Inform Zuko that I'll call him up 'soon'; so clear a block in my schedule tomorrow for him and General Iroh. A little waiting would be good for him."

"Duly noted, sir." She saluted, "Should I send word to rear battlegroup to keep Prince Zuko from the supply chain?"

"An inspired idea, Lieutenant!" The Grand Admiral chuckled before his cruel smile grew wider, "Yes, relay to the captains of the rear battlegroup that Prince Zuko is to be treated with the respect and hospitality that he deserves: His ship is to receive no supplies or assistance from the rest of the fleet until I deem it so. Maybe that will temper his rampant entitlement by the time we talk."

"I'll forward the messenger hawks right away, sir."

"Yes, yes." Zhao murmured, "Now where's my seal…"

"It's over here, Admiral." She pointed to a desk.

"Right. And while you're at the comms aviary, Lieutenant," Zhao said, already turning his attention back to his map, "Remind the officer-in-charge to notify me the moment we receive the next update about the groundside situation from the 41st Division, and stress that it is very sensitive information."

"Yes, sir! Commander Khan's report will be for your eyes only. I'll see to it personally." Azula saluted.


- Repercussions End -​


~ Chapter 26: Yue Interlude - The Return of the Furkini ~

Coming Soon for Public Release!

~In which… Princess Yue willingly reprises her role as Khan's Designated AMB (Arctic Mocha Bunny) as her desperation mounts; thankfully, the Kyoshi Warriors are there to help their honorary member out with the help of their favourite book. And she learns exactly what she had so proudly announced to the entire city of Agna Qel'a. ~​

AN:

This chapter occurs between the episodes... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 18 - The Waterbending Master) and (ATLA Book 1, Episode 19 - The Siege of the North).

I continue to live, so I'm here to make my rampant shitposting everyone's problem. :sneaky:

This chapter is unabashedly filler... I got feedback that the Kyoshi Warriors were getting away with too much stuff, there was simply no space for that kind of chastisement in the chapters to follow. So, for the readers who were looking for just that. Here you go.

The Katara section. Trust me on this… I know, I know. We've seen enough of the Water Tribe being defiant, but let's give Katara this screentime. And before you shoot me, just know that Katara canonically has Daddy issues. Not an entire subscription like Zuko and Azula and Toph do, but several issues at least. Lel. This Katara is just a mix of ATLA Season 3 'I just called you 'dad', didn't I ?!' Katara and ATLA Season 1 'I'm not doing this for you, Aang. I'm doing this for me!' Katara. She is Sokka's sister after all. And it'll all only make the scene shown in Chapter 28 even more appreciable.
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:kittens, SamuelAtomizer, Ghjikl and 1,543 others
Infonticus
Aug 4, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 26 - Yue Interlude - The Return of the Furkini
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Aug 4, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,570
Chapter 26 - Yue Interlude - The Return of the Furkini

In which… Princess Yue willingly reprises her role as Khan's Designated AMB (Arctic Mocha Bunny) as her desperation mounts; thankfully, the Kyoshi Warriors are there to help their honorary member out with the help of their favourite book. And Yue learns exactly what she had so proudly announced to the entire city of Agna Qel'a.


[Forward Command Igloo]

Princess Yue could swear her hair was turning even more snow white by the second.

Her fingers absentmindedly fidgeting with the sleeves of her purple parka-robe as she paced, her slippers scuffing softly on the sheet metal of the metal-clad Fire Nation bunker, and her desperation… growing every time she shuffled to one metal wall, turned around and paced for the opposite wall. Metal, probably forged in the Fire Islands too. Everything here just reminded her that she was still a captive of the Fire Nation Giant- of Commander Khan: Oil lamps lit up the dark walls with a warm orange glow, and although the stacks of books that once dominated the room were now stowed away elsewhere, the musty smell remained for the most part. And yet…

Ironically, there was nowhere else she'd rather be at the moment. Not if she wanted to do her duty as a princess, which was what she was racking her brain for. Saving her city, her people, their way of life.

"Surely," Yue murmured, practically prayed, "there has to be something else I can say? Something else I can do?"

"Have you considered sucking cock?"​

Yue turned around to level a questioning look at the source of the suggestion- Suki, her captor and possibly her greatest ally in all of this. The red-headed Kyoshi Warrior was in the centre of a huddle with the five other Kyoshi Warriors. Painted faces on a heap of green kimonos as they kept together for heat and peered over Suki's shoulder to read a book together. A big polar bear's white fur pelt acted as their blanket.

"Sucking what?" Yue asked, "Will it work to convince the commander?"

The other Kyoshi Warriors just sent annoyed glances at their leader.

"... Really, Suki? Really?"

"What? It was a serious suggestion!"

"Yeah, Suki, her people are about to be turned into flaming pancakes soon and you're telling her to suck cock?"

"Tact, you two! By Kyoshi, why are my sisters with such socially inept cavewomen?"

"Well, it's not our fault that those people at Agna Qel'a don't know when to give up!"

"But just because it's true doesn't you all can be jerks about it- Hey, why're you pushing me out of the blanket?! You know I'm right!"​

"No, I won't stand by and let it happen." Yue spoke up with a determined nod at the wrestling girls. She was open to any ideas. Desperate for them, really. "If there is a way, then I'm willing to see it through."

The Kyoshi Warriors stopped rough-housing to stare at her, eyebrows arched with disbelief on their white-painted faces.

"Princess," Suki said, her rose red lips parting to let out a sigh, "We've already tried everything- talked to everyone who might have listened. Even Khan himself has said no. A completely peaceful solution just isn't happening, no matter how much we want it to. Between the killzones that Khan had set up across the tundras and the opening salvos of the Armada that's coming in a few days, a lot of people from Agna Qel'a are definitely not going to make it. All I'm saying is that it's better for you to make peace with it now, than when it's actually happening."

"I won't and can't accept that." Yue said firmly, "Now tell me about that thing you mentioned. Is it another one of those obscure Fire Nation etiquette like the ash-banana ritual?"

Several amused snorts cut through the chilly air as the Kyoshi Warriors sent glances at each other.

"Should we tell her?"

"Yeah, I think we should- Suki kind of blew it wide open."

"...it'd be kinda mean now if we keep going."

"Yeah, but it's so cute that she doesn't know!"​

Yue's brows furrowed, "What don't I know?"

"See?! Why ruin that kind of innocence early?"

"It'll be worth it to see her face later!"​

"Girls! I really think the joke has gone on long enough."

"Suki, please, will you tell me you're talking about?" Yue pleaded.

"It's easier to show it!" the red-head reassured with a wide grin that was certainly not reassuring to Yue. Suki gave her sisters a pat on the back. "Girls, make some room. The princess is going to join our reading session. So, just for the next few hours, Yue is an Honorary Kyoshi Warrior!"

The mass of Kyoshi Warriors scooted over until there was just a small, toasty space in the centre of all those green kimonos- just large enough for Yue to sit snugly in. And despite everything, there was a brief flutter in her stomach. She heard that princesses from other nations often had handmaidens or an entire court dedicated to them. The Northern Water Tribe didn't have such formally drawn circles of relationships for their princesses. Or, in more candid terms, she didn't have a large circle of friends, any friends for that matter, back in Agna Qel'a. It was sad that the closest she had to one was her kidnappers. And yet, just the thought of belonging to a secretive group was... thrilling to her.

Yue giddily sat down in the centre of them all, warmer on all sides now. "What are you reading anyw- Oh!" Her blue eyes laid their gaze on the opened book, and she immediately gasped. Stretching over an entire page was an explicit illustration of a Fire Nation man and Earth Kingdom noblewoman in a sensual embrace. This wasn't off to a great start.

"Yep!" Suki grinned, "It's time for you to be taught about the Birds and the Scorpion-bees. With illustrations!"

"I already know what that is!" Yue protested.

"Ah, but not the finer details of it, right?" The red-head said with a sly smirk, "Otherwise, you wouldn't be so obviously clueless."

Yue glanced away at being caught. "I'm not clueless! Well, not mostly at least. I was told that my husband-to-be would be the one to inform me of those details- as is proper. Where did you even get a book such as this?"

"Oh, this is an old book we're familiar with!"

"Intimately familiar with, you could say."

"We sort of 'lost' our copy back in Kyoshi Island, and we didn't think we'd ever run across another one."

"But apparently this was a hot commodity among the nobility."

"Both Earth Kingdom and Fire Nation nobilities too. We must have come across three dozen copies in their libraries by now!"​

"And... it came with illustrations?" said Yue, unable to keep her blue eyes from sneaking peeks at the beautifully-drawn but immensely lurid displays of barely clothed flesh pressing together.

"That's a recent addition." Suki smiled, holding the book open to Yue, much to her embarrassment, "We asked Khan to draw them on the march here!"

Now, that piece of information managed to get Yue to tear her gaze away. "Prince Khan drew this?"

"Yep!" Suki chirped, "Likes to draw a lot too- something about 'sketching is the quickest way to grind his [Artistic] skill while we're on the march.' Most of what he draws isn't as... interesting as this though. Mostly portraits and diagrams of Fire Nation machines. So, you have no idea how much begging it took for him to draw these bad boys. Thankfully, any guy would jump at the chance at six girls saying 'We'll do anything!' and Khan wasn't any different. The extra spars and training sessions weren't what I had in mind. I mean, don't get me wrong. I enjoyed them a lot, but I also wouldn't have minded if he had just pushed us face down against the mattress and ravaged our holes."

Yue blushed harder at the shamelessly direct statement, but the other Kyoshi Warriors piled on.

"To be fair, he made it clear that he didn't like us trading sexual favours for anything."

"Yeah, it's kinda sweet of him if you think about it."

"It gives me butterflies knowing that he's possessive of me too."

"Well, I'm having a blast with extra spars and being the best swordswoman in Kyoshi Warrior history!"

"Luckiest swordswoman in Kyoshi Warrior history."​

"Pfft, no one likes a sore 2nd placer." Suki rolled her eyes, before smiling at Yue, "Anyway~ In the end, we managed to convince Khan to do some illustration for our favourite book. It turned out great, wouldn't you say so?"

With a flick of paper, she turned the page; and the 'action' portrayed advanced a moment in time. The Fire Nation man held the Earth Kingdom woman closer. Sweat across his chiselled torso, and the woman's green silken dress slid off her curvaceous silhouette as she was pinned to the mattress by the former. All of it shaded beautifully in the scene's small bedroom, playing with the candlelight- highlighting the contours of the two lovers' bodies grinding against each other. A little caption on the bottom displayed the woman's words: A captive Earth Kingdom noblewoman, wantonly begging for her captor to treat her gently. This was a bit too close to home.

"Yes... it's rather... artful." Yue gulped, lips suddenly dry. "... But I don't think I like where this story is heading."

"But it's just starting!"

They huddled together around her, preventing Yue's escape as they read through the next few pages of the book in Suki's hands. And with each flip of the page, the pair of characters depicted progressive stages of undress. The romantic acts depicted on the paper grew only more lascivious, and Yue felt the increasingly blush grow into a burning heat on her cheeks. Then another page flip and...

"Oh... Oh my goodness..." she gasped. "That noblewoman is sucking the man's... the man's..."

"Cock." finished Suki, and Yue could only dumbly echo the word.

"Cock?"

"And so, she is enlightened." the redhead nodded sagely.

"But why? That looks incredibly unhygien- Wait a minute..." Yue murmured, flipping back and forth between the pages... the realisation slowly dawning on her as she recognised the same actions that she herself did... on those ash-bananas. She whipped her face towards the Kyoshi Warriors, "You mean to say that not only did you trick me into doing such lewd acts in front of the commander, but also drove me to announce that I was doing such things IN FRONT OF THE ENTIRE CITY OF AGNA QEL'A?!"

By the end of it, her voice had risen to a hysterical shout, and she was on her feet- staring down the collective irritatingly unfazed, and brilliant smiles of the Kyoshi Warriors as Suki replied with a shameless, "Yeah, pretty much!"

"How could you?!"

"Because it worked in getting Khan to look at you favourably, and it almost worked again in getting your city to surrender!"

"Rrrgghhh..." Yue sat back down and ground her teeth impotently- unable to refute that- then slumped her slender shoulders and lowered her burning hot cheeks into her palms, "Suki... can I borrow your sword?"

Raising an eyebrow, Suki asked the obvious. "Why?"

"Because I can't ever show my face in Agna Qel'a again!"

The redhead scoffed. "Don't be so melodramatic~"

"You didn't just embarrass yourself in front of your entire people and professed to 'sucking cock!' Ugh!" Anger expended, she slumped with her face inro her hands again, "Just, after the fighting is done, please just keep me captive in the fire islands. I don't think I can ever show my face in Agna Qel'a ever again!"

A gloved hand rested on her shoulder. "Aw, don't talk like that." Suki reassured her with a smile, "Sure, you admitted to sucking cock in front of your entire hometown, but that just earned you sympathy points more than anything! You could say that it made you a better princess, saying that you swallow pecker!"

"Yeah! And what matters is that you said it with confidence, Princess!"

"The speech was really inspiring! You made fellatio sound so respectable!"​

"Ugh...." Yue groaned, her blue eyes back at the explicit display, "… you mentioned that I should consider this as a solution. So, how is 'sucking cock' supposed to help me save Agna Qel'a?"

"Well, nothing puts a guy in a listening mood than having his knob slobbered," the redheaded Kyoshi Warrior shrugged.

"But a listening mood won't help me when I don't even have a course of action to suggest to him!"

"You let him worry about that. What's important is that Khan likes you." Suki grinned, and the other Kyoshi Warriors nodded as well- all reassuring smiles.

"Khan's more generous than you think he is. He spoils the girls in his life like that. Us, June, Yor, even Anya."

"And Khan is Khan- he definitely still has some tricks up his sleeve that he just hasn't been convinced to try yet."

"So, if he liked you more, he'd probably look after your people because that's what you care about."

"Well, after all those rejected peace offers, maybe not as much as you hope, but definitely more than he does now!"​

Yue cupped her chin in contemplation. "So, all I need to do for him to handle everything is..." She felt a furious blush grow on her cheeks. "... to ply him with sexual favours? Seduce him?"

"Pretty much!" Suki chirped, "We would have tried it, but like we mentioned before, Khan doesn't like it when we try to coax him with sexual favours. But you're not a Kyoshi Warrior, so he might be receptive to it. You're the only hope that Agna Qel'a has now, Princess!"

"I very much dislike that your prank ended up being the only hope I have; but… I'll gladly seize any chance to save my people."

"That's the spirit, Yue!"

"However, that plan has one big flaw...." Yue began, her eyes darted to the surrounding girls. Green kimonos wrapped around slender frames that were in turn corded with powerful muscles- a stark contrast to her own softer and lusher body, having never fought a battle in her life. Yue's voice lowered to a hesitant whisper, "I- uh- don't know the first thing about seducing a man."

It was painful for anyone to admit that they were novices in the ways of romance, especially to their peers, but the Kyoshi Warrior's friendly and reassuring smiles came easily, regardless. Followed by a pat to her back as they leaned close with their whispers and painted faces.

"Pfft, it's a piece of cake, Princess~"

"We still got that furkini we gave you. Slip that baby back on..."

"Walk up to Khan..."

"And say 'Hello, I know you're busy leading your Division of elite Fire Nation soldiers and waging war against the entire world and everything. But can I just take the time to slather honey over your abs and lick them clean like the pathetic, thirsty animal that I am?'"​

Yue settled a flat look at the Kyoshi Warriors. "Please stop joking."

"We're actually just quoting Suki from two weeks ago." They shrugged back.

"I wouldn't recommend that for the Princess," Suki casually dismissed, apparently unbothered and unashamed as she turned from Yue's sputtering and towards her sisters, "Because unlike me-"

"-She has too much self-respect for that."

"We already know that, Suki."​

"Hey!" Suki pouted, "Firstly, that line worked really well in getting me the title of 'Most Cream-Filled Girl in the North Pole.' Secondly, I remember you five being just as wound up when we came back from our long-range scouting op only to just to run into Khan fresh from his shower. And lastly, you have to be pretty close to him to say something like that to him. Yue here hasn't even seen him shirtless yet either."

"That's true... But on the other hand, Khan does like it when people are straight to the point."

"Maybe the direct approach would actually work best for the princess?"​

"So, I simply approach him, tell him that I wish to offer myself in exchange for him to reconsider diplomacy?"

"No," Suki said, "Whatever you do, don't say that it's an exchange- Khan will straight up refuse to even pull his cock out if you say that it is. Instead, you need to say that you just want a chance to 'convince' him. Trust us on this."

"... I suppose you are the experts."

"That we are." Suki nodded sagely. "Of all girls in the Four Nations, we are the most learned in the ways of seducing this specific huge hunky Fire Nation commander."

"You've given me a lot to think about…" Yue murmured, turning away to pace some more, only to be stopped as Suki's hand darted out and grabbed her sleeve.

"Where do you think you're going?" the redhead smiled, "It's going to be a while before Khan gets back- more than enough time to finish this book first!"

Yue did not like the sly look that Suki sent her way, "Uh, that won't be necess- Eep!" She squealed as she was yanked down and trapped by the six Kyoshi Warriors. A flutter of pages and they were back to where they left off: a nubile, half-undressed Earth Kingdom noblewoman orally pleasuring an intimidating Fire Nation soldier. The furious blush on Yue's cheeks resumed burning in full force as the Kyoshi Warriors whispered into her ears like perverted spirits haunting her.

"Too bad! We're not gonna take no for an answer, Princess!"

"Yeah, there are some good scenes in here! You might get some... inspiration for your seduction."

"And maybe it'll get your boiler running too~"

"And you don't have to get jealous- you're even more filled out than the noble girl in the book."

"Yep, Khan likes having something big and bouncy to grab. It's pretty rare when he gets a chance to do so!"

"... Well, screw you too, Suki!"

"Busty girls supremacy!"​

'I can do this,' Princess Yue reminded herself. Although her legs twitched with the desire to run away and hide her blushing face, for her people, surely she can read along through an explicit book with explicit illustrations. However, that was immediately put to the test as Suki turned the page.

She gulped as her eyes rested on the next piece of art.

Streaks of thick goopy white painting woman's breathless and worshipful expression, all in the shadow of the large pillar of the man's... Yue desperately tried to look away, but couldn't. Perhaps she couldn't do it. Not this much this soon, at least. And if that explicit image of the aftereffects of a male orgasm wasn't already enough, she felt Suki's fingers brush aside her snow white hair. All so that the Kyoshi Warriors' evil, suggestive whispers drifted into her ears even clearer.

"Does that look appealing to you, Yue?" Suki purred in her ear. "Your darker skin tone would look so pretty painted white like that, don't you think so?"

"Mhm, you haven't seen anything yet, Princess!"

"Yeah, that much is pretty small compared to Khan's load..."

"Especially when you know that he can keep going too."

"You've got your work cut out for you, Yue."​

Yue shivered as her traitorous imagination depicted just that image. "More than that? Oh my goodness..." she murmured, unable to look away as the pages continued to turn. Seducing her target might be more than she can handle. But then, why did it only make the heat between her legs grow hotter? And throughout it all, there was one question left unanswered and smoldering in her mind.

Could an inexperienced princess of the Northern Water Tribe truly be able to seduce the commander?



(Hours Later)

My armoured shadow darkened the interior of the command igloo, fairly tired and wholly freezing- frost still coating the thick armour plates.

Guerrilla warfare was demanding work- relaying highly sensitive and complex commands directly to my subordinates only made me appreciate radio technology more now. Although the [Power Move] perk granted me increased move speed and [Relentless] reduced stamina drain, I still had to deal with the inevitable mental fatigue whenever I'm pushed far enough- like say a marathon across the polar wastes going from hidden outpost to hidden outpost. Hopefully, and with a bit of good fortune, that'll spark enough advantages in the coming battles- my 41st Division will need them when they face the Aga Qel'a Resistance army ten times its size. In other words, one side was going to die in a blaze of glory remembered by historians for decades to come... and it definitely wasn't going to be us.

I'll need my strength for the upcoming slaughter of Water Tribe morons.

So, trundling into my metal abode, my seven-feet of frosted armour was ready to just lay back and kick my feet up. Except... What should have been a large vacant bed fit for a giant was instead occupied by a gorgeous, dusky princess with snow white hair, shyly glancing in my direction with her ice-blue eyes. Her soft silhouette in a purple parka-dress sitting between me and a sweet, warm bed.

My skull helmet hid my annoyed frown as it nodded at her. "Princess Yue."

"Commander Khan." She stood up before immediately getting down to business. "I... wish to have a conversation with you again. Pertaining the fate of Agna Qel'a."

"Again? What else haven't we discussed?" I did not bother hiding the rumble of impatience in my deep voice. "My answer is no, princess. Your people have been given enough chances at 'diplomacy.' "

"Wait!"

Her lavender parka-dress fell to the floor with a soft hush, pooling around her dainty fur slippers- leaving the blushing arctic princess with soft brown skin only in that white furkini standing before me. Her voice dipping low and sultry, "I must attempt to convince you, regardless."

"You look good. I'll give you that, Princess." I admitted. Unlike that incident back at homebase where I was standing across the room, this time, she was right there. A deliciously dusky princess up close and personal. The curve of her soft dusky skin almost overflowing out of the white furkini. Her fur bra barely held back the soft bouncing of her milk-chocolate bust as she stepped closer, and those scanty panties almost to the point of snapping right off her as she rolled those thick child-bearing hips with every step she took.

"Then…" She pressed said body against me. "Won't you let me convince you, Khan?"

Wordlessly, I unequipped my armour right in front of her- the princess' blush deepening as I took it all off and slipped into my red robes. She didn't even hide it when her ice-blue eyes dragged up and down my frame. And after I had divested all obstructions, I went to claim my prize, taking a step forward towards the half-naked princess. She flinched, and closed her eyes as my shadow enveloped her, only for them to fly wide open as I walked right past her to sit down relaxed against the metal headboard with a satisfied grunt. Because, unfortunately for her, nothing beats bed.

"What?" The dark-skinned Princess pouted mightily.

"Pffft!"

"Khan just destroyed her without saying a word."

"Brutal."​

"... I take it this is the reason we have an audience?" I asked, my eyes glancing to the corner of the room where the six Kyoshi Warriors were seated on fur cushions- all facing the bed as they snacked on tiger-seal jerky.

They smiled perfectly innocent smiles, "We're..."

"Bedside Support." "Love coaches." "Backseat Sluts." "The Council of Coitus." "The Sexy Sages Six."​

"Just pretend we're not here!" Suki chirped, hand already reaching for another crunchy snack. "Keep going, Yue! He's on the verge of getting hard now! I can almost taste it!"

I rolled my green eyes. "Basically, you're here to make sure that I agree to taking the Princess up on her offer. Well, I'll be honest with you all. No amount of sex is going to convince me to save those idiots in Agna Qel'a."

Yue's lush frame stood by my bed, a white brow arched on her face. "Are you saying that you're unable to, Commander?"

"What I'm saying is that your people have deliberately made things very difficult, and I have run out of patience for dealing with them," my deep voice rumbled.

"But you could if you wanted to."

"And I explicitly do not want to." I warned her. But even saying that I knew that there were still a few ways to coax Agna Qel'a to surrendering: every single one of them had too much risk than they were worth. And for what? To save the lives of the enemies who spat in the face of my offerings of peace? No, I think I will not be risking the months of combat experience that I had spent training up my elite troops. Nothing was worth that much time and effort, not even all the thicc, dusky moon-princess pussy in the world.

But Yue was clearly undeterred, and made her move.

The snowy-haired princess looked away bashfully as she lid her white fur bra slid off the hefty curve of her dusky tits; and she pushed her bare chest out and crossed her arms underneath- presenting those sizable E-cups. Definitely more than a handful, liable to spill from my palms. Dark, rosy-pink nipples tipped each, stiff from arousal in the warm air of the command igloo. Then she moved, not to just sit on the edge of the bed; instead, she went straight for the jugular, swinging her thicc thigh over my legs to sit on my lap and resting the soft furs of furkini bottoms right on my crotch.

"Is the idea of a virgin Water Tribe Princess with f-fat tits, and the juiciest ass in Agna Qel'a who's willing to suck and fuck at your pleasure so repulsive that you could turn her away so easily?"

I pointedly refrained from glancing to the side to where the Kyoshi Warriors were holding up papers for the Princess. Instructions for her to follow and lines for her to say, alongside a grinning Suki's enthusiastic thumbs up.

Returning my gaze to the half-naked princess on my lap, I replied, "You would only be throwing your purity away, which I imagine is important to a princess, especially a betrothed one." I gestured to her betrothal necklace, and from the way she reached up to touch the carved piece of blue jade with her shocked expression, she had completely forgotten about it.

"It is." She conceded, but her voice remained firm, "But this is far more important than simply saving myself for my political marriage."

"Not if it avails you nothing, Yue."

For being surprisingly considerate of her...

[Princess Yue] Reputation: 55 -> 70

[Princess Yue] Obedience: 70 -> 80​

To that, her pink lips curled in a grateful smile on her brown skin, "You are kinder than you seem, commander, for allowing me the chance to steer away from this course of action. But I cannot- I have to try. I must."

"I already told you the answer beforehand, and I'm telling that it won't change. Why do you insist?"

Her slender fingers gripped my red robes as she replied, her voice was quiet- afraid. "Because if I pull away now, I can see myself years from now- endlessly haunted by questions of what I could have done today. 'Would Commander Khan have agreed if I had simply applied myself?', 'Was it wrong of me to have saved myself for my betrothed when my people needed me the most?', and 'Could I truly claim that I intended to save my people if I stopped short at the last moment?' That's why… I can't stop here! Even if nothing else comes of this; then at the very least, the Moon and Ocean Spirits can judge me to have been a true Princess of the Northern Water Tribe. One who truly did everything in her power to save her people, and one who didn't have regrets for her actions. So please…"

A flash of determination glinted in her ice-blue eyes. And with slender brown fingers, she pulled at the side-tie of her fur panties, undoing it and letting it fall from her to reveal her virgin womanhood, puffy lips flanking a tight pink slit, soaked in nectar.

"…Claim me." She breathed, "Use me. Take your anger and your frustrations out on my body. O-on my pussy. I'll follow your every command, fulfil your every sexual desire and use me however you wish. I offer all of myself to your pleasure, so please… Fuck me as hard and as forcefully as you can and whatever you do, please don't stop!"

This time, I did briefly glance to the side, and found the Kyoshi Warriors' painted faces looking at each other's papers in confusion- trying to find which one Yue had read from. But apparently, the princess had gone 'off script'- all of that was her own words and her own feelings. I suppose there were worse things to happen than having a thicc, brown-skinned princess earnestly swear her sexual servitude to me.

"Very well, Princess Yue." My voice rumbled, "Do your best to convince me then."

Her eyes lit up, and she smiled as if I had given her a great gift, "You won't regret it!" Her slender brown hands undid my red robes until my large shaft was standing straight up before her eyes. She gulped nervously, "P-please permit me to pleasure you first with my breasts."

"At your pace, princess." I nodded. I didn't mind a more passive role every now and again. The Kyoshi Warriors taught me the joys of sometimes just leaning back and having a very horny girl pleasure me.

And she did.

Yue bent forward, lowering those swaying melons down to my lap. Her soft hand strokes my member once or twice, enveloping my shaft between her two huge tits, even with my large shaft barely peeking out from her cleavage. Not even Suki was this large. I couldn't help but compare. Where the busty Kyoshi Warrior had a firmness to her breasts, this snowy-haired princess' E-cups had a pillowy softness that coupled very well with her sinfully smooth dusky skin. The view was excellent too. Her slender back curved as her naked ass was raised in the air.

I let out a groan of satisfaction. After a long day, getting a titjob from a busty princess was exactly what I needed apparently.

"I-I'll use my mouth now…" She murmurs, more to herself as the briefest expression of hesitation before she lowers her head down.

I leaned back, allowing her the space to do her work and felt her soft lips for the first time. Not on mine, but on my cock. Claiming the princess' first kiss. Her tongue darted out, tracing the length of my shaft, her large breasts pressed against me. Her tongue dragged on the tip and collected the precum onto her taste buds, and a soft moan escaped her lips, followed by shiver down her lush body.

"That… that didn't taste as bad as I thought it would. In fact…" She said, blush deepening. She must have been sincere about it because she dove straight back in- pressing those overflowing E-cups around my cock and jerking me off with them while her hot mouth latched onto the tip and sucked as if she had found her new favourite flavour. The loving look in her eyes stayed throughout her wet slurps and slight moans as she fucked her massive tits up and down my shaft, even deepthroating me until the tip met the back of her throat sometimes.

The minutes ticked by with nothing but the sounds of her boobjob/fellatio combo. And Yue finally pulled back, sitting up breathlessly. Her ice-blue eyes glinting with an mix of nervousness and desire that only a fresh virgin could have.

"Of- of course, a man of your…" Her gaze flicked down to my big throbbing cock, "… robust stature wouldn't be satisfied by that."

A shame, I would have liked to have painted her dusky brown skin, from her face to her tits, white with my cum. "Don't feel bad. I'm too used to satisfying six insatiable and expert Kyoshi Warriors at once after all." I shrugged, ignoring the 'Kyoshi-trained, Khan-tested fuck machine', 'Unstoppable warrior on and off the bed', 'Quoted amazing in bed by local Fire Nation hunk' and 'Best at Sex ↓' signs that our audience were proudly holding above their heads.

"Mmm… I suppose I must give my best showing then." She rose back to her knees again, and the first thing I noticed was that she was dripping wet. In the literal sense. Glistening droplets of nectar were making a soft pitter-patter sound every time they fell from her glistening lips and to the sheets. And I idly wondered if it was a water tribe girl thing.

Our eyes met, and with her voice trembling, she said, "Please accept this one's humble gift of her virginity, Honourable Khan. "

"Even with the current circumstances, I'll treasure it all the same."

For saying sweet things...

[Princess Yue] Reputation: 70 -> 85

[Princess Yue] Obedience: 80 -> 90​

Her blue eyes widened as if she wasn't expecting that. And her smile was gentle, almost frail, "… Thank you."

Silky pussy lips gave a quivering kiss to the tip of my cock, the buxom princess poised herself right at the tip.

She was slow on the descent. Her tight, unspoiled entrance getting pried open by the thick crown. Then I was inside her, and the sensation was exquisite, a blend of heat and tightness that gripped tightly at the shaft that was filling up her unexplored insides. With her blue eyes glazed with pleasure, and her breath hitched in her throat, Yue let out a soft whimper as she adjusted to the sensation. I just sat back, allowing her the time to grow accustomed to me and enjoyed the sight of this curvaceous beauty with snow-white tresses and dusky complexion who had just deflowered herself on my cock, and trapped my shaft in the hot and very wet heaven of her virgin pussy walls.

"Mmm… Please…" she mewled, as she started to move, her hips rising and falling in a slow, steady rhythm. Her very wet pussy supplying all the lubrication needed and some more. "Please- Mmm! enjoy what my humble body have to- Oohhh offer!"

Each thrust echoed out in the bedroom as very wet meaty slaps as Yue took every inch of my cock in her tightly grasping princess pussy. Then again nad again, bouncing her hips to drive my cock into her welcoming moist quim. Her white hair gradually coming undone and falling down her slender back. It drew attention to her wide hips and her soft ass, so I helped myself to a handful of her rear. Fingers digging into those jiggling ass cheeks as I helped bounce her up and down.

Her insides clenched tight at the contact, and she stammered, "You don't need to… Mmm~ Please, leave everything to me. So, please, just sit back and leave everything to me."

"What a dutiful princess," I said, pawing at her ass, enjoying the way the underlying muscles under all that softness tensed as she bounced on my cock. "Don't worry, I am enjoying myself, and it seems like you are too. Are you telling me to stop?"

"N-no~! Please entertain yourself groping my b-butt all you want. My whole body is at your service!"

"I'm going to thoroughly ruin you for any other man." I reached down and lightly pinched those rosy nipples.

"Please do!" She cried out, and I could feel her rapid heartbeat through her vaginal walls, inner muscles behind silky soft folds clenching and unclenching in a fluttering rhythm. Frantic. Sensitive. Desperate for every spark of pleasure ignited by my cock pushing across them.

"Your… it's just so thick… and reaching so- Ahn~ Deep!" Yue couldn't help but moan, enjoying herself with each bounce of her hips. "And why does it feel so good?"

She didn't even try to deny it- What an honest girl, especially to herself. Eyes squeezed shut and her mouth hanging open as she readily drank in all the sensations that I was giving her. She even let out feminine gasp of pleasure as my hands continued their pawing at her ass cheeks. Her nectar practically splattering in every direction as she bottomed out and kisses the tip of my cock with the entrance of her womb.

"Mmm! It's feeling strange! S-something's coming! I'm going to come!"

Of course, she was still a virgin and didn't have the sexual stamina for much of anything. Seeing that I was far from my own finish, I decided to be a gentleman about it and help the cumming Princess along: my fingers dipping down where we were connected and found that swollen little nub atop her slit.

Ice-blue eyes flew wide open. "N-not there! That's too sensitive!" She pleaded, even as she bucked her hips against my fingers in between frantic slams of her hips against mine. "It's… It's going to come soon! By the Moon spirit, I'm going to- Oh! OOOOooohh yessssssss~!"

She came. Velvety virgin-tight insides squeezing all around my cock, desperately milking me for my own finish as she reached her own. My thick cock, soaked with her juices, disappearing in and out of her tight pink hole. She also fell forward, squishing those deliciously E-cup jugs against my abdomen and pressing her drooling face against my chest as her orgasm tore through her dusky thicc body. Her hips were on automatic as she slammed them wildly against mine. Even adding that extra little grind at the bottom as if she was coaxing the tip of my cock with her womb's entrance- tempting me to cum inside her. Then her legs gave out and she slumped onto me.

"Mmmm… I'm sorry, but I can scarcely feel my legs." Yue panted, trembling on my lap. A light sheen of sweat on her brown skin. "May… may we take a break?"

"That's fine." Was my reply in a low growl. I was throbbing hard now. And unfortunately for both of us, it was going to take more than just this to get me to cum in her fertile princess pussy. There was movement in the corner of my eye. There, written across six papers held up by the Kyoshi Warriors were the words 'Don't stop! Give her The Suki!'

Yue, having also seen the words, whispered, "… What's the 'Suki'?"

"It just means that I'll be the one moving you." I gripped her waist.

"Oh… Oh!" She realised what that entailed: Using her as a living onahole. And from the way her wet pussy was clenching tightly, she was more than just open to the idea, it apparently turned her on. "I'm sorry. I should be the one who is doing most of the work, but here you are…"

"It's not a problem. I have the [Strength] for it. And besides, you're only slightly heavier than Suki." I said, ignoring the indignant squawk of 'Slightly?!' and the snorts of laughter coming from the background.

Paying the laughter no mind, I moved to better things to get distracted by however, like the water princess with the grippy wet cunt sliding up and down my cock. Of course, I helped her along by holding her tight and moving her faster, and there was certainly much of her to hold. That light layer of plush fat that only a royalty could afford, and especially concentrated around her generous E-cups and thighs that jiggled pleasantly every time I slammed her down to the base of my cock. She liked that a lot. Dusky brown toes curled as her pink princess pussy went crazy around my shaft, squeezing and pulsing. The wet friction from her feminine folds sparking up pleasure that made her cry out.

"Aaah~! P-please, slow down! I just reached my climax, and my pussy's still too sensitive!" Her melodious moans echoed. And yet, even as she said that, she only clenched tighter around me.

So, I gave her the answer that she was secretly hoping for, "No."

"Spirits preserve me! You're so big! Cumming again!"

Her pussy squeezed twice as tightly in return, reaffirming that was the correct answer. Which was good, because after being inside this virgin Water Tribe pussy through its very first orgasm, I was not about to stop anyway, not when this sexy princess was so responsive and eager- milking my shaft with her inner walls as I used her like an onahole. And with my strength, she may as well be as light as an actual one. A full bodied onahole with big bouncing tits, a lovely voice that moaned and whimpered and a hot cunt that responded wetly, quivering eagerly with every thrust.

"At this rate, I may just keep you as my toy." I growled, helping myself to her luscious body that she was so readily offering.

At those words, her ice-blue eyes flew open at the thought of the princess of an entire nation reduced to nothing but a convenient fucktoy. A tool of pleasure to be picked up and thoroughly used and shelved for the next time that the mood struck me. And although I didn't know what was going on inside her head, but whatever she was thinking, it apparently pushed her over the edge.

"Yesss~! Cumming!" She screamed out, doing her best to meet my thrusts halfway, "Fuck me as you please! Make me your Northern Water Tribe toy and pleasure your amazing cock with my body!"

"Such an eager toy." I scoffed.

"I am! I'm at your disposal! Use me in any way you please!"

Who knew that this innocent, virgin of a princess would be such a horny slut once she got her first taste of sex? It was almost cliché.

If I were to hazard a guess… the dusky, white-haired princess was still feeling guilty about failing to convince her people to surrender. Putting a weight on her own shoulders as she blamed herself for it. Yue wanted to be shamed. She wanted to be punished and to feel like she was rightfully paying for her failures, even if it was with her body. It was also equally likely that it was all just an excuse to enjoy herself as well- innocent girls in stressful situations clinging to the first method of release they could find. And in this case, it was wild sex. But, regardless of her reasons, this princess wanted it all, practically begging for it as she clenched her inner walls around me. And Yue was definitely going to get it. After all, a man can only endure a moon princess' tight, virgin pussy for so long.

So, with gritted teeth, I warned her. "I'm getting close, Yue!"

Ice-blue eyes stared at me intently, even as her mouth hung open from moaning her pleasure, "Inside me… Cum inside me! Please!" the snowy-haired girl begged desperately, her thicc hips' smooth brown skin jiggling as she did her best to thrust back. "Ahhhhn~! You're throbbing so much in me! Going to cum too!"

"Right here? You want to cum right here?" I grunted, increasing the force of me slamming this horny princess down onto my cock until her big E-cup boobs were bouncing and jiggling up and down. Bottoming out until I was battering at her fertile womb's entrance with my cock tip, and she loved every second of it- moaning and mewling her pleasure as she welcomed every inch into her hot, feminine depths. The heaven that was her tight pink hole cumming all around my shaft- practically gripping for dear life in a wet, velvet grasp pushing me closer and closer to the edge.

"Please! Fill me up!" She moaned, her slender brown hands gripping my shoulders, " Put it all deep inside me! I want it all!"

I was of the opinion that, when a horny girl who you're fucking begs you for a nice deep creampie, it was rude to decline. So, with a forceful grunt, I gave the Northern Water Tribe Princess exactly what she wanted: her very first taste of the male seed. Screwing her soaked pussy down to the base of my shaft so that the tip rested right against her thirsting womb's entrance, I shot rope after steaming hot rope of semen to thud against the back wall. Flooding her fertile baby chamber white with my cum.

"Yes. Yes. Yes… YEESSSSS!" Her moans rose to screams and her silky inner walls went crazy, eagerly milking me for every drop.

So, I did. Pumping her full with my cum until it leaked from where we were connected, dribbling down to the mattress' sheets. I didn't make an effort to move, simply keeping the thicc, brown princess there as she hung limply in my hands, panting and freshly cream-filled. I let her slump against me, her hefty breasts pressing against my abdomen as she rested her head on my chest, blank-eyed and panting breathlessly.

"That…" the beautiful princess whispered, wiping a bit of drool trailing down the corner of her mouth,"… that was the most amazing thing I've ever felt in my life! But… Was it good for you too?"

"Of course," I ran my fingers through her snow white hair. "8 out 10 if you trust the scores."

"The what?" She glanced to the side to where the Kyoshi Warriors were holding up score cards with several 8's and a 9. "Oh. That is all well and good, but… may we please have that break now?"

"Take your time."

"Thank you…" She murmured, settling against my chest with my cock still cradled in her hot pussy that squeezed occasionally. And there was a quiet set of minutes where we just laid there, just catching our breath and I laid back and enjoyed the moist hospitality of her vagina.

After a while, Yue looked up again. Her voice softened to a whisper, "I feel that you are yet to be convinced."

"That is true."

A flash of bittersweet acceptance came over her soft, brown features. But only for a second. An earnest look in her ice-blue eyes replaced it soon after. "Then I must keep trying to make my case. For however long, it will take."

"You're sounding more confident with your actions now, Yue." I noted.

"I've managed to make you cum inside me once." She breathed, her cunt squeezed tight around my shaft. "Certainly, I can do so again, wouldn't you agree?"

"Be my guest, Yue." I gave her a little thrust, earning a surprised moan of pleasure.

"Mmm~ Thank you, I'll do my best again!"

I laid back just as she started moving again. Wet meaty slaps echoing with her mewls and whimpers of pleasure, alongside her tight and freshly filled pussy sliding up and down... Yes, there was no better way to regain stamina.

Times like these make me glad that I didn't go for the goody-two-shoes route. 'Good guys' would have had to debase themselves playing nice with the Water Tribe just to woo the princess: ingratiating himself to her people, asking for her father's permission and proving his worth. But as for myself? I can just sit back, relax and let a Water Tribe princess with snow-white hair and thicc, deliciously brown body act as my cumdump. But more importantly…

"I have such plans for you after I'm all rested." I muttered, and Yue shivered in my lap. Her hooded ice-blue eyes looked up at me.

… because if she was willing to go this far, then she was definitely going to be willing to finish that interview I've been meaning to have with her. Interview with a Water Tribe Princess by Khan. That sounded like a lovely title. This entire arctic campaign will make for a good preface into Water Tribe culture. I couldn't keep reusing the Great War as a preface like I did with June's or Suki's books.

"Yes, I'm ready." Yue breathed. "Whatever you desire, I'll fulfil them."

If I finish that book soon, I might even reach level 20 intelligence before I complete this arctic quest line! The [Engineering] skill was in my grasp now. Inventions, industries, machinery… all the things necessary to unlock the next level of building more efficient towns. The next tech level, so to speak. They were so close that I can almost taste it! And the only thing standing in the way was…

A meaty thwack rang out as big round brown ass cheek jiggled under my slap, "Pick up the pace then, Yue," I growled, "so that we can move on to more important things."

"Ah!" the princess squealed in delight, Y-yes, of course! O-Oh Moon Spirit, give me strength to endure this!"



"Khan's thinking about interviewing her for a book, isn't he?" Suki glanced away from the scene of fevered lovemaking that was regaining momentum, and lazily grabbing another pack of tiger-seal jerky while her sisters were too preoccupied arguing.

"I've never seen his eyes light up like that for sex."

"With me, they do."

"Liar!"

"Speaking of lying, a 9 out of 10? With that technique, Suki? I can ride Khan twice as better while drunk as skunk-fish."

"She barely lasted eight minutes before her legs gave out too!"

"The Virgin's Bonus to her score you gave her is too large!"​

"Oh, cut her some slack," Suki mumbled through a mouthful of jerky. "Yue needs the confidence boost."

"Maybe she does, but…?" Her sister-in-arms lowered her voice to a whisper, "Do you really think the Princess has a chance to convince Khan?"

Suki paused for a moment, swallowed, and glanced away from the scene of fevered lovemaking that was regaining momentum. She spoke softly, "No, Khan's made up his mind. And you know he cares too much about us and the rest of the 41st to risk us trying to save our enemies. The best we can do now is make sure the survivors of the Northern Water Tribe will have someone on the Fire Nation side willing to listen to them. And we all know that it has to be Khan- Essin and the rest of the barbarian tribes are definitely too bitter about past wrongs to do it."

Her sisters nodded.

"And besides…" The corner of her lips quirked. "I think the Princess deserves a bit of happiness. She's not a bad person after all. Something tells me that she'd make for a fine Kyoshi Warrior, I think."





[Several Hours Later]

The first light of dawn filtered under the fur door, waking Princess Yue from her pleasant dream.

She shifted slightly in the warm bed, and winced as her everything ached in protest from last night's events. Rubbing the sleep from her eyes, she saw Khan, still hunched over his desk where she had fallen asleep on him. Papers and ink were scattered across the table before him, remnants of the all-nighter she had spent with the commander that were now stacking into the inevitable book. Her heart (and sore pussy) ached as the memory of the night before came flooding back- the desperation, the passion, which then shifted into confusion as he demanded from her the stories, traditions, and the history of her people.

"Khan?" Yue sat up, her hair now falling in a white curtain against her brown skin.

"Good morning, Princess." He greeted back with a nod. "I was just collating everything we discussed into a first draft."

"I see." She murmured, gazing at the enemy commander who had ravaged her home city- his face softened in as he kept writing. That frightening skull helmet that marked him as a ruthless leader giving way to highlight the stoic handsomeness of his face. He was the prince-to-be for the Fire Nation, she was reminded again, one who definitely looked the part as if he had walked out of a romance story's illustrations.

Yue blushed, just looking at him made her remember her dream vividly.

It was how she had imagined things would have been if they had met on more amicable terms. He had been an undercover Prince who wanted to wander the world, seeking knowledge and meaning. Sharing secrets and a budding romance, able to relate like no one else was. Then her father would discover his strength and brilliance, and arrange her to be betrothed to him. Only, instead, he had whisk her away to travel the Four Nations with him on a fantastical Fire Nation machine. It had been like those legends and stories in the scrolls.

Before she knew it, she was standing beside him, nothing but a fur blanket around her naked shoulders.

"Is something a matter, Yue?" His unfairly smooth voice said, now free from his helmet.

Yue withheld a shiver of arousal, "Nothing's a matter," She instead smiled." Just … stay with me for a while longer?"

"Of course."

She leaned up to meet his soft kiss and melted into it. She could reach the man behind the warlord, commander and prince, Yue realised. And in that quiet kiss, she made a decision, borne from one simple confidence that she felt in the depths of her heart. Just one simple idea...

'I could change him.'​

And at the room's far end where the Kyoshi Warriors were snoozing in a heap together, Suki briefly cracked an eye open, gave a knowing smirk and went back to sleep.


- Yue Interlude - The Return of the Furkini End -​


~ Chapter 27 - Family, War Criminals and Traitors ~

Coming Soon for Public Release!

~ In which… Zuko and Iroh confront Admiral Zhao, and end up encountering the sadistic mastermind behind the Fire Nation's new public executions policy. Fire Lord 'Ozzy' Ozai enjoys the new lifestyle that Khan and Anya had introduced to him. Azula does the unthinkable. And Khan reaches the power spike that he had been working towards… just in time for the tundras to become a target-rich environment. ~​

AN:

This chapter still occurs between the episodes... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 18 - The Waterbending Master) and (ATLA Book 1, Episode 19 - The Siege of the North).

This chapter was supposed to be for later... this wednesday. But the Cheem (FF Handle: Musashi The Samurai Cheem) meme'd hard and fast.

Now this was a necessary chapter… Not lewding the Moon Princess after so many chapters would have been criminal. Also, originally, the chapter did have this much Kyoshi Warriors interactions, but they have a habit of sneaking into the scenes.

The 'undercover prince' was indeed a reference to another ATLA fic… The Wandering Prince by sinereal. A Zuko SI that somehow ends up with Yue. He beta'd this chapter… despite me only asking for a vibecheck. The madlad.
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:SamuelAtomizer, Ghjikl, Michael_1992 and 1,450 others
Infonticus
Aug 4, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 27 - Family, War Criminals and Traitors
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Aug 11, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,704
Chapter 27 - Family, War Criminals and Traitors

In which… Khan and the Lieutenant have an 'intimate' talk. Zuko and Iroh confront Admiral Zhao, and encounter the sadistic mastermind behind the Fire Nation's new public executions policy. An optimistic Katara trains up all her brave and proud female waterbenders for their easy mission into the tundras. And Fire Lord 'Ozzy' Ozai enjoys his new lifestyle that Khan and Anya had introduced to him.


[Extraction Point "Ozai" - Arctic Coastal Cliffs]

It was as though I had marched right to the edge of the world.

Moments ago, I had sprinted through an endless plain of white snow—flat, frozen, and featureless in every direction. Now, just beyond my armoured boots, the landscape abruptly stopped, giving way to a cliff edge that spanned from horizon to horizon. Beyond the sharp edge was a skyscraper-tall drop into the churning icy waves of the Northern Sea, stretching to the southern horizon. The cliff face was so sheer and sudden, it felt as if a gargantuan Celestial cleaver had chopped a straight line across the Earth, demarcating the divide between land and sea. Here, there was nothing but snow, ice, and a long fall into a watery grave.

So, yes, this was definitely the place. The snow crunched as I set down the metal crate I had been hauling.

[Fragrant Insight] - Whether it's sniffing out hiding enemies or uncovering hidden compartments filled with contraband, Fragrant Insight empowers your sense of smell to preternatural levels to become the ultimate scent-based hunter. With enough practice and focus, this skill will allow you to identify and analyse different scents, separating them into distinct layers, and intuitively understanding which aromas are out of place or potentially dangerous.
+ R +​

My skull helm tilted up and I took a deep inhale of the briney sea air.

~ Weapon Oil, Ostrich-horse musk, mountain dew: whiteout. Multiple sources. ~ Perfume, Abbey brand. One source.
"Lieutenant, excellent work on the camouflage!" I called out, "I almost didn't see you there."

"Thank you, sir!" came a muffled voice from a nearby snow mound. The snow shifted, revealing a large metal trapdoor hidden beneath. The Lieutenant emerged out of it, alongside the rest of the two squads under her direct command- lining up in a neat row. Red gauntlet clicked against red feathered helmets in a salute.
"1st Squad, ready to ride out, Commander!"​

"At ease, I'm simply here to conduct that inspection of Extraction Point 'Ozai'. And also," My gauntlet made a clacking sound as it patted the metal crate. "Hand you your resupply. Likely the last one for this campaign too, so I added a little care package of Hippo-ox burgers."

"Sir, thank you, sir!"​

"1st Squad, get this crate inside." I directed, "Lieutenant, it's you and me. Give me the grand tour."

"Y-yes, sir!" She stood up straight, saluting.

Feathered helm swaying in the arctic air, she led the way deeper into the bunker, built as it was right into the ice sheet's crevasse. Blue and white walls of pure ice carved away to form a spacious interior stairway down, large and wide even for my seven-foot-tall armoured frame. A roof of ice, a few feet thick, let in sunlight to illuminate everything. It was en echo to that Combustion Woman's prison in ATLOK. The Lieutenant continued, "As I've relayed in the report, Commander, Extraction Point 'Ozai' is fully operational. All personnel and ostrich-horses accounted for, no wounded or sick. No enemy combat patrols since the initial wave of scouts either."

"I see."

"honk." "Honk!" "Honk."​

We passed through the stable area. The sleepy ostrich-horses happily greeted us- their two-legged heaters. Reaching into my [Inventory], I tossed them some bucket-fulls of leftover Agna Qel'a Scout entrails, and the giant balls of downy brown fluff honked happily as they gobbled it up off the ice.

"And the sitrep on our exfil strategy?"

"Good to go, sir." She replied, gesturing an armoured hand over to the far ice wall- wooden barrels embedded all the way down, "We've finished planting the blasting jelly all the way down yesterday. We followed Chief Essin's instructions to the letter, sir: Coated the fuses in tiger-seal blubber churned in a puffin-seal stomach. They'll stay dry even underwater. As soon as the exfiltration ship arrives, we'll be ready to blow open this entire cliff face to make a space for the bridging ramp."

"Excellent work, Lieutenant, good to see that applied Water Tribe wisdom has a place in our procedures." My skull helm nodded, "And more importantly, the rest of the Division will be relieved to hear that we have a clear way off this icy rock now. Minus the ships, of course, but I'm sure Grand Admiral Zhao will grant my request in my last report to loan us some of his."

"Sir!"

"Speaking of my last report…" I turned my attention to that small aviary they had- a little nook where about half a dozen red-plumed messenger-hawks rested in their little nests melted into the ice wall. Sunlight streamed through a torso-sized hole in the cliff face, letting the birds pass in and out, "Any messenger hawks from the Armada?"

"None, sir." She replied, "Last long-range messenger hawk we handled was your outbound one."

"… I see." I murmured. That was not a good sign. While we were in correspondence, Zhao practically wouldn't stop sending me messages like some giddy teenage girl who had found someone to talk to. I may need to ready my forces. Glancing back to the Lieutenant, my skull-faced helmet nodded to her, "Let's get some fresh air."

"Yes, commander."

With a large armoured hand, I gestured her to follow; and we went back up and out the bunker. Back to the cliff side which commanded a view of the Northern Sea. Just endless blue waters glittering like it was filled with diamonds stretching out into the horizon.

I undid my helmet, took it off with a deep exhale- just drinking in the feeling of the chilly arctic breeze on my bare face and across my dark hair.

"C-Commander?" The Lieutenant stammered.

"It's fine, I have an [Audacious Spirit]- the cold won't bother me." I replied, deep voice no longer hindered by my helmet, and [Siren's Voice] in full effect, "Listen… I needed to speak with you privately. I find myself looking for someone I trust. And well, you've proven yourself to be exceptional in many ways, Lieutenant, loyalty above them all. So, you were the first to come to mind."

Because if worse comes to worse and Zhao doesn't listen to me, I will 100% need to put him down before he dooms us all. We may even need to silence any witnesses. No one should ever know about the Moon and Ocean spirits. Can I trust that a few random Fire Nation soldiers will never speak a word of what they'll have seen for their entire lives? Even when they're drunk, lonely, or under interrogation? Should I even risk it? … The fact that we're even two fishes away from a moonless, oceanless world would have been hilarious if it wasn't so concerning.

"But don't you have your betrothed- Princess Azula herself?"

I scoffed, "The princess would be the last person I trust."

Azula having the knowledge of the Moon and Ocean Spirits… yeah, I would be leery about trusting her with that information even with 100 Reputation & Obedience. And she was currently at -100.

"… I guess I've known for a while."

I whipped my head to her, genuinely caught off-guard. My green eyes wide as I asked, "H-how did you find out? I've never spoken about it to anyone. There shouldn't even be records or anything."

The lieutenant also took off her helmet. Dark hair spilling out over her red armour, and suddenly, there was a pretty girl with amethyst purple eyes looked at me over her slight smile, "I guess it started with a feeling, Khan. It's like in all the legends… It seemed so silly and far-fetched at the time, but… I feel it so strongly now."

"… It did?" Was she a descendant of the Water Tribe that she could feel the connection of the Moon Spirit? "No, that's not possible."

"I didn't want to believe it at first either, sir." The Lieutenant, now without her helmet, looked away, "But here we at the North Pole, standing at what looks like the end of the world. Just you and me. And right now, I feel it to be true more than ever."

"I'll have to ask you in detail later…"

Her purple eyes widened as bright blush exploded across her face, "You mean in an 'i-interview,' sir?"

~ Arousal: Intensely feminine. Perfumed, Abbey brand.

Despite the gravity of the situation, I couldn't help but smile even for a short while. "One where I pepper you with questions, yes." I confirmed, right before going back to being serious again. "Since you know… you should also know what we may potentially be forced to do: We might actually have to fire upon fellow Fire Nation. I know it isn't an easy decision, but… it might just be necessary."

I pensively looked out to the sea. I didn't want to do this to Zhao. The man had an ego the size of a continent, and he definitely wasn't a good person, but… he was good friend.

The snow crunched as the lieutenant stepped closer until she was standing next to me. Just the two of us staring out into the sea.

"I know it's hard for you too, Khan…" She whispered quietly, before biting on her lip in hesitation, "I'd do anything for you. But will you answer one question for me?"

"Of course… You definitely earned it." I nodded readily.

"Earned it?" She echoed, then smiled, shaking her head in disbelief, "That's my question: You're betrothed to Princess of the Fire Nation, and I'm… I'm just the daughter of our island's garrison captain. What have I ever done to earn this? To earn your eyes stopping on me? Your affection? Why me?"

… What? I replayed the entire conversation in my head, and everything clicked.

"Lieutenant…" I said with a sigh, "This isn't a love confession."

"… What?" She froze.

"I'm saying that there is a possibility that the Armada is compromised, and someone will do a certain action that would endanger the entire Fire Nation. I'm here to ask you to follow my lead should I start attacking them."

"Ah, so that's what you mean," She said dumbly before taking a step back. And quietly, she put her feathered helmet back on, glanced to the sea, then back to me, "Sir… permission to hurl myself off this cliff in embarrassment?"

"Denied." I sighed again, "Just… be ready to throw fire at whoever I point, Lieutenant."

"Y-Yes sir."

Well my concern was at least addressed and I had the Lieutenant on my side should the attempt to convince Zhao went sideways. It was a good thing that he and possibly his bodyguards were the only ones I had to worry about.


[The Northern Sea]

As soon as the Lieutenant opened the door out to the battleship's observation deck, Zuko wasted no time.

Fists clenched tight and eastern sea winds brushing against his scarred eye, he stepped past her and tossed his demand across observation deck like a challenge gauntlet.

"Enough games, Admiral Zhao. I demand a place in the Armada for the siege on the North Pole!"​

"Oh, Zuko, always lacking in manners..." the older man glanced over his great red cape and brass-gilded pauldron to level a condescending smile at him, "... and always a step behind the times. Haven't you heard? It's Grand Admiral Zhao now. I thought my promotion would be self-evident. Fire Lord Ozai wouldn't entrust the greatest fleet of our generation to a mere admiral, after all. What do you think of my Armada?"

The great battleship swayed slightly underfoot from the waves as he extended his arms out in a grandiose display.

All around them, the metal hulls of more than two hundred Fire Nation warships sailed all- sticking out from the waters like pitch black fins of mountain-sized sharks, cutting through the waters and in such numbers that there were more warships than horizon. Floating black citadels whose smoke stacks spewed columns of soot that rose up to choke the morning sky black; reinforced metal decks bustled with troops from the 3rd Army doing their combat drills, with more likely resting below deck. And somewhere at the tail of the fleet was Zuko's own smaller and much older Fire Nation Cruiser, chugging along.

Zhao shook his head, "So, honestly... is that any way to talk to an officer of my calibre? The first Grand Admiral in Fire Nation histo-"

*Clang*

A great dull thud of metal resounded through the salty sea air, and his fat uncle aimed an undignified pout at the nameless Lieutenant who slammed the observation deck door behind them.

Zuko ignored the byplay. He had more important and more frustrating things to worry about after all- like being forced to ask for permission to participate in an assault on a Nation's capital. His junker cruiser could only sustain the silent treatment of the Armada's captains for so long. And a warship that could coordinate neither its positioning nor its resupply with the rest of the fleet was a warship that was soon to sink. That was especially true in the hostile iceberg-riddle waters of the Northern Sea.

All because the captains were commanded to do so by their admiral. The same one who he was staring down right at moment.

'I don't care about your made up title, I'm still your prince.' Zuko wanted to spit back at Zhao, but held it in. The entire Fire Nation- from lowly captains to his own father- had made it clear how little that title was worth to them now. He was going to remind him anyway, but his uncle's palm met his back in a far too friendly slap.

"Oh, please excuse my nephew, Grand Admiral Zhao!" the old coot laughed, "He is just in awe of the fleet you've assembled. It made him so nervous that he forgot his manners! That's why we waited so patiently for a meeting with you- he wouldn't ever miss the chance to join your Armada by asking politely. Didn't you, nephew?"

The last part was just a strained whisper.

Zuko ground his teeth, knowing what his uncle was reminding him. He didn't like begging, didn't like getting forced to do things either, but more than those two, he definitely did not like being forced to beg. More specifically, begging to be included in a siege that he should have had every right to participate in the first place! But his time travelling with his fat uncle had taught him that- in the rare times when he wasn't being a happy old fool- he sometimes had a point, and this was one of those times: This was still Zhao's Armada and still his decision to permit him to join.

Zuko bowed low. Not easily, but he did. "Yes... congratulations on your well-deserved promotion, Grand Admiral Zhao." He forced out, each syllable like chewing glass. And not wanting to stay in a bow to this condescending piece of hippo-ox droppings, he went straight to the point, "I misspoke, what I meant to say was that I have come to ask you to permit me a part in your siege of the North Pole."

"And with my nephew, I offer my services as your military advisor as well." His uncle Iroh spoke up as well with a bow, tipping the scale further in his favour. Zuko appreciated that very much.

"So, you can be polite to your betters." The grand admiral hummed, scratching his great side burn and smiling magnanimously, "My immediate answer would have been no, and bar you from the AO on pain of death... But how can I refuse military counsel from the Dragon of the West himself? Yes, now that I think about it, your participation in this battle will only elevate the legendary status of the inevitable battle. The Grand Admiral Zhao the Magnificent. Gathering all the heroes past of the Fire Nation... Yes, that sounds fitting. But."

His smile turned into a glower as he marched straight at him, red cape billowing, and stopped only a single pace away. Their difference in height was highlighted- the admiral being a full head taller than him. Back straight, shoulder broader. And for that moment at least, Zuko felt like he was standing before an actual admiral- it made him wonder if that was Khan's influence rubbing off on the admiral.

Zhao looked him straight in the eye. "This is my Armada. My Siege." His voice was low but steady, "You can have your share of the glory of conquering the Northern Water Tribe, but any hint of insubordination- a single toe out of line- and I will see you punished. Do I make myself clear?"

His uncle didn't step in for him this time. They both knew it was up to him now. He was so close... yet so far. He couldn't give up now.

"If that is what it takes to join the siege, then I'll follow your every command, admiral." Zuko lied, earning narrowed amber-eyes from the admiral, but he met it without flinching.

For a long few breaths, only Zhao's narrowed amber eyes probing him for lies, and the sound of waves crashing against the battleship's hull, until finally. He nodded, "Very well. Consider yourselves formally part of the Grand Admiral Zhao the Magnificent's Armada."

Iroh grinned. "Thank you, Grand Admiral, it will be a great honour serving with you."

Zuko just kept in a bow to hide his disgust. He didn't have the same acting skill as his uncle had and he was already sick of hearing 'Zhao the Magnificent' talk.

"Oh, the honour is all mine," Zhao said proudly, all self-confident smiles again, "And don't worry, general. You're going to have an easy time as my military advisor. There's not much left for you to advise me on! But and the more witness testimonies I can gather to its efficacy of my grand master plan to defeat the Water Tribe once and for all, the better! And who knows? Perhaps Zuko here will finally see what competence looks like from watching his superiors in action."

"Yes, it is a clever plan!" Iroh nodded with an appeasing smile, "I don't think even I would have thought of something so daring!"

As Zuko expected, the blatant flattery was apparently very effective- the 'grand' admiral practically puffed his armoured chest out in pride, "It is, isn't it?! Ahaha!" He guffawed, "What do you think, General Iroh? Would it be worthy of the history books? Would they mention my stroke of strategic genius for decades to come? No, centuries even!"

"Definitely! Assembling this Armada is a feat so great that even if this was to somehow fail, it'd still be a notable achievement!"

And just as quickly, a frown immediately replaced Zhao's smile. "I have assembled a Fire Nation Armada so large that even the Fire Lord Sozin fleet is dwarfed in comparison to this; and, more importantly, I am personally leading it. This siege will not and cannot fail."

"Grand admiral," Iroh's tone was solemn and warning, "As your military advisor, consider this as my first piece of advice: No plan is completely fireproof. You need to be more careful or else it would burst into ash in your own hands."

"I suppose you would know a thing or two about snatching defeat from the jaws of victory, wouldn't you, General?" The grand admiral said with a sigh. "Suffice to say, this won't be anything like your failure at Ba Sing Se. The Fire Nation have advanced the craft of shipbuilding greatly since our last major assault into Water Tribe seas. Our hulls are thicker, engines stronger, and our crews filled with veterans who have seen combat on and offshore. My victory is already assured, General, it only waits for me to reach out and pry it from the Water Tribe savages' feeble hands."

"But my uncle is right, Zhao." Zuko countered with taunting edge to his voice. Turnabout is fair play after all. "About your plan possibly falling apart- it might have started already from what I've heard."

"Oh? And what gossip have you heard over a fire, Zuko?"

Zuko's lips tightened into a line. "Mostly about Commander of the 41st Division." He told the older man, "There are rumours floating around how your giant bit off more than he could chew. How he and his division failed in their mission, and that the Northern Water Tribe capital still stands strong even after their surprise attack."

"Ah yes," Zhao rolled his eyes, "I'm sure that the Fire Lord would have appreciated it very much if the commander had managed to do the flagrantly impossible and conquer one of the Four Nations' capitals with only a thousand men, but I naturally wasn't hinging my entire plan on it- that would have been moronic. Although… that would explain why you thought that was the likeliest explanation."

Zuko bristled at that, but let it slide. Water Tribe igloos getting blasted into oblivion didn't concern him, no, what he was more concerned about was one thing and one thing alone.

"The Avatar." He asked the admiral directly. "What's your plan for dealing with him?"

Zhao raised a disinterested eyebrow, "And why would I ever share that information with you?"

"Because…" Zuko didn't have an answer to that.

"-Because, grand admiral," Uncle Iroh stepped up between them as if to shield him from the admiral's question, speaking with his wise-old-man voice, "...the Avatar's possible contribution to a battle can never be discounted, especially for a battle such as this. And, even if you two do not see eye to eye, now is not the time to withhold critical tactical information from fellow Fire Nation."

Zhao's amber eyes narrowed, looking down at Zuko. "Barely Fire Nation. But I suppose… Hm."

He turned his back to him again, obviously contemplating telling him or not as he stared at the horizon as if trying look beyond the line where the endless sea met the endless sky. To the Water Tribe Capital. To the Avatar.

"Our intel coming from the North Pole is sparse." Zhao admitted, "And our only source of it is currently the 41st Division."

"From Commander Khan..." Iroh nodded. "How recent is your intel, Grand admiral?"

"A few days old now, I am still awaiting his latest report. His last report detailed that the sneak attack was a massive success. All the arsenals and ships of those Water Tribe savages are now cinders; and their entire leadership has been captured including their head chieftain. What remains now in the Water Tribe capital should be inexperienced officers leading soldiers armed with makeshift weapons. The commander couldn't have given me a better window to attack than this. The Northern Water Tribe on a silver platter… All part of my plan, of course."

"But Agna Qel'a is still to home to tens of thousands, Admiral."

"Oh, I am aware of their numbers, General Iroh." Zhao laughed, the smile on his bearded face said that he was looking forward to it, "The tightly-packed nature of our enemy will just mean that our trebuchets' high explosives will be much more effective."

"But did Kh- Commander Khan's report say anything about the Avatar?" prompted Zuko.

Zhao glanced at him, "Khan's report mentioned that the Avatar, his entourage, and his sky-bison steed were all considerably injured in a recent battle against the commander, and will likely not participate in the land battles. And if fortune favours us, the Avatar will still be incapacitated when we arrive, however…"

"...Waterbending healers are the best in the Four Nations." Iroh finished, a cautioning tone reserved for the admiral. Then he nodded to Zuko, "It is one of the many reasons why our attacks on the Northern Water Tribe have never succeeded, nephew."

Zhao scoffed, "A non-factor in the siege: I doubt their Waterbending healing will do much against our generous stores of high explosive munitions. Perhaps their waterbending healing can put their soldiers back together, but I can assure you- they will have a hard time finding all the pieces."

"But it is still possible." Zuko spoke up, drawing the eyes of the two older men, "It's still possible that the Avatar this is when he's the most helpless he'll ever have been!"

"If he is still injured." Iroh reminded him.

"And if he has not been evacuated to the Earth Kingdom." Zhao nodded.

"If…" Zuko echoed. But that small ember of a chance was all he needed.

The Avatar was always agile, slippery and annoyingly cheerful whenever they crossed paths. But now, he was vulnerable, maybe even helpless. That kind of thing had just never happened before. He'd had that airbender cornered a few times, even came close once or twice, but his prey had never been noticeably injured- never been unable to fight or run. Both of which, the Avatar was very good at. But now? Now he was. And more than that, he had an Armada with him now- the advantage of overwhelming numbers. It was as if the stars had aligned to give him this chance to win him back his honour and finally grant him the one thing that will earn him the right to return home: the Avatar in chains.

"But before you get too excited, Zuko," Zhao interrupted, "Know that you won't be participating in the amphibious assault on the Water Tribe Capital."

"What?! But you just said that you're letting us join the Armada for the siege!"

"Grand Admiral Zhao, may I remind you-

"Let me finish, General." The older man rebutted, "Zuko is now part of my Armada, and he will have his rightful share of the honour and glory for partaking in this siege. I guarantee that for all men under my command," the admiral reassured, right before aiming a pointed look directly at Zuko, "...However, that doesn't mean that I'll simply trust that you can resist the temptation to steal the glory that is reserved for me."

Zuko met that stare head on, metal thudding as he stepped up to the admiral, stared him right in the eyes, "So what? You expect me to sit in the dark below deck and twiddle my thumbs?"

"No, Fire, no!" He chuckled, "In fact, I have a much more important job for you. Something that I cannot trust with anyone else."

"What? Head and Deck duty? Or maybe you want me to put on an apron and be one of your mess hall serv-"

"You are to attend to a very important guest. From the Fire Lord's court. Your father speaks quite fondly of her."

"That girl who had out-Azula'd Azula?" Zuko said, suddenly alert, "She's here? In the fleet?"

"An amusingly specific comparison; but yes, On this ship, actually." Zhao's mouth curled in a cruel smile, "And judging by that amusing expression of yours, her reputation precedes her."

"We've heard terrible rumours." Iroh said in a grim tone. "They say blood and ash pour out of the Fire Nation colonies in rivers because of her."

Zuko closed his mouth, jaw tense as he recalled what they've heard in the last Fire Nation colony port they've docked in.

Public mutilation of criminals, cruel and unusual tortures for mouthy Earth kingdom peasants, and of course, hundreds of pyres burning all across Fire Nation and its colonies as scores of alleged traitors were burnt at the stake. It was a nightmare. And although his father may have been the one to decree that public executions would be a national pastime, he was not all to blame for this... barbarism. No, from everything Zuko had heard, the true mastermind behind this sadistic bloodbath was supposedly the daughter of Giant himself. A Fire Nation girl so uncommonly cruel that the Fire Nation colonies had come up with a moniker just for her, one that Zuko heard in hushed whispers around the fire.

"Anya the Evil." Zuko said aloud.

Zhao rolled his eyes and scoffed, "I'd refrain from speaking that unfortunately unimaginative title. Honestly… 'Anya the Evil.' Those colonial hicks can't come up with a good title if it was spelled out in flames in front of them!"

"And you want me to be her bodyguard?" He asked the grand admiral.

"Lady Anya has no need for a bodyguard," Zhao replied, "And more importantly, I'm not asking you, Zuko, I'm commanding you. From this moment forth until the moment we sail away from a conquered Water Tribe capital, you will be her… 'executive assistant' shall we say."

"You mean her manservant."

"Not as dignified of a job description as I offered, but if that is what you prefer, I won't stop you." Zhao shrugged nonchalantly, "But as your new commanding officer, I do however have some advice for your new assignment."

Zuko's first instinct was to spit in his face, but pushed the urge aside, "I'm listening, sir."

"You see, Zuko…" The older man began, red cape billowing as he casually paced around him, "Anya has a rare gift. A gift for intuiting out traitors. She had personally caught six of them thus far: Four of them acting as informants for some pirate fleets and two for the Earth Kingdom. All executed. Suffice to say, Fire Lord Ozai favours her even more greatly at the moment."

"What are you trying to say?" Zuko said, glanced over his shoulder, and found the grand admiral's smile, wide and malicious.

"I'm saying… that if for whatever reason, she deems you or your actions traitorous, Fire Lord Ozai and I would be happy to accept her words alone as proof of your guilt. There will be no court martial, no legal defence, only your summary execution. And I'm sure Lady Anya will enjoy attending it as she did with all the others. So, watch your words… Or don't," Zhao chuckled, letting Zuko know that was exactly what he was hoping would happen. "But the good news is that if you have any complaints about your new assignment, you'll be able to voice them soon…. Because Anya be joining us any minute now."

"She is?!" Zuko tried to hide his alarm, not looking forward to the idea of meeting the girl who could call for his execution whenever she felt like it.

"Yes. But she does enjoy her walks around the ship in her search for traitors." Zhao chuckled. "Her rounds have been very helpful, I must say. I found the threat of execution keeps the men alert, productive and driven to show their loyalty."

A loud knocking resounded on the metal door to the bridge, and Zuko whipped around, almost jumping out of his skin.

"Ah, here she is now. Well, let her in, lieutenant."

"Yes, sir!"

Zuko watched her reach for the door and he stood up straighter, mind racing over a thousand different possibility about what was behind that door. Would she be a giant like her father? No, that couldn't be it. He'd heard that she was only his adopted daughter from what he could recall. But if the Giant hadn't adopted her for her size, then he definitely did it for something else. More likely she had impressed that barbaric giant with her own cruelty, and Zuko was sure that was even worse outcome. That same commander who had left mass graves and enslaved whole families as he rampaged through the Earth Kingdom, and somehow a little girl managed to impress him enough to get him to adopt her? Or more importantly, how else could Anya have manage to impress his father, THE Fire Lord Ozai, that neither he or his sister could?

How violent, bloodthirsty, and cruel girl could a girl be to deserve the epithet of 'Anya the Evil'?

Well, he was apparently about to find out.

The door creaked open slowly and a figure stepped onto the observation deck: Slender, beautiful, and noticeably older than him. Wearing a black dress that hugged her shape and brass headdress, she was definitely not the young girl that his uncle and himself had heard in the rumours. Blood red eyes swivelled to stare straight at him and his uncle- most likely because they were the strangers on this boat. Was this how the commoners felt when they were faced with royalty? With someone who could order their executions as casually as calling for tea?

But the scariest thing of all was not something that she did, but what his Uncle Iroh did.

His usually happy-go-lucky uncle suddenly tensed in alarm as if a full-fledged dragon had just stepped onto the deck with them. Eyes were wide open, his lips pressed together, and a deep and sudden inhale through his nostrils. He saw something about this woman- something big and cause for immediate concern. And Zuko didn't know what it was- all he could do was stand up straight and keep his cool.

"L-Lady Anya. It is a deep and true honour!"

"Eh? You think I'm Anya?" She tilted her head with the most guileless expression he'd ever seen.

"… What? If you're not Anya then-"

"Anya's down here!" Something pink and small hopped up and down beside the woman to catch his attention.

Zuko blinked, finding it hard to believe either his eyes or his ears. This child with short pink hair and big green eyes- one who couldn't have been older than five and didn't even reach past his waist- was claiming to be the infamous Anya the Evil? This was the frightening monster that had replaced his sister in his father's eyes? This was adopted daughter of the most barbaric commander in the Fire Nation Army? Her?

"Ehe! Anya is Anya! Scary just like Papa Khanmander! Hm hm hm!" The little girl nodded her head up and down excitedly as if hearing his thoughts before gesturing around her green eye. "Er… mister? I think you got some ketchup stains on your eye."

Before Zuko could even think of a reply, Zhao stepped forward, smiled. "Anya, Miss Yor. This is General Iroh." The grand admiral said, "He will be joining us as my military advisor for the upcoming siege."

"Oh, nice to meetcha!" Anya cheerfully said, bowing politely.

Iroh sent a wary look at the child's mother before returned the bow, smiling politely. "Likewise, Lady Anya."

"And this is his nephew, Zuko." The admiral smirked, "He's come a long way to talk to me."

"Nice to meetcha too!" Anya cheerfully beamed, "Are you a messenger? Did you come with a gift from Fire Lord Ozzy?!"
"Fire Lord… Ozzy?" Zuko echoed numbly. He let this girl give him a nickname?

"Mhm! He's the bestest and nicest Fire Lord ever! Mmm, but if you're not a messenger then… are you a general? Or another captain or a Lou Tenny?"

The question snapped him out of it and- more than anything else- made indignation flared up in him, "How can you not recognise your crown prince?"

"Crown prince?" Anya said, looking up at Zhao with a confused expression. "But I thought we can only have one crown prince, and Papa was gonna be it, Uncle Jao?"

"Technically, Zuko is still the crown prince by blood."

The fact that the admiral had to include 'technically' made Zuko fume. Because it was true.

"But that means..." The child stared up with big green eyes in complete surprise at him, "Your papa is Fire Lord Ozzy?! But he never thought- er, never talked about how he had a son! And Anya spent a lot of time with him!"

"An understandable reaction." Zhao chuckled, slapping Zuko's shoulder, "We prefer not to talk about him, and for good reason- Zuko here is a great embarrassment for the Fire Lord, and for the Fire Nation at large, as well."

"Oh, did he poop his pants or sumtin' in front of everyone?"

The admiral paused at the comment, looked over to him, then broke out in loud guffaw right in his face, "Hah! That is not an inaccurate analogy to what happened! Zuko did indeed 'poop his pants' in the political sense- right In front of the Fire Lord and his entire war council no less!"

Zuko gritted his teeth. That wasn't accurate at all! He just couldn't sit idly by as they threw away the lives of good Fire Nation soldiers, so he had to stand up to that general! Maybe he didn't do it in the right manner or at the right place, but he still had to! He stood up for his nation!

"Oh, that sounds really embarrassing." Anya nodded, looking at him with sympathy, "Anya gets why Fire Lord Ozzy never said anything about you now. But s'alright, Prince Juko! Not everyone can hold it in if they stand up too fast. Anya did it too when I was little!"

Predictably, Zhao blinked, then promptly doubled over in laughter, "Oh! Hahahaha! When 'she was little' she says! Comparing you to a toddler! Ahahaha!"

Zuko felt his cheeks burn, both in anger and embarrassment as the laughter continued to ring out. Even the Fire Nation Veterans, common Fire Nation folk who should be so far below him in station laughed at him! It burned so much that he could swear that he could hear Azula's laughter joining in too. His greatest shame, reduced to a joke by this pee-stained brat!

"Ah, but enough of that," Zhao said, wiping tears of mirth from his eyes. "Anya, Zuko here will be your new executive assistant, he'll be aiding you with whatever you require. So, please keep him busy for me."

"Really?!" Anya's face lit up. "This is going to be so much fun, Juko!"

Now named 'Juko' by his new boss, he glanced back to Zhao. "This is ridiculous. I am a prince, not a... a babysitter!"

"What was that?" the admiral innocently feigned deafness, "Clearly that could not have been you refusing a direct order from your superior officer, because that would have been insubordination. And insubordination- as you well know- carries heavy… consequences."

Zuko clenched his fists, but he knew better than to argue further. "I said 'As you command, Grand Admiral.' "

"Well, carry on then!" Zhao nodded, "General Iroh and I have much more pressing matters to discuss."

His uncle smiled reassuringly, "I'll be sure to bring you some tea, Zuko."

"Yay! Come on, Juko!" Anya said, grabbing his hand and pulling him back inside. "The ship needs your help- so much help!"

"Very well, Lady Anya." He grunted, "What do you need me to do?"

"You need to shell the peanuts!"

"The... peanuts?" Juko repeated, incredulous.

"Yes! They're my most favoritest food in the whole world! You're gonna love them!" Anya continued to chatter excitedly as she led him to a small corner of the ship, where a large sacks of unshelled peanuts.

"You want me to shell all of these?" Zuko looked at the pile, his heart sinking.

"Mhm! It's easy! Here, I'll show you." Anya said cheerfully. She picked up a peanut, cracked it open with a twist of her fingers, and handed the shelled peanuts to Juko. "See? Simple!"

Juko sighed and picked up a peanut, mimicking her movements. The shell cracked, but the nuts fell to the ground.

"It's okay, you'll get the hang of it!" Anya giggled.

"How much do you need?"

"For dinner, you just gotta fill up this lil sack!" She held up a sack as big as her. Clearly, it was going to take him the rest of the day just to fill it up.

"Don't we have galley hands who do this?"

"Oh! The last galley hand was working for the evil Earthbender King." Anya nodded solemnly, or at least, as solemnly as an excited six-year-old with a story to tell could, "He was hiding these secret messages and little rocks in our surply boxes so that earthbenders could find them when we traded with the merchies. I found out and caught him with his hand in his cookie jar, so he tried to hit me with his fire, but Mama was faster and a lot cooler too!"

"Oh, it was nothing," Her mother, this 'Yor' woman, smiled serenely. "The spy was very slow."

"Mhm! Mama poked some holes in him!"

Zuko was also leery about this demurely smiling woman in the black dress. Having Azula as his sister, he knew what a scheming glint in someone's eyes looked like. And this 'Yor' woman didn't seem to be a hint of guile in her red eyes. In fact, she looked the opposite of threatening! He would have discounted her if not for how the rumour mill was full of gossip about the commander's preference of surrounding himself with a specific type of women: the intimidating kind. His lieutenant, the Kyoshi Warriors and that Shirshu bounty hunter. If this woman followed the pattern then she was definitely dangerous in some way. Dangerous enough to spook his uncle.

"Mama is a master assassassin!" Anya said unprompted and excited, "Even Fire Lord Ozzy was impressed that Mama can fight like a thousand pirates at the same time!"

The master assassin blushed, "Well, not a thousand, more like 600 or was it 500? Large jobs blur after 300."

"And then! And then! We exexuted him!" Anya jumped up and down with an excited smile, "Uncle Jao tied him to a trebuchet and I gave him some peanuts to plant on the moon! He didn't make it all the way there, but the explosion was really pretty! Anya can't wait for the next one! We'll make next traitor reach the moon for sure!"

Bright green eyes looked up at him expectantly as she beamed, as if daring for him to give her a reason to execute him.

"…I'll get these peanuts ready for you by dinner, Lady Anya."

"Yay! Thanks a bunch, Juko! I'll see you later!"

Naturally, he accepted: He wasn't about to start a fight with this bloody-handed child of all people over some peanuts.

"Yes, do your best, Prince Zuko!" Yor cheered along with her daughter.

"Mama, is there some blood on Anya's hands?" Zuko heard the child ask her mother as they exited the pantry, shutting the door in his face and leaving him in a claustrophobic closet space bathed in red light. His only company were a tiny metal stool and the heavy sack-fulls of peanuts he needed to shell.

"This is to get close to the Avatar…" He told himself as he sat down and got to work- peanut shells cracking under his fingers. It felt that he was closer to it finally happening than any of his encounters with the Avatar before, and that was enough to spur him on.

Just another task necessary to capture the Avatar- to come home. And no amount of those annoying Water Tribe peasants were going to stand in his way.


[Agna Qel'a]

The sun cast a golden glow over the glistening waters of the training grounds. Women of all ages, clad in blue parkas, practised their waterbending- some with concentration and others with frustration.

Katara smiled, it was a good sign that they were following in her footsteps. She called out, "Remember, ladies, feel the push and pull of the water, water is not just a tool but an extension of your bodies- you yourselves are part of the flow!"

Hands clasped behind her, she walked along the edge of the training grounds, watching her recruits practise with pride. Her heart swelled with it as she watched the way their graceful movements flowed alongside the water with confidence that hadn't been there when they had first started. It was amazing how far they'd come. But Katara guessed that she could say the same about herself. From being bound by traditions that deemed them unworthy of War to becoming fierce warriors ready to defend their homeland. And she knew that these women were not just her recruits; what she was seeing was the future for Agna Qel'a- for the Water Tribe.

"Fantastic work, everyone!" Katara clapped her hands, her voice carrying across the courtyard. "Let's call it a wrap for today! Gather around!"

Water splashed to the icy ground, followed by the women shuffling into a crowd in front of her to deposit themselves to the floor panting. Today's training had been tough, but now it was done, they could relish in the camaraderie of shared bitter work. And as she looked out at the crowd of girls and women sitting and chatting and laughing in a sea of blue parkas. Katara felt like it was a tribe within a tribe. A family within a family. Something special. Something precious.

"Speech!" came the shout from the crowd.

"Really?" Katara laughed, "Okay, okay. I guess I can make a speech."

"It's hard to believe how much has changed in such a short time. Just a few months ago, we were still bound by traditions that kept us out of the army. I'm sure when some of you were younger, you'd remember watching your brothers and cousins train and wish you could join them. And some of you likely remember feeling that it was so unfair that your abilities were overlooked just because we were women. And now, here we are, training as warriors. It's like a dream come true. We finally get a chance to defend our home with the men! And I'm sure some of you think that you have me to thank for that."
"Yeah!" "Go Katara!"​

Katara smiled, shaking her head. "Well, it wasn't just me. It was all of us. I was only able to convince Master Pakku because girls like us are actually capable! Just as capable. Maybe more capable than the guys! I fought Master Pakku even when I knew I'd lose. Because standing up for yourself is always the right thing to do! And I believe everyone here should do that!"
The group fell silent for a moment, soaking up the words. Then, someone raised her water flask in a toast. "To Katara, and to all of us. May we drink to the Fire Nation's bones when we come back after showing the world what we're capable of!"

"Yeah!"​

The women raised their flasks, the sound of their cheers echoing across the training grounds. As the fire crackled and the stars began to twinkle in the night sky to the almost full moon, Katara knew for sure that they were all going to be alright.

"Katara! Katara! Katara!"​


(Sometime later)

Zuko didn't know how much time had past by the time a knock came from the door, only that the discarded peanut shells on the floor had formed a pile by then.

As for the person knocking, he just grunted in annoyance- he knew just who it was. "It's a pantry, uncle; You don't have to knock."

Just as he had guessed, the door swung open to let his fat uncle through.

A grey eyebrow raised on his uncle's wrinkled forehead as he looked around the pantry with lukewarm confusion. "This is quite the treasure horde of peanuts, Prince Zuko." His uncle serenely commented, sitting down on the floor… and of course, pulled out a complete tea set from his sleeve. The porcelain of three teacups clinked as he set them down and began to pour some tea.

Zuko hated how he must have looked: The Prince of the Fire Nation, sitting on a sad little stool in a sad little room surrounded by nothing but nuts. Humiliating.

"Anya likes peanuts." He said, not even look up from his peanut shelling, "She likes it so much that she threatened me with a trebuchet execution if I refused to deshell her peanuts. Did you manage to talk Zhao into let me participate in the siege?"

"The grand admiral is still convinced that you are a threat to his operation."

"He's not wrong." Zuko grunted, cracking a peanut in his fist, "This could be my one chance to catch the Avatar helpless."

"Yes, it very well could." nodded his uncle.

"Then you know that I'm not going to let this chance slip away."

He smiled an understanding smile, "I know, Prince Zuko. I know. In the years that we've travelled together in search of the Avatar, you've never once let a chance to capture the Avatar slip away. Not when you had a choice, at least."

His uncle offered him a steaming hot cup of tea, and Zuko readily accepted- the feel of smooth, warm porcelain was a welcome change to the rough peanut shells. He took a sip and And the warmth was even more welcome, the air was already getting cooler as they travelled closer to the North Pole and he knew it'd only get even colder, especially in the city he'd capture the Avatar. But… "I don't have a choice." He whispered to Iroh, "This is the only way to regain my honour."

"Do you have a plan?"

With a grunt, he set down his teacup and went back to shelling peanuts. "I'm working on it, Uncle."

His uncle watched him shell those peanuts, and they both knew that he didn't have one just yet. Iroh let out a deep sigh, "Even if you snuck out of this ship, and captured the Avatar in the middle of the assault, then what? Here you are toying with treason and dancing with the threat of execution, and you haven't even thought it through! One misstep and they wouldn't think twice of launching you from a trebuchet!"

"I know this is my destiny."

"How can you know what is your destiny when you have not even stopped to ask yourself the important questions?" His Uncle Iroh frowned in disappointment. "Who are you? What do you want? And what would bring you peace? You have already been shown the answer back in Pohuai, but still you force an answer that was never yours!"

Zuko didn't know why it hurt, so he just let his anger push it aside. "And what would that be, Uncle?" he shot back. "Playing the tsungi horn, dancing, and singing like some vagrant?!"

He met his uncle's eyes. The old man didn't back down, but he did lower his voice with another sigh.

"There is no shame in living a life of peace, Prince Zuko," His uncle said evenly, "Your mother, despite your my brother's disapproval, was a patron of the arts, and she…"

"Don't you bring her into this, Uncle!"

"…She would have been so proud to hear that you played so well."

"Shut up! Just shut up!" Zuko grunted, pushing away his mother's smiling face from his thoughts. "I need to do this, Uncle!"

The much older man just bowed his head, "Yes… I believe that you must." His uncle said, carefully refilling their teacups- the flowery scent of jasmine tea wafting in the small pantry as they settled down. His uncle sipping his tea, and him shelling the peanuts. It was only a few minutes of sweet silence before his uncle spoke again, "It occurred to me that I had been meaning to ask you a question, Prince Zuko. It had been insensitive to ask so early into your hunt for the Avatar; and in my old age, the question slipped my mind until now. What do you think is my brother's reasoning behind banishing you to search for the Avatar?"

He had been ready to lash out again, but the question was... not something he had expected. Zuko didn't look up from the peanut in his hand as he muttered, "… Do you know, uncle?"

"I don't," Iroh said, "I know how my brother is, but we do not speak much outside of matters of the Fire Nation."

"Well, he didn't tell me either. Only that I have to return with the Avatar if I want to return at all. So that's what I'll do."

"But what do you believe it is?"

"Why do you ask?" Zuko aimed a pointed look with his scarred eye. But his fat uncle just smiled serenely over his teacup.

"Indulge your old uncle."

"I'm not even sure anymore…" Zuko quietly admitted. "Would I even recognise the Fire Islands once I'm back? It's been close to three years now. I wonder if my father had changed as well. I thought it was hard to think that things would change that much in my exile, but if the rumours are right… So much has changed."

Peanut shell cracked again, the nuts slipping through his fingers and pattering on the floor.

"The Fire Nation's sick new policy on public executions is proof of that. Somehow and someway, father has taken advice from the Giant's daughter."

That little blood-soaked child and her adoptive father who had taken over as chief coordinator for the Commemorations, they had free reign to change things since they were so close to his father, the Fire Lord. He could only imagine what those two had done in his absence, what things they had whispered into his father's ear. Anya had already convinced him to pass that grisly new policy on public executions. What other things could she had convince him to do? If the colonies were anything to go by, the water around the Fire Islands would be red with blood by now. What horrific state had she left the Fire Islands in?

Would his father still recognise him? …Would he still recognise his father?





(Meanwhile) [Imperial Capital, Fire Islands]

The noon sun shone hot over the Fire Nation that day, almost as hot as the shouts and roars of kicks and swings that echoed through the arena air.

But at this moment in time, the sounds have stilled.

Fire Lord Ozai sat on his ornate throne of brass and dark ash wood, peering over the edge of his overlook… a thousand eyes stared up at him, peasantry and noble clans alike. Sweat running down their faces as they awaited his judgement- they all knew he had the final word. Even the unfortunates who had been battling it out for his entertainment knew better than to utter a word as they stood on the hot sands of the arena below.

His lips quirked in amusement as he drank in their anxiety for a moment- captive audience at the edge of their seats, then he extended his hand outwards and thumbs up.

The crowd roared their delight to his sound judgement (as they rightly should) and the referees' voice rose over the crowd's clamour, "The call on the sand is correct, point for the Ember Island Turtle-Crabs!"

Roar of a grateful crowd resounded, and the Kuai Ball game continued with a renewed fire. Another judgement well done.

Ozai, still shirtless and in his red swim trunks, reclined back onto his throne as he put on his 'sunglasses' as the commander had called them. An invention for his troops to counter a phenomenon called 'snow blindness' in the arctic. But it was quite useful for sunny days on the beach as well. More than half of his Imperial court wore a pair now. But his was the first Khan had made, and was lined with gold as well- very regal.

Ever since the Great War commemorations, he and the rest of his court had developed a fondness for spectating various sports whilst lounging at the beach. Sports and games seemed to pair well with his Red Bull. Especially Kuai Ball.

It was a perfect, bright sunny day in the Fire Nation capital for it. Young men and women, all fresh recruits, striking a ball over a net back and forth on the beach to encourage a culture of strong soldiers, healthy competition and utter obedience to the decisions of a higher authority- specifically his. It also had the advantage of being absent of the tedious formalities of Agni Kai. Disappointingly less violent, but the fact that his judgement often decided who triumphed was a notable point in its favour. Anya used to delight in performing the judgements, until she convinced him to do it once, then he understood the appeal. All in all, it was a welcome distraction while his tea room was still under renovation, and also made the tedium of courtly affairs more bearable until the time came to bring bad news to his attention.

"Fire Lord Ozai, your majesty, we bring bad tidings."

… Like right now.

Some of his Palace Guard with their red robes, bowed heads and sorry expressions shuffled up to the side of his throne.

The empty can of Red Bull crumpled in his grip. "You have travelled far from your posts in the Royal Palace to come and interrupt my game," Fire Lord Ozai said, his voice like the rumble of distant thunder, promising a storm. They shifted uncomfortably under his intense gaze as he glowered. "For your sakes, there had better be a good reason."

A trembling guard in red armour stepped forward- the elected spokesperson by his superiors. "Y-Your Majesty," he stammered, bowing deeply. "A thousand apologies for interruption to your entertainment. But there is news of great concern. Princess Azula... she has escaped from the dungeons."

The Fire Lord's eyes narrowed, and the temperature in the royal booth rose with his anger. "Escaped?" he repeated, each syllable dripping with his displeasure. "How was this allowed to happen?"

The guard swallowed hard, his throat dry. "As instructed by your eminence, the guards had refrained from speaking or laying our eyes upon her and as such, had not noticed that the princess had apparently… replaced herself with a mannequin until this morning. The warden noticed her food has gone untouched for days now. We have yet to identify the accomplices who had helped sneak the dummy into her cell."

His grip tightened on the armrests of his throne, the ash wood creaking under the pressure. "Interrogate the warden. Thoroughly." He commanded, "Whether it's collusion or mere stunning incompetence, either deserves a stern rebuke. As for my daughter… she not only defy me by turning her back to her duty as Fire Nation, but to also collude with rebellious scum?"

The ministers exchanged uneasy glances, knowing full well the depths of the Fire Lord's wrath. One of the Fire Sages, a wizened man with a long, white beard and flowing red robes stepped forward cautiously. "Your Majesty, Princess Azula has always been strong-willed. Perhaps if we send a contingent of our best trackers, we can bring her back swiftly and avoid further complications."

His eyes flicked towards the advisor, the flames in the braziers flaring higher as if responding to his emotions. "Do not speak of her willfulness as if it were a virtue," he snapped. "Her recklessness has already come at a considerable cost for me. Send word to all the ports in the surrounding islands. I want her found and brought back to face the consequences of her actions. And… triple the guards for the cellars guarding the remaining Red Bull casks. Inform them that their lives are now bound to those casks, if any those casks are to be broken, so will their bodies."

"Yes, my Fire Lord!" The guards and ministers bowed deeply, their voices a chorus of compliance.

"Now begone." Ozai shook his head in disgust.

As the throne booth emptied save for his Royal Guard, his gaze fixed on the game that continued below. The Water Tribe will be pacified in a few days- the icy crown of the world claimed in his name. Very fitting, but even that seemed small now. It all did. Conquest of an entire world…What a fool he had been to have aspired for something so small. But now, his eyes had been opened, and he knew that he was destined for so much more. Yes, immortality was his Destiny. What a shame then that his children were unworthy of it.

The more he pondered over the subject of his daughter, the more he was certain that Khan must be bound to him and to his bloodline.

His children had most certainly not lived up to the simple expectations he had set for them: All he had asked from those two was a satisfying closure to the Great War. He had even been prepared to grant them command of entire armies or fleets- he almost had with Azula and her Omashu siege plan before she became a bumbling shell of her former self. Certainly, he acknowledged that his son and daughter only wished to please him, but so were Khan and Anya. The difference was that his future son-in-law and his bright, adoptive daughter actually understood how to gain his favour- with wide swathes of captured Earth Kingdom territory and effective policies of tyrannical cruelty. Whereas, Zuko and Azula were failures in different ways- a limp-wrist weakling and a hysterical, shrieking flutter-bat. Disappointments, both of them.

Clearly, it was due to them having taken after his ex-wife. To think the aftershocks of that shrew's poor child-rearing would still hound him to this day…

Ozai growled as he cracked open another Red Bull and settled back into his throne. "Flame take my ex. May she trip into a volcano for raising our progeny to be such incomparable failures."


"Yes... my father believes in me, and he always did." Zuko said to his uncle who was quietly listening with his tea. "And I don't doubt that for one second! He might not have thought I was ready to be the heir, but he knew that I could still make him proud. If he thought differently, then he would have just banished me without a condition to return. This banishment, this chase for the Avatar… It's all just a big test to prove that I'm still worthy of being crown prince of our people again!"
"Mmm." His uncle hummed, refraining from commenting on it as he refilled their cups again.

But this time, Zuko noticed something unusual. "…Uncle, why did you bring three teacups?"

His uncle remained silent, simply stared down into his teacup, his jaw tensed as if he wasn't sure of something, and Zuko knew that was always a bad sign, "Someone else approached me." He revealed, "Someone who wishes to help you in your quest for the Avatar."

Knocks rapped against the metal door, and Zuko didn't know why… but he had a really bad feeling about who was behind that door.


- Family, War Criminals and Traitors End -​


~ Chapter 29 - Converging Shadows ~​

~In which… The Royal Family have a heart-to-heart talk about honour, treason and lays down the plan to get Khan killed. Khan reaches the power spike that he had been working towards for so long. And Suki and Kyoshi Warriors enact the sneakiest plan they had ever come up with, just as the Northern Water Tribe Army marches off to their 'inevitable' victory. ~

~ Chapter 30 - When the Snow Starts Honking in Ostrich-Horse ~​

~In which… The might of the Northern Water Tribe goes against a well-prepared 41st Division and an optimally-levelled Khan. And, the smiling execution-loli arrives with her 200 hundred warships and all her thousands of grizzled war veteran friends arrive to make the Northern Water Tribe really, really sorry for being evil Waterbenders.~

Coming Soon for Public Release!​

AN:

This chapter occurs between the episodes... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 18 - The Waterbending Master) and (ATLA Book 1, Episode 19 - The Siege of the North).

Behold, the stuff of Aang's/Azula's/Zuko's nightmares… Beach Dad Ozai! He's living his best life despite his divorce. We'll see how his ex-wife is faring in a bit as well.

So many people are confused about Azula… being in the Armada in Chapter 25. That was her- right at the start of Chapter 24- who was being supplied "a false name and rank."

Anya's appearance has been minimised… Because I know some people don't like her. Truth of the matter is that Burn the World Down is a very different fic than what I had first set out to write. But I'm afraid I had already committed- the Murder-Loli is here to stay.

Double release this week… For narrative purposes, it needs to be two chapters. But we're finally moving to the siege!
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like LikeReport
Like Reactions:You, Ghjikl, Michael_1992 and 1,383 others
Infonticus
Aug 11, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 28 - Converging Shadows
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Oct 23, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,924
Chapter 28 - Converging Shadows

~In which… The Royal Family have a heart-to-heart talk about honour, treason and lays down the plan to get Khan killed. And Katara has one last talk with Aang before marching off to their victory… right as Khan reaches the power spike that he had been working towards for so long. ~


[Zhao's Flagship]

"You?"

Zuko felt the tension steam off his body when the door to his tiny, peanut-smelling pantry opened and a Fire Nation soldier stepped inside, peanut shells cracking under her red armoured boots. The signature red and black armour of a Fire Nation Navy Firebender was a relief compared to someone like the resident traitor-hunter. Zuko figured that she was likely from the Eastern Fleet- having chaffed under the way the 'Grand Admiral' was running things compared to Admiral Chan. It was the most likely explanation; but looking at her, he still couldn't help but feel that little prick of suspicion at the back of his mind.

"Please, have a seat." His uncle just gave a friendly smile as he offered her the only other stool in the pantry, "I'm just brewing a fresh batch of jasmine tea. It will help with the cold."

"Thanks… I'd like that."

"From what I've heard, it is unexpectedly colder in the North Pole, I'll advise Zhao to have the troops gear up slightly in advance…" His uncle said, the porcelain clinked softly as he prepared the tea, and wisps of steam rose from the teapot and mingled with the lantern's light.

Zuko very patiently waited for them to get on with the pleasantries- just listening to the distant, rhythmic hum of the ship's engines vibrated through the walls, a constant reminder of their place in the heart of the Fire Nation's Armada. Or more specifically, Grand Admiral Zhao's Armada. He ground his teeth as he noticed that his uncle and the soldier were content to just watch the teapot brew. And taking the chance to give her a second glance, he recognised the lieutenant- one of Zhao's personal guards actually.

Finally tired of waiting, Zuko prompted, "Do you have a name, soldier?"

She looked up, and that feeling of suspicion pricked at him again.

"I do." She said simply. Then she reached up.

Zuko watched as her armoured hands lifted off the helmet, and raven black hair spilled out. And as the helmet came away, he almost stumbled back from his tiny stool as he saw a face that he hadn't seen in years- not since that day he had left home. Her eyes like molten gold- the same shade as his- looked at him, inset in an angular face with his father's noble cheekbones. He knew that face- haunted his dreams more than a few times over the years.

"Nothing to say?" Her unpainted lips quirked in a small smile. Her voice hadn't changed since he last heard it, but noticeably missing that mocking undercurrent that he had been so familiar with. In fact, the smile was almost fond, bittersweet, as she met eyes with him, "Have you truly been away for so long that you can't even recognise your own sister anymore, Zuzu?"

He didn't reply, still staring at her.

"I know this all very sudden, Zuko…" She murmured, subdued in a way he'd never seen her before, "And I know you're still suspicious of me, so before we get down to business, let me just say… I'm sorry. For how I treated you in the past. I'm sorry for that."

"You're saying that you're a lot of things…" He said when he finally found his voice, "But you're not my sister. Azula would never do the unthinkable and…"

"Look so desperate?" She suggested with a self-deprecating laugh, "Come to you for help?"

"Apologise," he muttered. The Azula he knew would never apologise, especially not with any sincerity. So, the girl sitting before him, with those sad golden eyes, couldn't possibly be his sister. Never in a million years.

"… for what it counts, I really am sorry." Azula admitted, cradling his uncle's jasmine tea that she had sworn to hate all those years ago, "I know I said and did a lot of mean things. But… I need your help, brother. And from what Uncle has told me, you need mine."

Alarm bells just kept ringing at her innocent act. An entire childhood of his scheming sister's plots clued him into it. Azula would never talk about needing help. But more than that, she'd never admit it, "No."

"No?"

"What kind of trick are you pulling this time? I know father imprisoned you after you disobeyed him. If you think you're going to steal the Avatar from me, think again, Azula!"

"Prince Zuko, that was uncalled for! Your sister has been through a lot!" Iroh put his fat bulk between them.

"No, Uncle." She said quietly, "It's alright. I do kind of deserve this suspicion. You were suspicious too when I first approached you."

Her gold eyes looked at him with a type of anger that he'd never seen before, "You think I'm after the glory of capturing the Avatar? The parades, the feasts, even the claim to the Throne of the Fire Lord? No! Tou can have it all, Zuko! What I want is for things to go back to before that Khan came along with his elixirs; and with him, That Child tricked father into favouring her while he tossed me- his own daughter- in the dungeon! For once, this isn't about you and your mistakes! It's about mine! And I just… I just want my life back!"

Her shout rang in his ears in the enclosed space of the pantry, and he realised why her anger was so different- even her temper seemed so unfamiliar now- less malicious than the temper he'd seen when they were younger, and more steeped in genuine hurt. Her gold eyes glanced away in shame.

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't yell…"

"It's okay, niece… His uncle rested a hand on her shoulder before looking over to him, "… Prince Zuko, Azula wouldn't lie. Not about this."

'Azula wouldn't lie.' The words just didn't click together for Zuko. And it just showed how his uncle didn't grow up with her. Barely spent a year with them in the royal palace, and even then, not that often. He didn't know Azula like he did. Yet, she'd never do this. And Zuko was faced with the possibility that his sister had really changed. Maybe. It was getting really hard to tell. And yet… if it really was true… if Azula really had been changed…

"… Azula," His voice came out a soft whisper, "What happened to you in the capital?"

She looked away, "There's no time to tell you all the sordid details. Explaining it once to Uncle was enough."

"What they did to you was monstrous…" Iroh whispered. "I'll do whatever I can to make things right. I promise."

To Zuko, Azula getting a taste of her own medicine sounded like something from his dream. But from his uncle's tone, it wasn't pretty. And for the first time in his life, he felt like a jerk for yelling at his sister.

Azula sighed. "Listen, either turn me down or we work together. Just make a decision quick, Zuko, we only have so much time before someone notices I've abandoned my post. I'll help you capture the Avatar and redeem yourself in the eyes of father. And in return, you'll help me get things back to the way they were."

His Honour… How else was he supposed to answer?

"I'm in. Let's do it- let's work together." Zuko nodded to his sister, and his uncle gave a small smile of approval.

"Do you already have a plan, niece?" his uncle prompted, and Azula nodded.

"I have… two things that point us in the right direction." She began; and from her pocket, she produced a stack of papers and handed it to him. "This is the latest intel report from the North Pole made by my betrothed."

With a soft flutter of papers, she laid the pages all out on the dark metal floor amongst the scattered peanut shells.

The sheer number of them told a story that Commander Khan was nothing but detailed. Maps of the roads and waterways, points of interest highlighted, sketches of the city defences, and recommendations on how to overcome them. There were even portraits of high value targets- the chief waterbender healer, the Water Tribe peasant siblings and their master 'Pakku'. Yes, on these pages were everything that the Armada needed to effortlessly take the Water Tribe capital…

… or for them to capture the Avatar from right under Zhao's nose.

"What do you think, Uncle?" prompted Azula.

Their Uncle Iroh remained silent for a moment, simply sipping his steaming jasmine tea, his golden eyes scanning the pages with a focus Zuko rarely saw- a rare glimpse of the legendary general once known as 'The Dragon of the West.' Finally, Iroh spoke, "His division is low on supplies and outnumbered ten-to-one; and yet… he's not requesting for further orders. In fact, the commander seems to be informing Zhao about how best to proceed. Very interesting."

"I should have known that it wasn't Zhao's plan, given what the Armada's secret weapon is." Zuko sighed, before feeling a satisfied smirk on his lips. "But this is good to know. Caught lying in front of father… It was good to know that they had blackmail material.

"Yes, yes. It's all my betrothed's plan…" Azula rolled her eyes impatiently, "We can put this blackmail material to use once we're back home."

"Right…" Zuko grunted, looking down at the scattered papers, "Are we supposed to read through all this to find what we're looking for?"

"No need, it is right here, Prince Zuko." His Uncle Iroh tapped a fat finger on a specific page among the mess, and continued, "The 41st Division is drawing out the entire ground forces of the Northern Water Tribe. We have a small window of time- between Khan distracting the Water Tribe Army and Zhao fully occupying the city- when the Avatar will be the least guarded than he's ever been."

"The best time for us to capture the Avatar." Zuko whispered under his breath.

"I also have something else too." Azula fished something out her other pocket, and there in her armoured palm, lay a small grooved piece of metal. "This is a mold of Admiral Zhao's seal. With this, we can issue any command to the 41st Division, and they'll have to follow. I just managed to nick it when you two arrived. And Zuko? We'll need your ship as a backup plan. Inform your crew- people you potentially trust- that I might drop by."

"I'll tell Lieutenant Jee to expect you…" Zuko grunted. "Not like there's any place in the North Pole where you can land it."

"An escape plan is always useful, brother."

"Whatever you say…" He considered the little piece of metal in her hand for a moment and asked, "What were you planning to do with the seal?"

"You tell me, Zuzu," Azula smiled, "Uncle's the general, and you're the expert at chasing the Avatar. If anyone can find a way to deal with Khan and also help us get to the Avatar, it would be you two."

"The Fire Nation- maybe even the Four Nations- will be better off without a barbarian rampaging on it."

"Glad that we're all in agreement that my betrothed needs to die."

"All?" Zuko repeated with a jolt as he realised something. He whipped his head towards his uncle, "You too, uncle? I didn't think you'd approve of this."

The older man lowered his head as if ashamed, "Immortality is a pill that humankind is not ready to swallow," he tiredly rasped, "I have seen what even the hope of it to the best of us, and I can only imagine what it would drive the worst to do. This course of action… it's not one I would ever counsel; but sometimes, the path of least bloodshed is still stained, and we can do nothing but carry on, even as it leads us through a dark tunnel. The lure of eternal life is too great a temptation. A path too perilous to be walked…"

His wrinkled eyes looked down into his teacup, lips pressed together as if it pained him to say the next words.

"… A tea, far too dangerous to be brewed."

Their tiny pantry fell silent at that. If their tea-obsessed uncle said that, then he had to be serious.

Azula continued in the silence left by their uncle, solemnly whispering, "Yes, it would be best if my betrothed- and any dreams of an Elixir of Immortality- never leave the arctic tundras, much less return to our Nation's shores."

Zuko nodded, "You have a plan?"

"Something close to one." She replied, slender fingers playing with Zhao's seal. "Here's what I propose: We send a response to his report. An impossible mission. One that he'll die trying to accomplish."

Zuko looked away, and his sister noticed.

"Something wrong with my plan, Zuzu?"

"No, I'm not… It's just ironic. My banishment was caused by me trying to save a 41st Division, and now I'm going to end it by sending their less-honourable successors to their deaths."

Azula chewed on her lip, and slipped her helmet back on. "Well, I'll give you some time to think about how to write the message. I really can't stay here for long for much longer, that Child-" She whispered, golden eyes glancing at the door behind her as if wary of evil spirits bursting through it, "-is smarter and more dangerous than she lets on."

"I think you have let rumours blind you." Their uncle commented, "I looked into her eyes and saw nothing but a child. Her mother on the other hand… now she's someone who is not to be trifled with."

"Uncle, you don't understand!" Azula snapped, her voice tight as if she was struggling to look for the words to describe Anya. "She's not just a child. Her master assassin of a mother had trained her well- trained her to sniff out disloyalty, to find the tiniest hint of treason and drag it to her dear 'Uncle Jao' like some cat bringing home a dead lizard-mouse. I'm not even sure how she does it, but she's caught actual traitors with far less clues of treason than what we have in hand here. And if she catches us… Well, let's just say that Zhao was right about one thing: We're not going to be afforded a military tribunal before she hands us peanuts and launches us from a trebuchet while wearing the sweet, innocent smile she's fooled you with."

Personally, Zuko didn't like the image of himself being tied to an explosive munition and launched into the sky with a bag of peanuts. But their uncle wasn't convinced, stroking his grey beard as he spoke softly, "I'm sorry, but I do not think I'm mistaken, niece. There wasn't a single hint of malice in her green eyes. She was just another six-year-old child-"

But before he could even finish, a sudden chill swept through the room, making the hair on the back of Zuko's neck stand on end.

The metal door creaked open, and a shadow waited for them just beyond the threshold- backlit by the red lights and blocking the only exit with a smile full of teeth.

"Whatcha doin, Juko~?" The six-year-old responsible for thousands of deaths sing-songed. The same little girl who had a knack for sniffing out plots and schemes of traitors and dissidents (exactly the kind of things that they were doing just now) before she gleefully put a stop to them. In a shower of ultraviolence. Her green eyes almost glowing as they casually glided from him to his uncle and then Azula. "Oh! There's a lot of you in here! Ehehe!"

They couldn't do anything but stare back. Even his sister had tensed up, saluting stiffly. "I can explain everything, Lady Anya."

A bead of sweat ran down his neck. Zuko didn't think that anything Azula could say would help them. She knows. They've been caught- they've 100% been caught! Could they even fight their way out of here? Except, those red eyes of that master assassin standing behind Anya stopped any idea of it.

"You don't have to explain!" The pink-haired little girl smiled smugly up at them, "Cuz Anya thinks we all know what I'm here for, right, Juko?"



"Peanuts~ Peanuts~ Anya gots the Peanuts~ Gonna steam 'em up! Eat 'em up! And burp 'em up!"

Anya marched off with her sack of shelled peanuts, leaving behind Juko, Uncle Ayy, and secret-agent-Azoola. She didn't know why Juko and Uncle Ayy were so scared. They were just helping Princess Azoola with her Secret Mission! Maybe they were scared she'd spill the beans? But they didn't need to worry- Anya was super good at keeping secrets! She'd already kept her secret of hearing people's thoughts for so long! Like how the Lou-Tenny wanted Papa to hold her without clothes on, or how Fire Lord Ozzy daydreamed about flying around on a flying sword and making the evil earthbender towns build statues of him.

So, yeah, Juko and Uncle Ayy's secret was totally safe with her! Azoola's too!

She was happy for Princess Azoola, too. The Princess had been super grumpy about her butt hurting since they left the Fire Islands. Anya had heard about that- how grownups would spank other kids on the butt if they were being bad. Good thing that her Mama and Papa Khan didn't do that, because she was a good girl! She didn't poop her pants in front of everyone like Prince Juko did, or… wait, had Azoola been a bad girl then? She had to be if Fire Lord Ozzy told Papa Khanmander to make her butt hurt.

Anya heard Azoola's thoughts about how Fire Lord Ozzy will like her more if she brought back that evil airbender though. Anya was kinda sure she knew why… but she had to make sure. She tugged on her mama's black dress, looked up to her. "Mama, you said that if someone hurts someone else' feelings, you have to make up for it, right?"

"Hmmm…" Her mama cupped her chin, thinking about it too, then smiled back, "Yes, it's only right to try making amends with people you care about."

"Waku! Waku! Anya understands!" She nodded. Princess Azoola was on a secret mission to make Ozzy happy by 'making almonds' with him. It made sense now and it was so cool too! She didn't know how the airbender fit into that, but it still made sense! But Anya did feel really sorry for Fire Lord Ozzy. First, Princess Azoola with her butt hurting and now Prince Juko with his pants pooping. Both his kids had butt problems. Poor Ozzy.

It was good to see the Princess smiling. She seemed really happy thinking that Juko and Uncle Ayy were her 'Pons' now- whatever that meant. All Anya knew was that it was one of those pieces for Pai Sho- an old person's game. Super boring.

"Mama, we're gonna see Papa Khan soon, right?"

Her mama blushed almost as red as her eyes, "He's not…" she tried, but just changed her mind, "Just wait a few more days, Anya. We'll see him soon."

Papa Khanmander was busy beating up the evil waterbenders. Maybe he even got her a new plush toy! She hoped that it was a tiger-seal or something!

But the message they were going to send to Papa was really nice though! He will definitely be happy to get Azoola's message!



On the dark metal surface of my writing desk, a single slip of paper sat illuminated by the soft glow of the lantern. My shadow, alongside the shadow of the busty Kyoshi Warrior redhead in the green kimono who stood beside me, loomed over the words written on it.

= F =

Assault and eliminate the Water Tribe army, you have nine days.

That's an order.

Send no hawks until your mission is complete.

= F =​

Suki's blue eyes reread the very brief message, her face scrunched in a wince, "Hey Khan, you did say in your report that defeating the entire water Tribe army is the one thing that we can't do, right?"

"I mentioned it thrice in my report," My deep voice grunted, sliding the annoying message aside and going back to writing the closing remarks of my book: Interview with a Water Tribe Princess by Khan. "But Zhao wouldn't send me a message shorter than his usual novels unless it was an emergency. It could be that Fire Lord Ozai might be pressuring him to hurry, or some situation arose in another theatre that urgently requires the ships that the Armada borrowed. We don't know; but regardless of the reason, we have to do our best and execute this order."

Suki reached over, picked up the message and stared at it. "And we have to do it in nine days, because that's when the Armada arrives?"

"Just seven now," I corrected, "That message was dated two days ago, and at this point? It's almost welcome: We're the end of this protracted arctic campaign is finally in sight."

"It should've been sooner, and a lot less messy," She angrily murmured, "Arnook, Aang, that Pakku geezer too, and especially Sokka If he'd just have believed me and taken the deal…"

"Leaving the enemy leadership alive and free to fight another day is always a mistake." I said, "But in the end, we achieved our primary objective for this campaign: Severely diminish the Northern Water Tribe's ability to resist the Armada. With Aang injured, their cattle stolen and all their ships burned down, they'll realise the need to surrender as soon as the Armada arrives. Or at least, after an entire day of sustaining heavy bombardment- high explosive munitions have a tendency to end shock and awe."

"Or they're going to refuse to surrender for the fifth stupid time in a row." Suki groused, right before her anger fell away to just weary irritation, "But even before that happens! We still have that army that we're supposed to deal with in just seven days… somehow."

"Yes, somehow..." I replied, but I had my attention elsewhere- specifically on the notification that floated right before my eyes.

New Quest:

WELCOME TO ICE FIELDS!

Main Objective: Kill all the soldiers in the Water Tribe Army within seven days.

Secondary Objective: Do it in six.

Rewards:

Large XP Bonus

Large Reputation increase with the {Fire Nation}

+ 2 Perk Points

Secondary Rewards:

[Legendary Division Feat: The Frostforged Thousand] Nothing stopped them: Not the snow, not the cold, not all men in the Water Tribe Army… All units in your army gain a 20% stat bonus when fighting outnumbered. They also gain permanent dexterity bonuses for stealth checks and rough terrain movement (snow or otherwise); a constitution bonus for cold resist and supply consumption; and a spirit bonus for bending.

+ R +​

I stared. Hungrily. The basic rewards were mediocre once again, but the secondary reward? Now that was the real prize. A perk that would affect my entire division- the first of its kind that I've seen.

[Legendary Division Feat: The Frostforged Thousand] was a literal force multiplier to compensate for our constant lack of numbers; and all those little bonuses synergizing together meant that those same thousand would be able to sneak behind enemy lines regardless of terrain, and continue operating for extended periods of time thanks to the reduced supply consumption. It would make the 41st Division even more of a formidable force than it already was. How could I ever say no?

"In fact, Suki…" I smiled at her, "Not only will we deal with the Agna Qel'a Resistance army. We're going to do it in six days."

"Six d- But aren't worried about the division?" The redhead asked, "I mean, I know you probably have some grand plan already. And we've fought 10-to-1 odds before, but never as a whole Division and never against a whole army! I guess what I'm saying is that we might actually lose a lot of people here."

"Worried?" I repeated, setting down my brush as I finished Interview with a Water Tribe Princess. The wooden click accompanying my exhale of contemplation. Yes, the prospective casualties of fighting an entire army by our lonesome did put a damper on my plans. Despite all the advantages that we had stacked in our favour, a lot of my 41st Division soldiers were likely going to fall in battle- it was inevitable in this scale of direct combat. just how it was when we were this outnumbered. I let out a sigh, "I suppose-"

Just as I clapped shut the finished Interview with a Water Tribe Princess, blue notifications window that only I could see winked into my vision- Notifications that made me realise one thing…

…that the day had finally come.

+ R +

Intelligence: 19 -> 20

+ R +

NEW PERKS AVAILABLE:

Lvl 20 Intelligence Perks Available:​

[-] Bibliophile (Passive): You like your books like you like your women: spread wide open right at the interesting bits… Double your Intelligence bonus for reading- vastly increasing read speed, retention, and comprehension. (Stacks with other memory perks. And extends to manuals, schematics and skill books for other stats.)

[-] Hyperfocused Training (Active): Achieve a higher state of being by focusing all of your brain cells- all three of them… For a single day, one chosen skill has 150% XP gains, but all other skills gain no XP.

* 1 Perk Points Available.*

[-] means that perk has yet to be purchased.

+ R +​

I laughed, deep and loud. The grind has finally paid off! I had finally claimed it after all those endless nights of interviewing old farts, transcribing the notes into books, and hoping that it would be the one. How surprising that it would be the Princess of the Northern Water Tribe's interview that would be the last step.

And yet, even now, [Intelligence] 20 was only a beginning. The start of a long staircase that would lead to the heavens.

Because with it reaching that specific level, it also meant…

Intelligence Check Succeeded!

20/20 Intelligence required to unlock [Engineering] Skill!

+ R +

[Engineering] Lvl 1​

The skill of designing, constructing, and optimising the structures, mechanisms, and processes that shape the world. Specifically, the world where the Moon and Ocean are willed into existence by spirits, where a reincarnating messiah figure travels the world on a giant flying bison and where physics has less to do with empirical laws and more about soft suggestions that bend to the whims of people who have barely invented toilet paper.

At higher levels, [Engineering] transcends mere construction of bridges and the tinkering of assorted gadgets. Mastery in this skill allows you to create mechanical wonders and architectural marvels that defy conventional logic: animal-mounted heavy weapons, coal-fired steam engines that violate thermodynamic laws, and rumbling war machines that laugh in the face of both metallurgic principles and anything that stands in their path. From towering fortresses to unstoppable contraptions, [Engineering] will enable you to build resplendent creations which shall carry your ambitions to the Heavens... If you can gather the resources and materials to build it, that is.

+ R +​

It was a little known fact, but Chinggis Khan held a great appreciation for big siege weapons.

His Mongol Horde was so much more than just a horde of 'horse-riding savages' that swept across the known world. No, he press-ganged into his service the finest engineers he could capture. From the shores of Jin Dynasty China to the warm dunes of the Khwarezmian Empire in Persia and all the way to the Kingdoms of Europe, these Engineering units built the bridges that carried his armies and the siege engines that brought low many fortresses. And in the decades that followed, when these highly skilled engineers combined Chinese gunpowder with Persian flamethrowers and applied European bell-casting techniques, they produced the weapon that changed the world: The cannon.

And now, here in this world of bending and spirits and pliable laws of physics… What could I achieve? What can I build?

I don't know, but I'm sure that me and that army of lightly-armoured Water Tribe infantry trudging slowly over open plains will find out very soon.

"Uh… Khan? What's so funny?" Suki spoke up, eyebrows raised in worry.

"Like I was saying… Worried?" I repeated, "No, why would I be worried when I have finished my book? I have so much to do. So much to try. So much to build."

"Someone sounds more confident about our chances." Suki chuckled.

"The ability to complete Engineering projects can do that to a man." I nodded, "In fact, for a milestone this massive… I'm in the mood for some celebration."

With a deft display of [Dexterity], I deftly undid her kimono's sash. Suki's blue eyes blinked as the kimono fell open. Milky-smooth skin from her slender neck, down the expansive valley of her hefty pink-tipped breasts, across her toned tummy and down to her bare pussy.

"You weren't wearing anything underneath?" I asked with a brow raised.

"Are you kidding? I was hoping for something like this to happen!" Suki grinned, shrugging off her kimono and placing her hands on my desk, "Why do you think the others aren't here? I bet that I'd get to turn your frown upside down if left alone with you, and now I'm going to win that bet too!"

"Ah, so that's why they volunteered to do a supply run with Yue without you."

"Mhm! And it's all thanks to this 'Engineering' thing, and I'll be honest…" She winked over her shoulder, slid a slender hand over her shapely taut rear and tugged a delicate labia open to reveal her steamy pink centre, already dripping with nectar. "… I don't know what that is, but if it gets you in the mood, then go engineering!"

"I see…" That put a damper on my mood- the one time that I wanted to take the initiative in sex, Suki still beat me to it. But only a little bit. It certainly didn't stop me from gripping her by waist and slamming myself into this redhead's tight, hot pussy.

"By Kyoshi, I needed this…" She sighed happily, eagerly pushing back to meet my thrusts, even adding a little wiggle of her hips each time I bottomed out to tease my cock with her womb's entrance. She even had the gall to wink at me, "Just so you know what you're aiming for."

This horny little redhead…

"We had sex just the night before."

"Pfft, those're just details~" She moaned, "H-harder, Khan, I think I'm getting an idea too!"

"No, you're not, Suki."

"Fine," She pouted, "I've- Mmmm~ Me and girls have had this idea for a while now, but we weren't going to suggest it cuz we know how stretched- heh, get it?- the division was, but now that you're more confident oh yes~ with the division's ability to handle the Water Tribe Army…"

"R-right, so it goes d-deeper~! I mean, it goes something like this. Whenever you're ready, we walk up to Agna Qel'a, and then you…"



(A few days later) [Agna Qel'a - Northern City Gates]

"AVATAR!"​

Katara raced through the snow-covered streets, her breath coming in short, visible bursts.

The icy winds of the Northern Water Tribe's capital howled through the freezing air, carrying the glittering snowflakes like tiny diamonds over the walls and into the city of Agna Qel'a below. Along the newly-waterbent walls, brave water tribe warriors stood ready and poised for action, their forms cloaked in heavy fur parkas. And the reason for the alert was obvious, and very audible.

"AVATAR!"​

The word echoed over the walls of Agna Qel'a, bellowed from lungs that were impossibly powerful.

Master Pakku- with his royal blue parka and stern expression- was already there by the barbican, directing warriors around the gates that led to the Polar Wastes. The creases on her waterbending master's elderly face looked even more pronounced then, but softened when he saw her running. "Katara?! What are you doing up here?"

"I could hear it all the way from the Palace!" She answered. "Are the Fire Nation attacking?!"

"They're not, but-" Master Pakku paused trying to explain and just grunted, "It's easier to show you now that you're here anyway, come with me!"

He waved for her to follow him as he jogged up to the top of the gates.

"AVATAR!"​

It was impossible to not spot the source of the shouting.

Beyond the ice gates, starkly visible against the endless white snow, a great silhouette stood like a monument to imminent and unavoidable violence: Commander Khan. His skull-faced helmet leering at them from atop his massive frame, his spiky red armour a stark contrast to the blinding whiteness that surrounded him. His shadow stretched long and ominous across the ice. And standing with him were the Kyoshi Warrior traitor team In their green kimonos and painted faces. All of them looked unbothered by the dozens of waterbenders that had water and ice aimed straight at them.

"AVATAR!"​

Khan's voice boomed like thunder, and the defenders flinched just slightly.

"Avatar! Come out and face me! Stop hiding like a coward!"

The words cut through the cold air like a knife, reaching the ears of those within the city's walls.

As she and Master Pakku reached the top of the gates, all eyes seemed to lock straight at her, including the Kyoshi Warriors. But it was the Fire Nation Commander's eyes that- just for the briefest moments- made her freeze in her tracks. Those green eyes glaring at her through the eye slits of that skull helm.

"Where is the Avatar?" Khan demanded.

"Admirable of you to come to our walls, Fire Nation." Master Pakku shouted back, "Foolish, but admirable. Why are you here, you overgrown snow-rat?"

"I have come to speak to the Avatar, not his fools," The giant declared, "Or is he still acting the part of the coward and hiding from me?"

"Aang isn't hiding!" Katara shouted, unable to help it when someone was badmouthing her friend, "He has nothing to prove to the Fire Nation, least of all, someone like you!"

The Giant's eyes seemed to narrow- seeming like he savoured her being there. "So, the mighty Avatar is too frightened to show his face?" His booming voice filled with mocking. "Or maybe... our fight has left his spirit broken and beaten, just like the rest of your misbegotten tribe?!"

Katara's fists clenched, the anger inside her rising like a tide. Almost subconsciously now, the snow at her feet began to melt and the ensuing water swirling subtly in response to her emotion. She took a step forward, her voice ringing through the arctic air and right at the evil giant. "Aang is more powerful than you could ever understand! He doesn't need to answer your challenges!"

"Then why isn't he here to defend his honour?" He taunted, and his eyes seemed to look at her critically, "Is the Avatar so afraid of facing me again that he chose instead to send a girl to do a man's job?"

Now that comment didn't just break the arctic camel's back for her, it also crossed a line. The faces of her new recruits- the first all-female waterbender unit of the Northern Water tribe- flashed in her face, as if granting her their strength. Their anger. Katara roared back, "The minute he's ready to fight again, he'll take you and your entire Nation on! He's not afraid of you or any of your Fire Nation soldiers! But that's assuming that you'd make it that long, because the women of the Water Tribe are going to make you eat those words, you overgrown bull-pig!"

Before Katara could say more, a firm hand rested on her shoulder. "Katara," Master Pakku, his face calm but stern, stepped forward to stand beside her. "He's trying to get under your skin. Don't let him bait you."

"I… you're right, Master Pakku." Her jaw tightened in frustration, but she remained silent- not wanting to let that Fire Nation monster who had hurt Aang and her brother to provoke any more free reactions from her.

Behind the Giant, Suki- the damned traitor- glanced sideways to the commander with her blue eyes. "I don't think Aang's going to meet us, Khan."

"It makes no difference," the giant said with a shrug, turning his skull-faced gaze back to Katara. "The Avatar has the luxury to talk, but you should spend more time preparing. Which is especially true for those deluded enough to think they're stronger than they are."

Katara's frustration threatened to spill over again, but she managed to keep a lid on it- but just barely. "Don't underestimate us," She said coldly, "The women of the Water Tribe will fight just as fiercely as any man. You'll see that when we meet on the battlefield!"

"I wasn't talking about the women." He barely acknowledged her statement, clearly unimpressed by her words. And with a dismissive wave, he signalled to his Kyoshi Warriors to leave with him.

Katara watched as he began to walk away, a surge of frustration and helplessness welling up inside her. She couldn't let him have the last word.

"If you're so sure about you winning…" she called after him, "Then why not offer us a chance to surrender again? Or do you already know that we won't back down?"

The Giant stopped mid-stride, his back still to her. Then, slowly, he turned his head to glance at her over his spiked red pauldron, just enough to let her know he was looking at her, "There's no need for that. Not anymore." he said finally, "You've made your choice, and now, everyone else has made peace with it. Even Princess Yue. There is nothing left for us now other than to wage War."

Their gazes locked across the distance, and for that fleeting moment, Katara knew they understood each other: This battle would not just determine the fate of Agna Qel'a, but possibly the entire war as well.

And with not even another word, the Giant and his entourage turned away for the last time, their figures fading into the swirling snow of the Polar Wastes, leaving Katara and Pakku standing at the gates.

Master Pakku waited until the silhouette of the Giant disappeared completely before he placed a hand on her shoulder again, his voice gentle but firm. "It's time to prepare, Katara. The battle is coming."

"The girls and I… We'll be ready. We'll fight with everything we have." She said quietly, "We'll make sure that we won't even need to bother Aang for this. It'll send the most powerful message we can to the rest of the world: We can be strong even without the Avatar."

Master Pakku whispered a prayer. "May the Moon and Ocean Spirits, watch over us all."

"May They help us all." Katara finished.



"Can't believe she fell for the same trick I did. But she practically confirmed it, didn't she, Khan?"

"Yes, Katara's slip of tongue was everything we needed: The Avatar's still wounded."

"Agna Qel'a is massive though- we'll need time, and we'll need it empty of… annoyances."

"Suki, this may truly be it… Of course, the 41st Division will buy you that time. You know what to do, Kyoshi Warriors, make me proud."

"… In this life or in our thousandth life, the Kyoshi Warriors will live to serve you, our Khan."​


- Converging Shadows End -​



Chapter 29 - When the Snow Starts Honking in Ostrich-Horse​

~In which… The might of the Northern Water Tribe goes against a well-prepared 41st Division and an optimally-levelled Khan. At first, Katara is pleasantly surprised at how easy fighting against the Fire Nation was. Then realises that they're not against just a Fire Nation division, they're fighting against the 41st Division. ~

Coming Soon for Public Release!​

AN:

This chapter occurs between the episodes... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 19 - The Siege of the North) and (ATLA Book 1, Episode 20 - The Siege of the North Part II).

And here we go… the crescendo. Get ready for blood.

Only 7k word chapter because… Katara's expedition into the arctic tundras deserves the spotlight of being its own chapter. (Edit: it ended up being 16k long)

I swear, if I have to spell out even more that… Azula is only pretending to be the 'I'm-a-reformed-villain-who-is-a-good-girl-now!' character, I will scream. I feel like the quality of the fic will only drop if I have to make it that blunt.
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like LikeReport
Like Reactions:You, 1SOGGYBOI, Ghjikl and 1,570 others
Infonticus
Oct 23, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 29 - When the Snow Starts Honking in Ostrich-Horse
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Oct 25, 2024
Add bookmark
#5,093
Chapter 29 - When the Snow Starts Honking in Ostrich-Horse

~In which… The might of the Northern Water Tribe goes against a well-prepared 41st Division and an optimally-levelled Khan. At first, Katara is pleasantly surprised at how easy fighting against the Fire Nation was. Then realises that they're fighting against the 41st Division. ~


(7 Days before the Armada arrives)

"Messenger hawk from 1st Regiment forward recon, sir. Successful abduction of an enemy sentry. Interrogation confirms massed enemy force is mobilising today. They're holding a military parade beforehand."

"How cute. Immediate dispatch of messenger hawks to all Regiments: The day has come. For Fire Lord and Fire Nation, show them no mercy."​


[Agna Qel'a]

Katara, with her wide smiles and all her fine furs, stood in her water tribe blue sleigh and waved at the cheering crowds.

A pair of buffalo-yaks pulled her sleigh along the snowy streets as the cheers of the Northern Water Tribe clamoured all around her. Along the streets, from their window sills, and even on top of the buildings, there was nothing but the crowd's smiling faces, grateful for the work she's about to put in and cheering for her triumphant return. It felt like the entire Water Tribe was out in the city to cheer for her.

Katara smiled and waved back. She just wished she could have experienced this with her friends, and not… him.

"Aw yeah! Who's the Head Chieftain?! I AM!"​

Riding alongside her in the sleigh was Hahn, their brash and newly appointed head chieftain of the entire Northern Water Tribe, pumping his fists in the air and making his great blue cape flutter like some kid with a blanket.

"Give it up for Head Chieftain Hahn!" he cheered for himself, "The greatest and most valiant leader in Northern Water Tribe history! The first one in a thousand years to defend our homeland! Alright!"

With that, Katara was reminded that this was a military parade too.

The ten thousand brave Water Tribe warriors, clad in proud Water Tribe blue parkas and marching all around in formation, weren't just for show. And neither were their heirloom whalebone spears of every shape and size. In her opinion, they were the toughest looking guys that Katara had ever seen, especially since most of them were much older than her. Some looked even older than her dad, but they only looked even more professional for it. Meanwhile, arctic camels and buffalo-yaks, part of the few that they could commandeer throughout the city, pulled sledges laden with their supplies. They really were going off to defeat the Fire Nation. Off to war.

But what made her even prouder was…

"And give it up for the beautiful Radiant Moonflower Warrior-Sisters!"​

… Her own company of all-female warriors, familiar faces of the women and girls who she had personally trained these past few days, was with her- trailing right behind the 'Royal Sledge' in an orderly formation. Their backs straight, chins raised, walking prouder and garbed in the same blue military parkas as the men. Katara thought they looked more dignified than they had ever been before. Because For the first time in Northern Water Tribe history, they were marching alongside the men as equals.

The crowd roared their delight at the 'Radiant Moonflower Warrior-Sisters.' And Katara grinned. They couldn't settle for a name, so they ended up combining the two most popular ones instead. Marching with ten thousand brave Water Tribe men made her proud to be Water Tribe. But it was marching with these few hundred that made Katara proud to be a woman.

"Hey, Katara! Katara, over here!" Sokka's shouting managed to climb above the crowds. And Katara easily spotted her brother's whalebone crutch waving in the air above the sea of blue parkas, "Katara! You gotta kick serious Fire Nation butt for me, alright?!"

She laughed as she waved back to her brother, "I will!"

"Be safe, Katara!" Aang shouted as well, waving with his one good arm. He tried to raise his other one, but Master Yagoda was there to slap him over the back of his head.

"We will!" Katara said with a laugh too. "Rest up, okay?!"

Yeah, they were doing this to fill the people with hope.

A heavy hand slapped her shoulder. "Look at us, Karara!" Hahn laughed, his voice booming over the sound of cheering crowds and stamping feet. "The pride of the Water Tribes! With warriors like these, a waterbender like you and a leader like me- we'll crush the Fire Nation's invasion before it really even begins! Our destination: the Fire Nation base at Nanuq's Peak!"

"Just remember what Master Pakku said." she replied evenly.

"Yeah, yeah." Hahn rolled his eyes, still waving at the crowd, " 'Listen to the wisdom of the tribal leaders you command.' Pfft, getting to that ice hovel in the middle of nowhere will be a bigger challenge than actually beating them."

"That. And he also said that without most of our mounts, we can't just attack willy-nilly, got it?"

Hahn snorted, even rolled his eyes, "Hey, we Northern Water Tribe warriors are the best in the world. We'll take on whatever comes our way easy! Besides, we have numbers on our side. The Fire Nation can't do anything when we outnumber them ten-to-one! Just a few days sleeping on a sleigh is worth it in exchange for being able to kick Fire Nation rears. Trust me, we'll be back in time for a full moon feast!"

"Whatever you say, Hahn. Just remember, we're here to defeat the Fire Nation and rescue our chieftains, not for fame and glory, okay?"

"Funny joke, Karara," He laughed again, "Defeating the Fire Nation and rescuing the chiefs IS fame and glory."

"You're hopeless."

"Hopelessly ready to kick some Fire Nation butt! Hah!" Hahn winked before turning around and shouting, TROOPS! AT DAWN, WE MARCH TO VICTORY!"

Katara just sighed in exasperation, the sound lost to the cheers of the crowd. Master Pakku did say it wasn't going to be a tough job being the First Wave. Especially to Hahn since she was also duty-bound to protect him from his own half-baked ideas. But she had practice with Sokka. He couldn't be any worse than her brother.

"Hey, First Wave, uh ma'am!" Her Second Wave, a girl her age with caramel skin tone, jogged up beside the sleigh. Long black hair spilling down onto the furred shoulders of their unit's military blue parka, and her wide smile shone brightly as she looked up to Katara. "The girls and I just wanted to thank you again for standing up for Northern Water Tribe women- for giving us this chance. We won't let you down."

"I know you won't," Katara nodded, her own smile broadening. "This is just the beginning. After this, Agna Qel'a is going to see a lot of changes happen for the women of the Northern Water Tribe, I'm sure of it. We'll make sure of it"

"The First Wave setting the tide for victory, right?"

"Yes. Moon Spirit willing, we'll ride that tide all the way back home too." she said as she felt an optimism filled her. She then glanced around at the rest of her unit, seeing the same fire in their blue eyes. "So, smile and wave, women of the Radiant Moonflower Warrior-Sisters! It'll be good training for the victory parade too."

"Yes, First Wave, ma'am!"

Katara held her chin high- doing her best impression of a professional soldier-woman as she smiled. It was a good feeling, to be looked up to and respected.

Yeah, maybe being First Wave wasn't so bad after all.

honk​


(6 Days before the Armada arrives)

"Messenger hawks from the 3rd and 4th Regiments, sir. Spotrep confirms enemy forces advancing along the anticipated axis. Estimated fighting strength: ten thousand. All elements from both regiments are moving to flanking positions as of the last report."

"Delay the dispatch. They have their orders. Let's see if our enemy has learned anything from our previous engagements, or if our newest and most basic [Engineering] toy will see some use."​


[Northeast of Agna Qel'a]

The first day on the march had been easy. Uneventful, but easy.

They had marched out at dawn just as Hahn announced. The ice gates of Agna Qel'a swung open to them to show the field of white snow stretching out endlessly ahead of them. The Polar Wastes: The place that had been the subject of all the stories their mothers scared them into eating their vegetables as children, and also the place where so many of their scouts had never returned from. There had been a… pause as they stared at it. Must have looked funny too- how an army of ten thousand men and a company of women looked scared of a bit of snow- scared of leaving the safety of the city.

But it had been only a brief pause.

Putting left foot in front of right, they had marched out the gate, and spent most of the day marching over said snow; and soon, the troops knew that the Polar Wastes were just snowfields all the same. Like a thundering herd of cattle, they all kept marching on even as the snow grew deep under their feet, as the arctic winds howled at them to turn around, and even as Agna Qel'a disappeared over the snow-covered horizon behind them. And now, the white just stretched out in all directions, occasionally broken up by hills and mountains.

"Marching to battle is a lot more boring than I thought." Hahn sank into his seat beside her until his boots were up against the dashboard of the sleigh. "Are we there yet, Karata?"

"Let me check…" Katara unfolded her map with a loud rustle of paper. It was a bit barren given that it was the Polar Wastes, but the notes were long and accurate. The product of the wisest minds of the Northern Water Tribe.

"Pfft, cute drawings." Hahn commented as he peeked over her shoulder, "Did one of the mapmaker's kids doodle on that map?"

"… uh, this is my brother's drawings." She quietly admitted.

"Sohka drew that? Ahahahaha!"

Katara felt some heat on her cheeks from the second-hand embarrassment. "He's not the artistic type, okay?!"

"Sure, sure~" He lazily waved his seal-jerky in the air, before munching on it, "But seriously, how close are we to Nanuq's Peak?"

Tracing their position on the map, she replied, "We're still at least two days off. The terrain is a lot tougher to traverse on foot than we thought."

"Oh come on, it's just walking! People do it everyday!"

"In deep snow?" Katara shot back.

"I wouldn't know- this is the first time I've been outside the city before." Hahn shrugged as if it wasn't expected of him as Head Chieftain of the North Pole, "So, it's unacceptable that the first time I did was being tied up, gagged, and taken prisoner by the Fire Nation!"

Katara just glanced at Hahn's boots, clean of any snow and any evidence that he had actually even stepped foot off the royal sleigh even once. "I wish I could tie you up and gag you," She muttered under her breath, folding up the map. She took it back, Hahn was a whole different sack of sea-prunes altogether- way worse than Sokka on his worst day!

"Whazzat?" Hahn asked mid-yawn, absolutely oblivious as he stretched his arms above his head.

"I said I should start up camp and make an igloo," Katara rolled her eyes.

"That's a good idea, First Wave!"

"Right…" Hopping out of the sleigh and onto the snow, Katara called out to her Radiant Moonflower Warrior-sisters who were trailing behind the sleigh, "Everyone! Tell the others that we're setting up camp for the night!"

All the girls' eyes lit up. "Thank the Moon spirit! I mean, right away, Master Katara!"

They scrambled away- snow crunching underfoot- as they hurried to tell the good news. Unfortunately, it wasn't as good a news as they thought.

The camp setup quickly devolved into a chaotic scramble as ten thousand people tried and failed several times to organise and disseminate orders. The Waterbenders' first try at forming up enough igloos for everyone to sleep in had to be redone after Hahn told them that he wanted his to be at the centre of camp. Orders were lost in the shuffle: some repeated, some misinterpreted and some even made to the wrong people. The noise of clan leaders squabbling over wrong orders, the grating of tools on ice, and the grumbles of tired soldiers combined to make a racket that only added to Katara's exhaustion and her growing headache. The troops are asking how the patrols should be laid out and how wide? How should she know?! Just circle the area! In what sequence Is the watch? Whoever can wake up! How big are the rations? Just eat a little! By the time the last igloo was formed, the stars were out, a freezing fog settled over the camp, and Katara tiredly shuffled into one of the igloos in the woman's part of the base, tiger-seal blubber lamps lighting up and warming the small space.

"Hey, First Wave! You did great today" Her Second Wave grinned up at her with the other girls. Who were warming themselves

"Uggh… no talking." She groaned back as she buried herself into her warm bedroll. "Sleep now."

"Rest

Yeah, But what was important was that she was done for the day. No more Hahn dumping all the work on her, no more orders to give to people, or finding people to give orders to. Just snuggled up in her bedroll, safe and warmish and falling… fast… aslee-


(A few hours later)

"honk"​

Her eyes snapped wide open.

"Did anyone else hear that?" she slipped out of her bedroll and into a crouch. Her bleary eyed troops, still in their bedrolls, rubbed their eyes in confusion.

"Wuh? Hear what, Master Katara?"

She strained her ears against the igloo walls, heard nothing, but wasn't about to take a chance. "Armours on!" Katara hissed at them. And they hurriedly slipped on their padded military parkas, half-brave expressions all around. Good enough, she nodded, "On three, we dissolve the igloo. Get ready for anything. One… two… Three!"

With a synchronised sweep of their arms, they melted their igloo. The snow fell on their tense shoulders- just the six of them back to back in their blue parkas, standing in the dark. The night sky was dotted with stars, and the moon was bright; but still, the light of their tiger-seal blubber lamps only illuminated so far before everything turned into a inky blur of dark shadows. They scanned the area with their blue eyes, looking for intruders, but only finding the round domes of the other igloos right at the edges of their lamplights.

"Can't see shrimp, but… It's all quiet, Master Katara. Can we build up the igloo now?"

"Wait… " Katara strained her eyes in the distance, "Our patrols have blubber lamps too, right? Shouldn't we be seeing them walking around the camp?"

"The First Wave's right… I don't see any lights anywhere close to camp."

A massive shadow darted between the igloos some ways away, like some great shark-squid lurking in dark waters. Then several more continued to dart. And Katara knew exactly what they were.

"The Fire Nation's here! Sound the alarm horn!" she hissed at her Second Wave who immediately began patting her bedroll down.

"Yes, it's in my- No, it's not in my bedroll!" She reported, face pale, "First Wave, what do we do-"

Katara was about to bark out to borrow other igloos' horns when suddenly, explosions thundered across the camp. The rolling rumble felt through the ice-cold ground was like the gallop of a herd of giant animals. Except… the night continued to be dark- no great orange fireballs that usually came from explosions. Just a horde of shadows receding back into the night.

Then, and only then did the alarm horns begin to echo.

"FOR THE NORTHERN WATER TRIBE!" their brash head chieftain, garbed in his blue fur pajamas and gripping whalebone spear in hand, charged out of his sleigh-turned-tent, only to whip his head around and find no one to attack. "Wait, what? Where's the Fire Nation?"

"I… don't know."

"Come back here, cowards!" Hahn shouted into the night just as Water Tribe soldiers began crawling out of their igloos too.

Katara scanned the camp, her eyes narrowing as she took in the chaotic scene. The absence of fire and the strange, muffled explosions that just didn't add up. She noticed the scattered remains of one of the igloos they were using to store their supplies: torn supply baskets, the lingering acrid stench in the cold air like raw fish left in the heat. Her mind pieced together the events. "Hahn…" Katara muttered, the cold realisation dawning on her, "They didn't come to fight us- something else."

She rushed to the nearest stack of supplies, ripping open a supply basket that was covered in green goo. The realisation hit her like a tidal wave. "They went after our supplies. And if there was an explosion for each supply igloo…" she whispered, her voice growing firmer as the full extent of the sabotage became clear. "At least half of our supplies are gone, Definitely more than half, actually. Might even be close to all of them!"

He furrowed his brow, "What does that mean?"

"It means that we won't have enough to make the entire round trip." She said, "If we can't get any more, we might even need to turn back."

"Are you nuts?!" Hahn roared, huffing and puffing and looking the fiercest Katara had ever seen him be, "By Tui's fin, do you know how utterly embarrassing it would be if we marched back to Agna Qel'a right after our parade?! Do you want us to look like a couple of school kids running home because we ran out of snacks?! No way! NO WAY! Send a couple of people back to Agna Qel'a on our fastest buffalo-yaks! Send all of them even! I don't care how you do it, but we're not stopping this attack on the Fire Nation base just because they were cowards and put rancid [Stink Bombs] in our food instead of fighting us in battle!"

Having said his piece, Hahn stomped off, his heavy boots crunching angrily through the snow, but not before turning back one last time, his voice rising above the murmur of the waking camp.

"That's an order from your Head Chieftain! And triple the watch tonight!"

"Yes, Head Chieftain Hahn." Katara bowed stiffly, but the moment he was out of sight, she released a breath she didn't realise she had been holding.

"First Wave Katara? Do you think we'll be alright without our supplies?" Her Second Wave asked, nervously twirling a strand of her long black hair around a gloved finger.

Katara glanced at the rest of the troops behind her, all worried and uncertain looks still on their faces as they pulled their blue parkas tighter. The Northern Water Tribe, Aang, Sokka, and now her warrior-sisters were all counting on her. They needed something more, Katara realised.

Standing a bit straighter, she pulled her shoulders back and gave her bravest voice, "The Fire Nation is going to have to try harder if they want to beat us. They might have gotten the first strike in, but we're still standing! Like Hahn said, we can send a couple of people back to Agna Qel'a for resupply. We're not going to run out of food. But we might need to space out our eating schedule tomorrow. I'm sure you brave Radiant Moonflower Warrior-Sisters can handle that?"

"Yes, First Wave!"

Katara smiled. "One of you is going to visit the clan behind us- look for volunteers for the supply run. The rest of your warriors, see to the wounded! Make sure everyone is accounted for and ready to move at dawn."

"Yes, First Wave Katara!"

As the girls scattered to do the tasks, Katara took a moment to actually appreciate the silver lining to Hahn. As frustrating as he could be, his stubbornness was at least infectious to people around him. And right now, they needed every bit of stupid toughness they could get. They'll need it to make it through what was definitely going to be a long, busy night. But she knew they'll pull through…

*HOOOONK!*​

The Ostrich-horse's call echoed in the distance. And Katara glared at the black of night.

It was going to take more than just a large-scale Fire Nation prank to scare them.


(5 Days before the Armada arrives)

"Messenger hawk from the 3rd and 4th Regiments, sir. The raid on enemy supply depots was successful: All objectives neutralised and no friendly casualties reported. Units are proceeding to interdiction operations. Attached Barbarian allies are requesting authorization to use more [Dew of the Mountain: Frostbite] to keep up fog cover, sir."

"Immediate dispatch: Authorisation granted. The entire 3rd and 4th Regiments are now authorised to the emergency stash. Stagger skirmishes across the next 24 hours. Give the enemy no respite."​


"EAST! They're coming from the East this time!" One of the men shouted, and everyone else began shouting "East!" up and down the camp.

"Again?!" Katara shouted incredulously before passing on the information, "East!"

Their first real taste of battle since leaving Agna Qel'a and she hated it already. When the first attack came, the morning sun had barely crested over the horizon, casting a weak light through the dense fog of the Polar Wastes. By then, it had already been a long night for her: tending to the wounded, taking stock of their remaining supplies rounding up and sending off the supply runners to Agna Qel'a. She barely had time to take a sit down before the Fire Nation attacked. Those same dark shadows from last night cut through the shroud of the fog to reveal the glaive-wielding Fire Nation soldiers with their feathered red armour and their massive flesh-eating ostrich-horses. Alarm horns had sounded before being replaced by screams.

It was past noon now, and the chaos had only gotten worse since then.

"Come on, First Wave! East!" Their Head Chieftain, Hahn, shouted and waved his spear over his head as the galloping buffalo-yaks pulled his sleigh through the snow.

"That's South, Hahn!"

"Dammit! It's getting so hard to know which way is which under this fog! Can't you Waterbenders do something about that?! You make fog all the time!"

"We're waterbenders, not a bunch of airbenders! It's harder to pull fog back into water than to push and spread it out!"

"Whatever! Just hop in!"

Katara cursed under her breath as she hopped into the sleigh and they galloped off, quickly directing the troops to form a defensive line facing East. No one wanted to have their backs turned against massive man-eating monsters with beaks larger than their heads. They've seen for themselves what would happen if they did.

"HONK!"​

The Fire Nation cavalry in all their honking horror barrelled towards them. Just five of them against hundreds along this frontline. And yet, Katara could see the way those whalebone spears shook as trembling hands held them.

As the shouts of "East!" echoed through the camp, Katara quickly assessed their options. The constant attacks were forcing them to adapt on the fly, and she knew they couldn't afford to keep being caught off guard.

"Men! Waxing Crescent formation!" Hahn called out, his voice cutting through the chaos. If there was one thing Hahn could be trusted to do, it's to put his big boasting mouth to good use. The Water Tribe warriors responded immediately- having drilled that formation endlessly before they left Agna Qel'a- and arranged themselves in a wide arc. Their whalebone spears bristling outward like the spines of an Earth Kingdom boar-q-pine. The waterbenders among them moved to the front, raising thick [Ice Walls] to absorb the initial orange firebolts before they could reach the ranks behind.

Katara gave a brief glance to the sides, and saw that their flanks were secured by an endless wall of spears. Their flanks were secure… this time. With the enemy moving so fast and so randomly, it was hard to know if it would hold.

But at this point in the frontline? Where the Fire Nation had to get through her and Hahn first?

They'd definitely hold this point.

If the Fire Nation cavalry tried to break through, they would find themselves funnelled into the crescent's curve, surrounded on three sides by spear-wielding warriors and waterbenders ready to strike. It was a defensive strategy that concentrated their force to counter a single point of attack; and counted heavily on them having the numbers to pull off- which they definitely had. They were still an army of 10,000 after all, standing against the Fire Nation's paltry 1,000.

They were definitely going to win in the end; but by the Moon Spirit, were the Fire Nation putting up a fight!

"Waterbenders, ready the [Icicle Spray]!" Katara shouted, positioning herself at the centre of the formation. The waterbenders crouched low behind the [Ice Walls], hands hovering over the snow as they prepared to launch a volley of sharp ice shards in a coordinated counterattack. She'd seen icicles just glance off the ostrich-horse feathers as if those monsters were made of solid steel.

But there was still that hope that one would somehow get lucky.

"HOOONK!"​

Those beady black eyes of the Fire Nation Ostrich-Horse grew closer, massive beaks open to reveal those barbed maws that could and have torn men in half. There was a ripple on the line of whalebone spears- men struggling to hold steady in the face of being eaten alive.

"Hold your ground, men! It's just ten of them!" Hahn roared out. But just as the Fire Nation Ostrich-Horse cavalry were about to crash into their spear line, those massive birds immediately turned around, honking out what sounded like laughter.

"Honk! Honk! Honk!"​

"COWARDS!" Their Head chieftain still had the energy to shout at the rears of Fire Nation ostrich-horses as they retreated back into the fog. "You Moon-damned Fire Nation cowards! Fight us with honour dammit!"

"They're coming around to the south!" another voice called out, and Katara's heart sank. The Fire Nation soldiers weren't content with just a frontal assault- they were circling them in the fog like a tiger-shark circled around a rowboat. And just like a tiger-shark, the moment they sensed you weren't looking, they struck. From any angle and every angle, they struck and forced the entire army to shift and pivot constantly.

"Move! South! SOUTH!" she shouted, her voice hoarse as she urged the Water Tribe warriors to reposition again. But the snow was knee deep, and every step a struggle as they had to push their legs through the drifts to meet the new threat. But halfway through the reposition, another voice called out from the southern line.

"South is another feint!"

"By the Moon Spirit, this is the third time!" Katara could feel the frustration building. Each time they managed to form a defensive line, the Fire Nation forces would retreat just as quickly as they had arrived, only to reappear moments later from a different direction. The pattern repeated throughout the entire morning and into noon, an annoying long string of feints that left them breathless, disoriented and frustrated.

They were playing a Cat-Owl and Lizard-mouse game! And they were losing.

On one hand, there were never more than ten of those ostrich-horse riders attacking them on one front. But on the other hand, even with just ten, they couldn't ignore them- they had to treat each feint as if it was a real attack. Because as much as seeing those ostrich-horses retreat so often should have made them less scary to face by now.

The entire Water Tribe Army had already learned their lesson.

Earlier in the morning, they had ignored a squad of Fire Nation cavalry thinking it was just the latest feint after the last dozen or so. But that one time that they didn't, the Fire Nation demonstrated what a single squad of those ravenous, honking monsters loose behind their lines could do: Killing forty people before they retreated. The other seventy had only survived because of the efforts of her own troops of waterbender women with extensive healing experience- not that they wanted another seventy people with missing limbs in their already cramped medical igloos.

So they definitely couldn't ignore any of these possible feints, not anymore. But it was also pushing them past their physical limits.

Damned if they do, damned if they didn't.

"Katara!" Her Second Wave, face flushed with exertion, and long black hair in disarray from her parka's hood. "They're trying to flank us again, this time from the west!"

Katara clenched her fists, the threads of her mittens creaking. "All right, let's move! West! WEST!" she called out, forcing her tired legs to carry up onto the sleigh. "Stay together! Don't give them space to move between the spear blocks! Waterbenders get ready to form [Ice Walls] and [Icicle Sprays]!"

"FOR THE NORTHERN WATER TRIBE!" The men shouted in response, but the constant maneuvering was wearing them all down, it was getting increasingly noticeable now. Even Katara could see the exhaustion in the men- the way their whalebone spears seemed to flag in the fog as if they were already struggling to keep from dropping them. And who could blame them? After last night's raid by the Fire Nation that destroyed most of their food, the entire army had slept with one eye open. And by that, she meant that no one got any sleep. The Fire Nation only deigned to attack them again once they were looking for a bite of breakfast. And they ruthlessly press their advantage, because of course they sensed it. These damn dirty Ash makers.

Another wave of firebolts blasted against their [Ice Walls].

"Take this, Warm Lander filth!" Hahn shouted as he threw a spear- landing far short of course.

Even she couldn't blame him for hat, her arms aching from waterbending defences against the never-ending barrage of attacks. The lack of food and sleep and the sheer strain of a protracted 10-hour-long battle was taking its toll on them. It felt like she was fighting to move her own body as much as she was fighting against the Fire nation forces.

And as it was half expected, that advancing line of murderous, brown-feathered monstrosities turned around and dashed away.

"Honk! Honk! Honk!"​

Just like that, their enemies disappeared into the fog, and although they waited with held breaths, it was only when no new shouts of attacks came, did they release it. Mists formed from their mouths as they gasped for air.

"I think… I think that's it for now." Katara muttered, slumping onto the sleigh's dashboard, her breath coming in ragged gasps and her raw throat aching from all the shouted orders. And like a living wave, a lot of the men in their blue parkas immediately collapsed tired on the snow. She could relate: By Tui's Gills, she'd murder someone for a good night's sleep right about now.

"Ah yeah! Victory!" Hahn shouted, standing up on his seat and pumping his fist in the air. "VICTORY!"

"VICTORY!"​

"Nnng… victory…" Katara mumbled into her sleeves. Because was it really? How many times have they shouted that? The Fire Nation attacked them four times this hour, but will the next one (And Katara would bet her last wrap of pemmican that there would) have five or maybe six?

"Master Katara," her Second Wave spoke again, voice trembling with fatigue, "What do we do? They're not stopping, and our troops... they're so tired. We're so tired."

Katara took a shaky breath and swallowed hard, her throat dry. "We keep going," she said, forcing the words out through sheer willpower. "We don't let them break us. We've come too far to turn back now. Everyone is counting on us: From the people in Agna Qel'a to the people being held captive on that mountain to everyone on the Earth Kingdom who had been brutalised by the Fire Lord's 41st Division. We can't give up now. Keep bringing the wounded to the rest of the girls."

But even as she spoke, she knew they were being pushed to their limits. The Fire Nation's relentless feints and attacks were wearing them down, sapping their strength with every passing hour. Katara looked out over the battlefield, her heart heavy with the realisation that this was exactly what their enemy wanted.

"That's right!" Hahn loudly agreed with her, puffing his chest out proudly as he announced, "Chin up, men! We drove them off! They keep running away because the cowards know they can't take us in a straight fight! We have them scared for their little sorry base! They know that once we get there, we're going to flood those caves like an arctic rat nest and pump out the Fire Nation filth from our land! And there'll be nothing that they can do about it! So, break up camp and prepare for marching order, men! Let's close some distance before night comes!"

Yeah, it doesn't matter how tired Hahn was. You can always trust him to have energy to blow hot air.

Her Second Wave quietly admitted. "Master Katara, I don't think I have it in me to continue marching. None of us do."

"Hey, I heard that!" Hahn glowered down at the girl, "Don't you understand how little actually got done on the last day?! We haven't moved this spot since the sabotage last night- we're still one measly day away from Agna Qel'a for Moon Spirit's sake!"

Her Second Wave shrank under their Head Chieftain's shouts, bowing her head until her blue parka's hood hid her face. "My deepest apologies, Head Chieftain Hahn!"

Katara's hand rested on his shoulder. "Hahn…" she said, her voice firm as she met each of his eyes. "We survived today, let's make sure we survive tomorrow too. Give the troops some time to rest."

He dragged his gaze over the exhausted men. But Katara knew he was looking, but not seeing. Hahn clicked his tongue, "Fine, hold the order to break up camp. But we're moving out tomorrow! And someone get my igloo up agai-"

"Hooooonk!"​

"EAST!"

"By the Moon Spirit... not again!" Katara groaned. She was starting to hate that sound- that honking. Stupid, relentless Fire Nation. And stupid, evil birds. Her stomach grumbled, and it made her wonder what ostrich-horse tasted like.

Just like arctic hen, she'd bet.


(4 Days before the Armada arrives)

"Messenger hawk from the 1st Regiment, sir. Infiltration is a success. No casualties. Furthermore, a large enemy supply caravan have been intercepted shortly after departing from Agna Qel'a. The captured supplies have been secured at the designated location, and attached is a rough inventory of the goods. Postscript bears a black lipstick mark."

"How kind of the Agna Qel'a Resistance to solve all our supply issues for the foreseeable future. Dispatch a messenger hawk to the 3rd and 4th Regiments: Cease interdiction orders. Give the troops time to recover… and the Water Tribe army time to starve."​


Parked in an ice tent she had formed, Katara sat in the sleigh as the snow continued to fall- hanging her head as her empty stomach continued to grumble.

"First Wave, ma'am, will the supply caravans arrive soon?"

She raised her head to see her Second Wave approach, the other girl's brown skin and blue eyes were just barely peeking out of the furred hood of her blue parka. "Yeah, they're coming." Katara said with a reassuring smile. "We just need to hold out until they do."

They still had some supplies left. Slightly less than a stomach full, but naturally, they were rationing it to hold out for the caravans. Despite that though, Katara knew for a fact that her brave band of warrior-sisters had already snacked away theirs this morning. They all hoped- knew- that supply caravan were coming very soon. Katara glanced behind them, over the weary heads of the brave ten thousand who were painfully hungry, past all the igloos, past the endless white snow that stretched all the way to the horizon, and all the way to Agna Qel'a who surely had sent the supply train their way by now.

Katara murmured, "Any moment now, there'd be a whole herd of buffalo-yaks pulling sleighs stacked high with food and supplies."

"Mmm… I hope they sent some steamed penguin-fish…"

"Yeah, me too." She said back. But for now, they had ten thousand hungry mouths and only crumbs and the daydreams of food to feed them. "Speaking of… Can you remind the others to make rations last until the resupply arrives?"

Her Second Wave smiled wide. "Sure, Master Katara, but some of the Third Waves went over to the clan marching behind us and convinced them to share their pemmican rations with us. It even has bits of dried sea prunes in them!" She offered a small lump of pemmican to her, "Want some?"

"That's kind of them… and that looks awfully tasty." She said, her rumbling stomach moving her mittened hand for her to accept the fist-sized portion of delicious seal meat, lard and sea prunes.

"Yeah, a couple even volunteered to carry some of our packs!"

"They did?" Katara mumbled through a mouthful of pemmican. Almost moaning at the rich, salty flavour mingling with the tang of dried sea prunes. Food always tasted best when you were starving.

"Yeah, the girls said that they were really nice guys!"

Katara glanced over to the squad of women who were talking and laughing with some of the more muscular men from the next unit, their voices carrying lightly over the snow. It was hard to read from this distance, but the carved whalebone charm on the lead man's blue parka signified him as a chief or someone close to one. She swallowed, shivering at how good it felt to have something in her belly, "Good for them. But… How are the injured?"

That put a damper in the other girl's expression. "We saved who we could, Master Katara. The fifty-seven who survived are all stable, but…" She paused, glancing in the direction of the medical igloos. Easily spottable from the rest of the igloos from how they flew blue flags with the half-moon on them, "… some of the men won't be able to march."

The way she said it made Katara notice the brown stains on her Second Wave's parka. From her mittens, to the furred cuff and all the way to her elbows. Dried blood. A lot of it. A cold pit formed in her stomach, "Do you mean they won't be able to walk in time for our offensive or… not at all?"

"Some of the first but mostly the second," the other girl said quietly, bowing her head in shame.

"By the Moon and Ocean spirits…" She murmured.

The other girl continued, even more quietly, mittened hands clenched, "We could only do so much with only our waterbending! And I don't know if that's even possible for wounds that severe, maybe if Master Yagoda was here, maybe she would know what to do. She'd know how to help the people that we're too stupid and too bad of healers to do anything about-"

"Hey," Katara gently held the other girl's shoulders and looked her in the eye. "You all did your best. That's all anyone could ever ask you to do."

She smiled sadly, "Thank you, First Wave."

"We'll ask some of the Waterbenders to make ice sleighs for the injured." Katara said, "Leave it to their clans to decide to either bring them along with us or send them to head back to Agna Qel'a."

"Okay… We won't let you down, Master Katara."

"I know you won't." She smiled at her second-in-command, "But remember, we need to stay sharp. Just because the Fire Nation hasn't attacked since yesterday doesn't mean that they've given up, and I don't think they will either. So, don't let them catch us with our guard down, especially when we still don't have our food."

"Yes, First Wave."

"It's only until tonight anyway. By then, the supply caravan will have caught up to us by then, and we'll have full bellies when we go to sleep."

Her Second Wave smiled brightly and pumped a fist to her parka's chest in a salute, "I'll be sure to-"

"Katara!" Hahn's voice boomed, and interrupted her thoughts.

They whipped their heads towards the new arrival. Hahn, who strode into the ice tent with his usual swagger, chin raised, smile smug. His fur-lined blue cape fluttered behind him, and the carved whalebone spear in his hand seemed almost ceremonial in its pristine condition, untouched by the battles they'd faced. Not for the lack of trying, but still…

"Hey, Head chieftain, something on your mind?" Katara asked.

"We're moving out in half an hour. Time to break camp and get those lazy men back on their feet. We've got a lot of ground to cover before nightfall! And make sure these ladies are good to go too!"

Katara's eyes widened as she watched Hahn produced some pemmican from his pocket and presented it to buffalo-yaks. The beasts, with their hunger to match three grown men, naturally scarfed it down from his palm.

No…

"No?" he glanced at her, an eyebrow raised, "Something wrong with the men, First Wave Karata?"

Katara looked up at him. Had she said that outloud? She coughed. "Hahn, the troops are exhausted. Maybe we should give them more time to rest- at least until the supply caravan catches up with us."

"Rest?" Hahn rolled his eyes at her concern. "I already gave them almost an entire day after yesterday's battle to catch their breath. An entire day! We're not here for a vacation, Katara, we're here to fight. We can make camp when the caravan arrives. Can't let the Fire Nation think we're slowing down."

"The supply caravan-"

"By Tui's Gills, they'll catch up!" He groaned impatiently, "We only sent like 500 men with them, they'll definitely be faster and they'll definitely catch up. But until that happens, we got to keep moving."

"… Understood, Head Chieftain," she replied, keeping her tone neutral, but couldn't help how her jaw clenched, knowing there was no point in arguing further.

"Good." Hahn grinned, completely unaware of how close he had been to getting ice water dunked over him. "Half an hour, Katara. Make sure the royal sleigh and your warrior-sisters are ready. Let's show those Fire Nation scum what we're made of!"

And with that, he turned on his heel and marched out of the tent, his voice already booming orders to the men outside.

Katara let out a slow breath, her stomach twisting with unease. "You heard him," she said quietly to her Second Wave. "Let's get everyone ready to move."

"Yes, Master Katara," her Second Wave responded, the reluctant weariness evident in her voice as she headed out to relay the orders.

Katara remained in the sleigh for a moment longer, and it was only when watched the other girl march off to tell the others did Katara let that brave mask of pep and calm slip off her. She stared at the palm of her furred blue mittens, now empty of that delicious sea prune-flavoured pemmican, and resisted the urge to lick at it. Even that big juicy lump of food wasn't enough, only barely keeping that gnawing hunger pangs away… She knew that they couldn't keep this up. Every step they took without not enough food or rest was another step closer to the breaking point. Another step to just deciding that they'd be better off just turning around and back to Agna Qel'a.

A small voice in the back of her head whispered that it wouldn't be so bad if they did give up and-

"-No, I can't think like that." Katara berated herself, forcing herself to stand and begin to make ready the 'royal sleigh.' "We can't just give up!"

Hahn, that stubborn goat gorilla, was right- they had to keep moving. People were still counting on them to pull off this mission. The chieftains and Princess Yue- their lives were still at stake. They couldn't slow down now just because they were hungry or tired. And if they failed here, if they had to retreat back to Agna Qel'a in defeat, Katara knew just who'd have to undertake this mission: Aang and her brother. It would be nice for them to be all together again, but at the same time, she didn't want them facing battle again, not so soon after they nearly got…

*HOOOONK!*​

Katara flinched at the sound of another Ostrich-horse's call rolling through the frigid arctic air. But she forced herself to focus on the task at hand, tugging at the harnesses on the buffalo-yaks to check the knots.

"The supply caravan will be here any minute," she whispered to herself, her breath coming in fogs again as the temperature began to drop fast. "All the pemmican you can eat. Maybe even some sea prunes to stew, just like Gran-gran used to make. We'll march with full stomachs, we'll make it far, and we'll be that much closer to coming home."

She had to believe it. There was no other choice. For Sokka. For Aang.


[Agna Qel'a - The Gaang's Ice Cottage]

Aang leaned his head out the window, just to breathe the fresh air of Agna Qel'a.

The breeze that brushed over his cheeks and his blue arrow tattoos was freezing, but still better than the cottage's stagnant air. He remembered the last time he had been here: Katara and Sokka were with him, smiling and laughing. So carefree. But then, the Fire Nation had to attack. And now, the city was injured- and slightly scarred. Like him. Aang found his fingers absentmindedly brushing over the cast of his broken arm, then glanced at his glider staff resting against the wall like an unused broom. Just another week at most and he'd be able to fly and fight again. He'll be able to go back to helping people again. Katara, Sokka… everyone.

The front door of heavy furs opened behind him.

"Aang, we're back with some grub!"

Aang grinned, "Hey, Sokka! Hey, Momo!"

"Hope you didn't get hungry waiting on us." Sokka laughed, his whalebone cane tapped along the floor as he set down that sack full of food. "It's the same food we sent Katara and the others. Most of it's fish, but I think you'll like the seaweed, moon peaches, and the sea prunes."

"Oh, that's neat!" Aang said, helping him unpack the bowls and little boxes of food.

With a grunt, Sokka sat down across from him, "Speaking of, Aang… I never got to ask, but why'd you leave Master Yagoda's healing hut anyway? I thought you loved her stews?"

"I do, but I guess I got tired of everything else." He shrugged, taking a bite out of a moon peach pie, "Sleeping on this bed surrounded by a thousand candles, getting all these offerings and having all these visitors to pray for me and to bless their family's whalebones and blue jade. Even after Master Yagoda stopped people from visiting, I couldn't even look out the window without people pointing, shouting and cheering at me from the sidewalks and rooftops. I couldn't take it. So, as soon as Master Yagoda let me, I moved back here. "

"Yeah, I can see why that'd get annoying," Sokka mumbled through a mouthful of his steamed fish, then wiping it with the sleeve of his blue parka.

Aang winced, "I don't want to call people annoying…"

"Hey, there's nothing wrong with calling out people when they're being annoying. Just got to square up and tell them how you really feel about what they're doing."

Aang thought about it and a smile tugged at his mouth, "Well, I do like the sound of opening up to people."

"Not what I meant, but you know what? Close enough!" Sokka laughed, "Proud of you for standing up for yourself and moving out of there. I know how boring it is getting stuck in there, healing huts always smell so weird with all that dried seaweed mixed with whatever. It's the worst. And from what I've heard, things were getting too crazy too."

Aang raised an eyebrow, "Crazy how?"

Sokka just shrugged. "Master Yagoda said that someone broke into the room where you stayed. She said she heard some voices coming from it, but when she went and checked, no one was there but someone had definitely rummaged through the room. Must have snuck in through the window or something. Your fans just go too far sometimes."

"Yeah, and I don't like it…" Aang furrowed his brows in worry, staring down into his bowl of sea prune stew.

Sokka sighed, probably noticing how his face scrunched up with worry, "Listen, Aang, I get it. It's not easy being the Avatar, with all the attention and the expectations. I know it's a lot. Maybe too much at times. But try to give my people a break, okay? We don't mean any harm. You're just… you mean a lot to them and the world as the Avatar, no way around that. Especially now, with everything going on."

Aang looked up, straight into Sokka's blue eyes, "But what if I can't live up to that? What if I let them down?"

"You won't, Aang. Not possible," Sokka shook his head firmly, his warrior wolftail swaying in the cool air of the cottage. "You're the Avatar. Even if you do nothing, you're still helping the world by just showing them that there's hope. So, trust me, you're making a difference, even when it feels like you're not doing enough."

Aang opened his mouth to protest, but Sokka beat him to it.

"But!" Sokka interrupted him with a smile, as if he knew that he was going to say disagree, "… But I know you're not the type of guy who'd just let everyone else do the work for you. So, if you want to help us now. You gotta do is stay alive. Easy peasy, right?"

"Thanks. I'll try to remember that."

"What can I say?" Sokka nodded smugly. "All that advising with the Northern Water Tribe big cheeses was good practice."

"I still feel off- like we're still in danger somehow. Did something happen?"

"Oh, there's been some fighting at the walls yesterday. Nothing major," Sokka said, setting down his empty food bowl, "Those 'Fire Nation Elites' aren't as scary when they can't get close with their ostrich-horses. Or when they look so small from up high in the wall. No one was even hurt in the fighting, and we haven't seen them since they rode off yesterday. Pretty lame of them to give up like that. Smart, but pretty lame."

"But Katara's out there. Without us." Aang pressed his lips together, the idea of Katara being out there with those giant ostrich-horses really bothered him a lot.

"Hey, I don't like leaving my sister alone either." Sokka said, leaning back in his bedroll and staring up at the ceiling, "I promised our dad that I'd always look after her, but Katara earned her spot, you know? The first girl First Wave- man, Northern Water Tribe titles sounds weird! Anyway, she's the first girl in a thousand years maybe longer to get it- even kicked Master Pakku's butt for it. A warrior of the Southern Water Tribe like me? I can totally respect that, and I kinda have to. But if my leg had been better, I'd have definitely gone along with her."

"You're still helping a lot of people by staying here advising the chieftains and the elders." Aang pointed out, earning a laugh from Sokka.

"Man, I still can't get over that… Sokka of the Southern Water Tribe, rubbing shoulders with the big chiefs and doing advising and leadering stuff…"

Aang smiled too, "I bet your dad would be impressed."

"Yeah, I think he would."

"So, you're not worried for her?"

"Katara? I don't think I'll ever not be worried for her, you know?" Sokka said, sounding to Aang as if he had already accepted it, "But I'm pretty sure she's safe. From what the troops who came to bring back supplies, they've mostly had trouble with the snow and food than anything the Fire Nation threw at them. And besides, Katara's got 10,000 warriors to boss around and more than 300 of her warrior-sisters guarding her. And they only got to fight an enemy a tenth of their size. Trust me, Aang, Katara's safer with them than she would have been with us two injured guys."

"Huh, I guess that's one way to look at things." Aang pressed his lips to a thin line. It was a mixed feeling, knowing that Katara didn't need him as much. That she could be safe without him. Was it wrong for him to wish she counted on him more? Aang didn't know, but he could at least say for sure that it's nice that he didn't have to worry for her- that she was fine. He could live with that.

"If you're really worried, I could take Appa and go check up on her. He should be good enough to fly by now, right?"

"I don't know…" Aang looked away, "Master Yagoda said he should take it easy too, but if it's for Katara…. Let's give Appa a bit more rest if that's alright?"

"I gotcha."

"Thanks, Sokka."

"No problemo~" Sokka yawned, burying himself deeper into his blue bedroll, "I'm gonna take a nap now. Those old geezers really like putting everything on me. So, if anyone comes knocking, I'm not here."

"Alright, have a nice nap, Sokka," nodded Aang.

"You heading out or something?"

Aang looked back and just shrugged, "I might stay here and meditate or might head out and get some sun. I haven't decided yet. Probably not."

"Man, Aang, you're pants at deciding today…" Sokka mumbled sleepily. "The Fire Nation's far, far away facing off against the best warriors of the Northern Water Tribe and my sister. I'm sure It'll be fine if you take a walk around town. What's the worst that can happen?"


"Anything, Suki?"

"Nothing yet. Let's scout the next building."​

(3 Days before the Armada arrives)

"Messenger Hawk from the Lieutenant, sir. 1st to 4th Regiments have linked with our barbarian allies. They have secured the [Engineering] weapons cache and confirmed the weapons are operational. All regiments are now setting up the site, preparing their positions and will be on full alert in preparation for the enemy's estimated arrival in 20 hours. Postscript from the Lieutenant reads: 'Just like we did in Omashu, sir?'"

"Immediate dispatch: Just like we did in Omashu. Except… leave no survivors."​


Under a morning sun and a light fog cover, the buffalo-yaks neighed as the royal sleigh skidded to a halt. Snow shuffled softly under Katara's snow shoes, arms around her torso clutching her painfully empty stomach as she stared- blue eyes wide with disbelief at what lay before her.

"This… this is too good to be true." Katara's awed whisper slipped through the frigid air.

They barely made any distance in yesterday's march. They, all ten thousand of them, had all underestimated how hard it was to march through snow with nothing to eat. Even sleep was difficult. It had been all Katara could do to keep them moving- keep them distracted from their empty bellies and muttering silent prayers to the Moon and Ocean Spirits. But with every step they took, the absence of the supply caravan and any food became harder to ignore. And though she didn't admit it aloud, a small, gnawing voice in the back of her mind had whispered that the supplies might never come. That they had to turn back, that they had failed.

But this discovery… It changed things.

"A Fire Nation base." Katara said what everyone else was thinking, her voice echoing slightly through the empty base. A circular wall of packed snow- less for defences and more for wind management- cradling Water Tribe village's worth of igloos. The snow underfoot was packed dense from the foot traffic it experienced, much easier to walk on, and the ashy scent of lit campfires still lingered in spots.

"This must have been where they've been attacking us from." Hahn nodded, staying in the royal sleigh. Meanwhile, behind him, the Water Tribe forces in their blue parkas and banners had caught up to them, still clutching their whalebone spears warily as they swept their eyes over the abandoned base and the absence of enemies.

It looks like they left in a hurry." Her Second Wave called out as she knelt down, picked up a red Fire Nation banner that had fallen, crumpled and half-buried in the snow. She turned towards Katara and said, "First Wave Katara, maybe we finally did chase them away?"

"Maybe we did..." Katara said, looking at the red Fire Nation banner in her Second Wave's hands. Not knowing how to feel about their enemy running away from them. It didn't feel like they were winning. Not with her stomach clenching in pain.

"What are you talking about? Of course we chased them away!" Hahn guffawed, and typical of Hahn, he did not let the chance to be cocky pass him by, "In fact, they've been on the run ever since we left Agna Qel'a. This just proves it- they know we'll win!"

His boast was loud enough for everyone to hear them, and a murmur of excitement rippled through the ranks of the Water Tribe forces, just a ripple. The warriors who had been trudging wearily moments before now straightened with a tentative hope. Their steps quickening as they explored the abandoned base, eager to see more signs that their head chieftain was right- that they really did chase away the Fire Nation. That they were winning this protracted battle if they can even call it that.

"Everyone, look!"​

Then, a pair of warriors returned, the widest smiles on their faces as they hoisted a long pole on their shoulders. And all along its length, long cuts of buffalo-yak meat dangled.

"There's two whole smokehouses filled to the brim with FOOD!"​

That cinched it.

They had asked the Moon and Ocean Spirits for a sign, and they were supplied with one. After days of biting hunger, the sight of food, even Fire Nation ones, was overwhelming. A loud cheer went up from the troops, and Katara felt a wave of relief wash over her. Her Second Wave cheered along as she wrapped an arm around Katara's shoulders. "They really did run!"

"See, First Wave?" Hahn grinned cockily at her. "I told you that we had to keep moving. We scared them into running away so fast that they even left their supplies behind!"

"Alright, I'll admit that I was wrong, Head Chieftain Hahn." Katara just smiled and shook her head, she couldn't even hold it against him. Not when even her stomach was making celebratory rumbles.

Hahn stood on the sleigh, rising above the crowd with his cocky grin, his spear raised high and his great, billowing blue cape behind him as he posed as if he had personally driven the Fire Nation away. "Men! This is the turning point!" he declared, "And today, we'll raise a toast to each other. The Fire Nation messed with our supplies, and then did an all-out attack that lasted the entire day. Our enemies threw everything they had at us, attacked us from every direction, but we fought them back each time! And just as I expected, when they saw that neither of those was enough to stop us, the cowards ran with their tails between their legs like wounded wolves! Our enemies, the 'greatest' soldiers that the Fire Nation had to offer, saw YOU- The might of this Northern Water Tribe army coming for them. AND. THEY. RAN!"

"VICTORY!"

"WATER TRIBE!"​

Yeah, Hahn had his faults- a lot of them- and he was only really good at boasting. But right now, Katara knew that was exactly what they needed: A braggart on their side who told them they could do anything and beat anyone, because they were the biggest, toughest warriors in the North Pole.

Hahn flourished his spear, pointing the bladed tip northwards, "Warriors! Nanuq's Valley is just up ahead where the Fire Nation huddled in fear of us! Not even a day away!" His blue eyes swept over the crowd, "We'll fortify this position! Make this our own base! There's enough supplies here for us to hold out for a day or two while we regain our strength and prepare for the final push, for our final victory! And more importantly, there's more than enough for the supply caravan to arrive. More than enough for… EXTRA RATIONS!"

"RATIONS!"

"WATER TRIBE!"​

This time, even Katara cheered along. "Rations!"


(Several hours later)

"That was the best meal I've had in days," Katara said, a satisfied sigh escaping her lips as she sat back against the curved wall of an igloo, feeling the warmth from her recent meal settle in her stomach. "I almost forgot what it felt like to eat until I was full."

Beside her, her Second Wave sat, ice crystals clinging to the long strands of black hair that had slipped out of the other girl's hood. She finished off the last of her ration and wiped her mouth with the back of her mittened hand and sat back with a smile, "Me too, Master Katara… Thank the Moon and Ocean Spirits that we caught the Fire Nation just as they were smoking the meat."

"Yeah, lucky us, right?!" Katara laughed.

The smell of smoked buffalo-yak meat still lingered in the air, mingling with the scent of melting snow and the faint, persistent odour of ash that seemed to cling to the abandoned Fire Nation base. The sky was a dull grey blanket overhead, and the sun barely a smudge behind the thick fog. And it's only gotten thicker as the afternoon waned, shrouding the camp in a dense, white blanket. So dense that it was getting harder to see beyond the first few rows of igloos.

"This fog… it's getting heavier." Her Second Wave muttered.

"Yeah, I noticed that too," Katara said, her tone reassuring. "But I heard that it's not that unusual for the Polar Wastes. Weird weather comes with the territory. At least everyone's inside the walls."

"Yeah." The other girl's lips tugged into a unsure frown, wrapping her arms around her knees as they huddled for warmth.

She could only imagine how much worse the winds was outside of the Fire Nation-made wall where the rest of the army had to make their igloos. Sure, the wall itself wasn't much, but it at least stopped the worst of the arctic winds. And also, they all felt safer knowing they had at least something between them and a possible Fire Nation cavalry attack. It had been enough of a concern that there had been some… bickering about who gets the igloos inside the walls; but Katara managed to convince everyone to give them for medical igloos and the trained healers- namely Katara and the girls. Her warrior-sisters needed them the most in her opinion. There had been some talk about forming an outer wall, but with the Fire Nation on the run, the other waterbenders shelved that idea for tomorrow as they rested.

"How's the situation with the other medical igloos?" Katara asked, trying to keep the conversation focused on practical matters.

Her Second Wave hesitated, but Katara noticed the flash of worry visible through the fur lining of her parka hood before getting buried. "More people are collapsing from weakness, First Wave," the other girl admitted, "And I've been feeling weak too. Even worse than before."

"It's probably just exhaustion," Katara said, forcing a steady and reassuring tone into her voice. "We've been marching on empty stomachs for days. Now that we've finally had a decent meal, our bodies are just reacting. It's normal."

Her Second Wave nodded slowly. "I'm sorry, Master Katara," she murmured, her tone candid- almost ashamed, "It's just… I never knew war could be this hard. The marching, the people dying, the rationing and the hunger and the… everything. It's just so hard."

"Look at me." she said softly, reaching out to grasp her second-in-command's mittened hand. And offered a thin smile. "Chin up, it's almost over. If it weren't for this fog, we'd be able to see the Fire Nation base by now. Right at that foggy horizon where Nanuq's Valley is. We'll beat the outnumbered Fire Nation soldiers who are definitely even weaker from hunger than we are. Then we'll save the chiefs and the princess, and then we'll all head home. Together. We're going to be alright."

"But… none of us really fought the Fire Nation. We were just stabilising and treating the wounded while you and the men did all the fighting. We're not brave like you or the men are."

"Hey, don't say that," Katara gently admonished, "It took courage to do what you did. You were saving lives, even when the enemy was close by. That's bravery too."

The other girl nodded, her breath coming out as mist from her parka's hood, though her blue eyes still held a trace of fear. "But Master Katara, what if… what if we have to fight? Really fight?"

"Then you should know that each of you are worth ten Fire Nation soldiers!" Katara said with a wide smile, trying to do her best to make it genuine while also overly conscious about her voice being a touch too brisk. "And besides, we might not have to! We outnumber the Fire Nation 10-to-1. Even if we wanted to, I don't think there's even space for us to be on the frontlines! So, you can let the men handle the fighting. That's what they're here for."

Her friend nodded, snow falling off the top of her parka hood. "I… you're right, First Wave. Sorry for being a scaredy cat-owl. It won't happen again."

"It's alright." Katara forced herself to smile again, squeezing her friend's hand in reassurance. "We'll finish our rounds with the medical igloos, get the blood pumping and shake off that weakness. I promise that by tomorrow, everything will be clearer."

She stood up, and helped pull her second-in-command to her feat. All the while, Katara did her best to hide how weak she was feeling too.

"I'll do my best, Master Katara." The Second Wave offered a small, weak smile. "For the Northern Water Tribe. For our people."

The words were barely out of her mouth when the first fireball streaked through the fog, trailing smoke and fire as it hurtled toward the camp. It crashed into the centre of the base with a deafening explosion, sending chunks of ice and snow flying in all directions.

"FIRE!" someone screamed, panic edging their voice. "FIRE FROM THE SKY!"

Katara barely had time to react. Instinctively, she threw herself and her Second Wave to the ground, her heart pounding as the force of the blast rippled through the icy ground beneath them. For a moment, all she could hear was the ringing in her ears, the world around her a blur of motion and noise. She blinked rapidly, trying to clear her vision, her breath coming in shallow gasps as she looked up to see flames licking at the edges of the shattered igloos.

Then more came, bright orange streaks in the fog-covered sky.

"They're coming from all directions!" a warrior shouted, his voice nearly drowned out by the roar of the explosions. "We're surrounded!"

Katara scrambled to her feet, her breath coming in quick, shallow gasps as she tried to make sense of what was happening. Another fireball arced through the fog, followed by another, each one slamming into another area of camp some distance from them.

"First Wave! What do we-

"Stay close!" she called out, grabbing her Second Wave's arm and pulling her to her feet. "We need to-"

Before she could finish, another explosion rocked the ground, this one so close that the heat warmed her face. The force of the blast knocked her back, and she stumbled, barely managing to keep her balance as the world tilted around her.

Through the chaos, Hahn's voice rang out, loud and commanding. "NORTHERN WATER TRIBE! TO ARMS!" he bellowed, his sleigh-mounted figure emerging from the fog to the sound of buffalo-yaks, his great blue cape billowing behind him as he looked to Katara. "Well? What are you waiting for!? Take out those damn Warm Lander Catapults! Charge!"

"But in what direction?!" Katara yelled back at him.

"At the enemy! Duh!"

"But the artillery is coming from everywhere!"

"Then charge everywhere!" He raised his whalebone spear higher in the air, waving it, "CHARGE, WARRIORS! CHAAAARGGGEEE!"

The order was met with a wild chorus of shouts as the Water Tribe warriors, their fear momentarily forgotten, replaced by pure adrenaline. In the midst of the explosions, the camp was a chaotic whirlpool of movement, warriors grabbing their whalebone spears and scattered in every direction- they couldn't just sit there and wait for a Fire Nation fireball to blast them to bits.

"First Wave! KATARA!" Her Second Wave's voice, and her hand on her shoulder, snapped her out of her thoughts. Desperate blue eyes locked with hers, "What do we do?!"

Katara's heart pounded in her chest as she tried to think, to focus on what they needed to do. They were healers, not soldiers, but looking at the backs of the men who were leaving them behind to charge at the enemy…

She clenched her fists.

With a grand gesture, she raised herself up on a platform of ice taller than the igloos. With another, she did her best to clear the fog around her. A host of three hundred feminine eyes, those of her Radiant Moonflower Warrior-Sisters, looked to her even as the men charged off. These were the same women who had trained under her guidance, who she had fought for their right to stand shoulder to shoulder with the men of the Water Tribe.

"Radiant Moonflower Warrior-Sisters! Ready yourselves!" She shouted to them, "The Fire Nation are underestimating you, just as the men of the Northern Water Tribe had. But today, you're gonna show them- and everyone else- what the women of the Northern Water Tribe are capable of. We're going to take those artillery positions! And we're going to do it together! FOR THE NORTHERN WATER TRIBE!"

And for the first time in more than a hundred years, the voices of women rang out in a fierce battle cry.

"FOR THE NORTHERN WATER TRIBE!"​

She led them. Right from the front, she led them. Past the safety of the walls, past the field of igloos, over the charred bodies of men and deeper into the fog. Three hundred footsteps charging with her.

Katara snuck a peek over her shoulders, just to see the sight; and her heart swelled with pride at what she saw: Her brave three hundred sisters charging into battle with their waterbending, ready to take on the Fire Nation's artillery positions. This was their finest hour- the moment she had fought for and the moment they all had dreamed of. Fireballs continued to streak overhead, each one lighting up the fog for a brief moment before crashing into the ground with a powerful explosion.

But that didn't stop them- didn't even slow them down- because at that moment, they were unstoppable.

"Stay together!" She called out as they moved deeper into the fog, the visibility dwindling with every step. The fog was thick, but their determination was thicker. "Warrior-sisters! We fight as one!"

"This is it!" shouted one of the warrior-sisters beside Katara, her voice filled with a fierce joy. "This is what we've been training for!"

They raced deeper into the fog- following the source of those fiery streaks of artillery that seared overhead. The fog was so thick now that it was hard to see more than a few metres ahead, but that didn't matter when they were all heading to the same point anyway. The artillery positions were close- she could feel it, sense it- and the anticipation of victory spurred them on.

Three clans of Water Tribe warriors joined them, each one made up by about three hundred brave men in blue parkas and whalebone spears. Katara exchanged nods with the chiefs, a silent agreement as their respective units charged forward together, following the arcing fireballs to their source.

Charging some distance, the fog eventually thinned enough. And they saw it: one of the artillery pieces.

Katara had seen Fire Nation catapults before- been at the business end of it more times than she could count. They were metal Fire Nation machines taller than even Appa and capable of launching fireballs larger than her entire body. It was usually a team of Fire Nation soldiers. Practically helpless. But what they came across… This was something different. Instead of the towering contraption she expected, there was a smaller version- scoop, arm and all- mounted on the back of an ostrich-horse. An [Ostrich-horse-mounted Mini Catapult].

The Fire Nation rider, clad in a black coat and bright red armour, turned to look at them. His glowing eyes widened behind his helmet, and then-

"Honk!"​

He wheeled his ostrich-horse around with surprising agility and galloped away, massive strides made by its bird legs carrying across the snow and into the fog, far too fast for anyone on foot to catch up.

Just like that, their glorious charge was for nothing.

"I'm starting to really, really hate that sound," Katara grumbled, her teeth clenched in frustration.

"Men!" One of the men from the clan that charged with them shouted- waving a thick arm at his warriors- the whalebone carving on his chest signifying him as a chief, "Head back to camp, search for anyone injured from the barrage!"

"First Wave Katara?" Her own Second Wave's voice cut through the fog, trembling slightly.

"What?" Katara snapped, more out of anxiety than anger.

"The other artillery- it's stopped. It's all quiet now." the Second Wave asked, her voice wavering with a mix of hope and fear. "Does that mean it's just another of those 'hit-and-run' attacks by the Fire Nation? …is it over now?"

Katara whipped her head around and realised the other girl was right. No more fireballs burned through the sky overhead, just this quiet- and not the good kind. It was the kind of silence that invaded your personal space- especially with what had been a chaotic battlefield just seconds ago. Nothing to be heard but their own breathless panting and snow shifting under their nervous feet. Something definitely felt off. The Fire Nation vanished, the heavy fog… it wasn't over. It couldn't be. "Everyone, stay alert!" Katara said loud enough for it to be carried through the fog, "I don't think it's over just yet!"

Her warrior-sisters and the men from the three clans nodded and tensed- their grips tightening on their whalebone spears and water pouches.

"First Wave Katara, should we go find the others too?" her Second Wave began, her frame in her blue parka hunched in a cautious waterbending stance, "We're probably spread out everywhere now. And Head Chieftain Hahn is probably far away too."

Katara's blue eyes flew wide open, and she whipped her gaze to her second-in-command. "Wait. Say that again!" She didn't know why, but that made her very nervous, very suddenly.

The other girl blinked in brief confusion, but repeated herself anyway, "Head Chieftain Hahn is probably far away too?"

"No, the part before that."

"We're probably spread out everywhere now?"

Katara's heart dropped into her stomach. That's it. If their entire army had charged in every direction- scattered and lost in this thick, disorienting fog- then they weren't an army of 10,000. No, they were several armies of less than 1,000- exactly the size that the Bloody 41st massacred all across the Earth Kingdom. Face pale, Katara shouted to them all, "Regroup! Get everyone back together before it's too late!"

But it already was. Out of the silent fog, came the screams of dying men.

The first scream pierced echoed across the snowy landscape. Sharp, desperate, and abruptly cut off by the honk of Fire Nation ostrich-horse cavalry. Another scream followed, then another- each one silenced as if the Fire Nation was plucking them out of the frigid air and replacing them with the sound of feasting ostrich-horses.

"hooonk!"​

A nervous mutter rippled across the troops including her own Radiant Moonflower warrior-sisters. Because everyone quietly knew that each of those screams was someone who had been consigned to a grisly fate of being torn apart and eaten alive.

"More of those damned birds!" one of the chiefs shouted, "Men! Form up! Defending Half Moon formation around the women!"

The men flowed into their tightly packed formations- forming a curved spear wall made of sharp whalebone and brave men in their blue parkas. Mist formed from their exhales as they placed themselves between her warrior-sisters and wherever the Fire Nation was charging from.

"Where are those honks coming from?!" a male warrior behind them shouted, the rising panic was infectious.

Before Katara could respond, the familiar, terrifying honking of Fire Nation ostrich-horse cavalry filled the air, echoing from all directions. The honks reverberated through the fog, surrounding them. Yet no matter which direction they turned their heads and how hard they squinted, the monstrous birds remained unseen.

"What's happening?" one of the warrior-sisters beside her gasped, and despite holding the waterbending stance that she had been taught, there was no hiding the fearful expression or the way her mittened hands trembled over her water pouch. "Over there, I see something!"

They spotted the silhouette aimed at by her pointed finger.

One of the clan's warriors came running back, his weapon nowhere to be found as he sprinted as fast as he could over the snow. Pure, unadulterated terror on his face as he waved his arms in the air and shouted at them, "Snow! Snow! Snow! SNOW! SNO-"

A Fire Nation glaive thrust out of the white snow- skewering him through his side. Immediately, it was followed by the open maw of a great ostrich-horse's beak emerging from the snow like some great Tiger-shark swallowing some poor swimmer whole. With an audible snap, the beak chomped down at the man's waist before pulling him down into the snow. His lower half, now disconnected from everything above the waist, crumpled lifelessly onto the snow.

"Honk!"​

Katara found her voice. "They're in the snow!" she screamed, "THEY'RE IN THE SNOW!"

The panicked screams spread, and every waterbender in earshot began frantically turning the snow beneath their feet into solid ice.

"For the Water Tribe!"​

A sudden battlecry rang out from the thinning fog. Silhouettes of spears and parkas faintly appeared through it, and Katara's heart soared with hope. "For the Water Tribe!" she shouted back to let them know they were on the same side, her voice straining to rise above the din. "Watch out! The Fire Nation- they're hiding in the snow!"

But then something zipped through the air, a faint whistle that barely registered before it was too late.

"F-First Wave Katara?"

Katara turned just in time to see one of her Radiant Moonflower Warrior-sisters collapse into the snow, a sharp crystalline icicle the size of her forearm embedded in her chest. The red stain spreading across her parka was the only colour in the stark white world. But before anyone could say anything, more razor-sharp [Icicle Sprays] zipped through the air, slicing through the fog like deadly arrows. The yelps and shouts of pain that followed telling her that the icicles had found their mark on some unfortunate souls.

"Warrior-sisters! [Ice Walls]! NOW!" Katara shouted, her voice hoarse as she raised her arms. The ice walls sprang up just in time, the icicles embedding themselves into them with a series of sharp cracks.

"For the Water Tribe!" a voice cried out again, but this time, the tone was different- hostile, filled with anger and aimed at them.

"Enemy waterbenders?! Who are these people?!" someone began. And another Water Tribe warrior shouted the answer for all to hear.

"BARBARIANS!"​

"Barbarians?!" Katara's eyes widened as she saw them.

Men in blue parkas, practically their own Water Tribe colours, pulled the [Ice Walls] back into water before they continued to charge straight through- their blue eyes glowing in the dark as they crashed into their own line of men. Spear clashed against spear, Waterbender against Waterbender, Water Tribe against Water Tribe. Even the cry of 'For the Water Tribe!' was met with another more furious and hate-filled counterpart. The only difference between friend and foe were the barbarians' steel weapons that hacked away at their ceremonial whalebone ones. And the long strips of red fabric stitched to the top of their parkas' hoods. Fire Nation colours. Traitors.

In the midst of the brutal melee, barbarian horns trumpeted- all across the arctic air from all directions. A signal. A signal that was answered by something much more terrifying.

"HOOOONK!"​

Fire Nation cavalry burst from hidden ambush holes in an explosion of snow. Their monstrous ostrich-horses honked wildly, their beaks still red with the blood of the men they ambushed, and their riders flourishing razor-sharp Guandao glaives. Massive talons encased in snowshoes thumped on the snow and ice. Not hiding their presence anymore. Because why would they?

Even the Fire Nation knew that this wasn't like the last time when they had last battled.

"East! EAST!"

"No, that's north!"

"North! NORTH!"

"NOT NORTH! EAST!"​

They were no longer the unstoppable Water Tribe army of 10,000 freshly trained and freshly rested warriors who had just left Agna Qel'a. No, they were the ragged band of 1,200 desperately trying to fight effectively after days of hunger, restless sleep, deadly skirmishes and forced marches across unforgiving Polar Wastes terrain. Even now, after having filled their bellies to the brim with the supplies they had claimed from the abandoned Fire Nation base, Katara felt so weak. They all did. Just the charge here alone made her legs tremble.

Everywhere she looked, things didn't look good for their warriors.

A Water Tribe warrior would parry a spear thrust only for their whalebone spear to snap under barbarian steel. Meanwhile, the tips of their own ceremonial whalebone spears often failed to pierce through the Barbarian parkas. Their waterbenders pushed and pulled with their barbarian counterparts who were faster and stronger.

Then the Fire Nation attacked.

Katara watched as those immense war birds simply jumped over the fluttering red cloth strips of their barbarian allies and landed in the midst of their warriors' lines. Anyone not bearing the telltale red cloth strips had to face a whirlwind of guandao glaives, firebending, and powerful beaks.

Three entire clans worth of Agna Qel'a bravest warriors... and they were losing the melee.

"First Wave, what do we do?!"​

"Just keep treating the men! But get ready to fight!" Katara shouted back.

Her own Radiant Moonflower warrior-sisters couldn't even help with the fight- the main battle line was too close, and in this chaos, not even Katara was sure that she could pull an [Icicle Spray] without hitting their own allies. So, they did what they could, tending to any wounded man who was able to stagger his way to them. Makeshift medical beds of ice and snow propped up and the glow of [Ocean's Waters] shone as they cleaned and closed wounds. But apart from that, they could do nothing but watch in horror as the battlefield devolved into utter chaos. Entirely powerless to help.

She hated that feeling, and wished that they could do more than sit in the back lines- that they could fight. Unfortunately, her wish was immediately granted when the cry rang out:

"Watch out, they've broken through the left flank!"​

She looked up just in time to see the Fire Nation ostrich-horse cavalry crash through the shattered spear wall.

Just them- three hundred of the Radiant Moonflower warrior-sisters… against ten of these creatures. Creatures that had grown to a monstrous size on their diet of human flesh, feasting on the brave fallen of every fortress that they had trampled under their talons. Creatures that were dripping from head to toe in the blood and gore of their bravest warriors. And creatures… that they now had to fight on their own- no Water Tribe men to stand between them.

That was when the realisation hit Katara- as in really hit her.

They weren't fighting against the Fire Nation. They were fighting against the 41st Division.

"HOOOONK!"​

… and Katara took an involuntary step back, not sure of their odds anymore.

The 41st Division charged. Massive forms barrelling forward with unstoppable force, trampling over the dead and dying with their talons. Their riders' eyes glowing with a predatory light as the moonlight caught the edges of their Guandao glaives, turning the Fire Nation steel into deadly, gleaming lances aimed at their next targets- Katara and her sisters.

"Warrior-sisters! [Icicle Sprays]!" She screamed, her voice breaking as she tried to rally her forces.

Some were still frozen in fear, but most managed to do as ordered. The women at the front loosed a hailstorm of sharpened icicles- some hurling shards large as big as their arms and some launching clouds of icicles as small as their pinky fingers- all cutting through the air like arrows. But the snarling ostrich-horses didn't even slow down, and their riders barely even flinched. Their attacks deflecting off Fire Nation armour in rapid clinks that were barely audible over the din of battle.

In fact, their attacks only seemed to make the ostrich-horses angrier. And hungrier.

"[Ice wall]!" Katara called out, watching them charge before shrieking again. "Stop gawking and FORM THAT MOON SPIRIT DAMNED WALL!"

Shocked into action, her sisters frantically pushed the snow into solid barriers. Clear icy walls rose from the snow, but the challenge of pushing snow into an [Ice Wall] to cover such a wide front became painfully clear: Too narrow of a wall and the Fire Nation ostrich-horses just side-stepped each. Too short, and they hopped over it like a fallen log. Too thin, and the monstrous beasts just smashed through as if it were fragile glass. Each failed attempt saw those monsters honking closer. But eventually, a strong, wide wall took shape, plugging the gap in their warriors' line. Except…

… Several of her warrior-sisters were trapped on the wrong side, banging their fists against the ice wall, voices muffled by the ice wall.

"Sisters! PLEASE!"

"Don't leave me!"

"KATARA!"​

Blood splattered on the other side of the ice wall, and the screaming rose.

"Stop! Pull the wall down!" Katara pulled at the wall, but more ice was being pushed into it instead.

She whipped around. "What are you doing?! I said pull it down!" she screamed at her troops, but still wide-eyed with desperation, her warrior-sisters kept waterbending- adding more layers to the wall that separated them. The frosted blue surface thickened until it became opaque- until the silhouettes of her trapped sisters no longer visible, the screaming had stopped.

A hand shook her shoulder.

"First Wave Katara!" One of the chiefs from a neighbouring clan shouted, blood streaming from a deep gash on his forehead and staining his blue parka, "We can't secure the flanks any longer! We'll hold them off as long as we can! Take the women and save yourselves!"

"But-" Katara's heart pounded in her chest as she glanced back at the solid wall of ice. The cries for help were growing fainter, the pounding more softer, but the Fire Nation was closing in. She could hear the battle raging on still, the clash of weapons, the roars of rage, the honking of the ostrich-horses' approach, all of it closing down from all sides with every heartbeat.

"Master Katara! What do we do!?" One of the Third Waves asked her. And the question drew the attention of all the warrior-sisters in earshot, all of them holding pure desperation in their Waterbender blue eyes.

"I-"

'I don't know.'

But Katara did know. She knew what she had to do. Hardening her heart, she faced the rest of her Radiant Moonflower Warrior-Sisters, and shouted loud enough for her voice carrying through the chaos. "Everyone, retreat! Get out of here, now!"

"Retreat! RETREAT!"

"Retreat! Move, now!"​

The command rippled outward. Her warrior-sisters echoed the order as they turned and fled. The blue of their parkas blurred into the mist as they distanced themselves in a desperate scramble. Their legs, weakened from days of hunger and exhaustion, found a last reserve of strength driven by the sheer desperate will to escape with their lives.

Then Katara's eyes widened in horror as she saw several squads of Radiant Moonflower Warrior-Sisters scatter in all directions. "STOP!" She shouted, "Stop going in different directions!"

"HOOOONK!"​

But it was too late. From all directions, horrid screams began to ring out as they were found.

"Someone! Help!"

"Please! We have wounded!"

"They're eating us- AAAGH!"​

"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry!" Katara whispered before shouting to the bulk of her unit who remained with her- those who were still alive, "Warrior-sisters, We have to get out of here! Follow me!"

Using her own warrior-sisters as early warning- as sacrificial bait, Katara guided them as they all ran for their lives. Going wherever the battlecries and the screaming was not yet present. As they ran, they even passed some brave man who dragged the injured along on makeshift sleds of ice- slowing them down considerably as they struggled in the deep snow…

"HOOOONK!"​

…They wouldn't be the last ones they had to leave behind.

"Sisters?! Anyone?! I need help! I can't walk!"

"PLEASE!"​

Katara focused her mind and hardened her heart. All that mattered was the warrior-sisters with her. Not the ones who collapsed, and not the ones who tried to help them. But the ones who ran with her then. No one else.

So, they kept running.

They did what they had to- to save the ones they could. And that was all that mattered.


The fog closed in behind them like a heavy white curtain, swallowing the last signs of the battle… The valorous cries of the men's last stand, the screams of the dying, the victorious calls of the ostrich-horses- all of it faded away, but still, they kept moving. Running on until the only thing they could hear was their gasping breath and their own footsteps on the snow.

"Second Wave! Get a tally of all the wounded," Katara called over her shoulder. She let a minute or two pass by, but when no response came, she turned around to face her tired sisters-in-arms. Her eyes scanned over the faces. "Second Wave? Where's the Second Wave? Has anyone seen her?"

They all looked away as they muttered. "Master Katara… Second Wave Nessa… she had been on the other side of the wall."

"No…" Katara felt her heart twist in her chest. Her blue eyes immediately went back to the direction they'd been running in, "No, no, no no… That's not possible. You're wrong! There was just so much screaming- you must have misheard! We wouldn't have- I couldn't have just left her to die!"

Snow crunched under her as she fell to her knees. Her tears freezing before they hit the snow.

"… We did what we had to- to save the ones we could." Katara told herself, "And that was all that mattered. It has to be."


- When the Snow Starts Honking in Ostrich-Horse End -​


~ Chapter 30 - The Defeated ~​

~In which… Khan comes across starving, injured girls in the middle of the Polar Wastes willing to debase themselves for food and medicine. Surprisingly, it wasn't part of the plan. Also… what happens to the main cast when plot armour runs out? ~

Coming Soon for Public Release!​

AN:

This chapter occurs during the episode... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 19 - The Siege of the North)

Conceivably, It only would have taken 3 days… for Khan to win. But he didn't like taking losses with his top tier units, so he waited until more expendable allies arrived to tank enemy aggro. Just like all Mount and Blade players. And just like MnB players, if you manage to get even a squad of your top tier cavalry units behind the enemy spear wall, they'll chew through the enemy ranks quick. Moreover, the Viking Conquest DLC also introduced Stamina as an optional feature. Making enemy infantry chase you around on your horse until they're exhausted is a strat I've used on occasion. I only wish they had implemented a massively increased stamina cost for traversing heavy snow like in this fic.

The general tactic is just… Chinggis Khan's Dog Fight tactic (and with some variation). Setup/choose a favourable battlefield, skirmish the enemy, bait a charge out of them into said favourable locations… Once the enemy is overextended/exhausted/demoralised, lock them in place with cheap allied/enslaved infantry if available, heavy cavalry sweep if available, then grind them down with a number of finisher strategies ranging from encirclement to a chased retreat. But the innovations in siege technology including explosives and stink bombs were taken from Ogedei Khan's invasion of Europe in the 1200s. All in all, conceivably Mongolian tactics.

Deliberately wrote this to be… easier than it looked since it was from Katara's POV. Her unit got extra rations, better accommodations, willing meat shields, a sleigh for most of the march instead of slogging it over the snow. Even the 10,000 men getting slaughtered was kind of just emotionally glossed over compared to their own losses.
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like LikeReport
Like Reactions:You, 1SOGGYBOI, Ghjikl and 1,709 others
Infonticus
Oct 25, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 30 - The Defeated
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Jan 27, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,492
Chapter 30 - The Defeated

~In which… Khan comes across starving, injured girls in the middle of the Polar Wastes willing to debase themselves for food and medicine. Surprisingly, it wasn't part of the plan. Also… what happens to the main cast when plot armour runs out? ~


(2 Days before the Armada arrives) [North Pole - Polar Wastes]

"… We're probably the only ones left, aren't we?"​

Out of all the sounds around them- the deep crunch of snow under their shoes, the wind whipping at their blue parkas, the vast white tundra stretching endlessly on all sides- it was that single whisper that cut through to Katara. And it did so, because… because it echoed the voice at the back of her mind, the one that sometimes whispered the same thing. The men had covered their retreat. They had left their own warrior-sisters behind to those… honking monsters. But was all that sacrifice enough? Just to be lost and alone in the Polar Wastes? She didn't have the map that Sokka drew.

No. Katara shook her head clear of those thoughts, breaking off strands of her brown hair that had frozen solid.

She was still First Wave.

No matter what happened, it was her duty to get them all out of here, maybe even to finish the mission that had drawn them into this stupid, frozen wasteland in the first place.

Her mittened fists clenched as she turned, meeting the eyes of the brave two hundred girls and women who trudged in her footsteps. Their faces red from the cold and blue hoods heavy with accumulated snow. The injured were laying on ice sleds being pulled by girls, utterly exhausted from hours of running away. Weariness and desperation in their blue eyes as they all looked to her.

"The 10,000 haven't fallen. They can't have," Katara declared, her voice loud, firm, unbroken. She pointed into the distance from they had ran from and raised her voice louder. "Those Fire Nation soldiers, no matter how well-trained, don't stand a chance against our people. Those ten thousand men- our kin, our Tribe… They'd never lose to a thousand riders and a few barbarians! Yes, we've lost a few- "

Second Wave Nessa's smiling face flashed in her vision, and Katara stiffened her entire body to hide her wince.

"-many of our sisters, and yes, we're separated from the main force, but we're not out here, wandering alone. We'll regroup with the main army at the shadow of Nanuq's Valley!" she insisted, letting the words ring out, as if sheer force could make them true. "And when we do, they'll see we didn't give up, not once. They'll see that the Radiant Moonflower Warrior-sisters are of the Water Tribe too! That we are just as tough! That we made it!"

Most heads nodded, faintly at first, then with a touch more confidence.

The few that didn't… It didn't matter. Katara knew they'll come around once they saw the rest of the army again. She turned back, trudging over the snow again, focusing on putting snowshoe in front of the other. All across this sea of endless white, the army stood scattered, but unbroken. She knew it.

The ten thousand will come. Maybe fewer, and maybe a bit bloodied- but they'll come.

"They will." Katara repeated to herself, holding onto her own words. "They will."



[North Pole - Polar Wastes]

From the snowy plains to the jagged crags, the bodies of our enemies lay.

Thousands of them, still half-buried in red-stained snow as the morning sun shined on their frozen, lifeless faces. Some lay in large crowds where they had stood shoulder to shoulder in valorous last stands, stiff frosted hands still gripping snapped whalebone spears. Others were little more than torn open gibbets where hungry ostrich-horses had chased down cowards who had tried to run. And broken [Ice Walls] jutted out from the trodden snow- final, desperate acts of Waterbending. In vain, of course.

It was there that our horde of barbarian allies, standing over their enemies' dead bodies, raised their Fire Nation-forged (Superior) [Steel Water Tribe Spears] up to the rising sun and roared 'Victory!'

A victory that had just vindicated a hundred-year-old vendetta- a sign of the Moon and Ocean Spirits' favour. Clearly, they had sent the 'Hot Landers' to correct the grave injustice- this imbalance in the Norther Water Tribe borne of old treacheries. And for our part, we were doing a spectacular job of doing the Spirits' work. This battle we had won had marked out the right path in history for the Water Tribe- the one where they worked hand-in-hand with the Fire Nation.

However, it was far from over…

"Chief Khan! Where's Chief Khan?! We have wounded!"
… because I faced the question that every victorious military leader had to ask themselves: At what cost?

"Trauma Igloo!" My deep voice boomed from inside said expansive igloo. My red boots crunched softly on the packed snow floor as my armoured, seven-foot-tall frame navigated between rows of fur beds, each occupied by barbarian soldiers in various states of injury. The cold air was thick with coppery scent of blood and fragrant herbal salves. Ice window panes allowed the yellowish sunlight to stream in, illuminating the barbarian women who moved with me, their blue parkas adorned with long red strips of cloth that fluttered as tended the injured, their hands glowing with [Ocean's Waters], soothing bruises and mending wounds before they updated the ice tablets hewn with the patients' medical status.

The last part was my edict, because I was going to impart intuitive organisation and efficient operations management into this world even if it killed them.

"Chief Khan!" A second group of barbarian women rushed into the trauma igloo.

"I heard the horns." My skull helm turned towards them, "How many this time?"

"Just one, but-"

"Get your hands off me, woman! I don't have time to be coddled with waterbending!" Chief Essin barked as he was helped inside the trauma igloo, his toothless scowl as fixed as the icicle jutting from his shoulder. Blood had frozen into a brittle line down his parka sleeve, but he gave no sign of pain, only irritation, as though he'd merely stubbed his toe rather than had a spear of ice lodged halfway through his shoulder. Likely still high off the Red Bull that I gave him.

One of the healers tried to ease him back onto a bed, only to receive a swat for her trouble as if she was an irritating fly.

"I said leave it to me!" he growled, gesturing dismissively. The glistening icicle bobbed slightly from the movement. "Like I told the women of the other clan, just hand me some bandages and fermented buffalo-yak milk and I'll tend to it my damn self! I've been wrapping wounds like these since before you were weaned from your mothers' teats!"

He stopped abruptly as he saw me.

"Khan? Why're you here?" he asked, squinting. "You haven't learned to waterbend, have you? With how you handled those city pukes, I wouldn't put it past you."

"No, not waterbending." I shook my head. "But I have something just as useful: the [Surgery] skill."

"Bah, I don't have time for you to sew me up like a torn pair of pants-"

"This will only take a moment," I said, kneeling at his side. "I'm not healing it 'right,' I'm healing it 'now.' The quick and dirty way."

The old man squinted up at me, and settled back. "Quick and dirty? Sounds like my kind of treatment," He echoed, his heavily wrinkled brown face clearly considering it, "Alright, show these women how to do it fast."

"Hold still," I said, stepping forward. I pulled out my surgery toolkit… and a chewy puffin-seal steak, which I promptly stuffed into my patient's mouth, "Bite down on that. Scream if you must, but don't forget to breath."

"Nnnn? Nggghhh!"

With a yank on the icicle, I went to work. The bloodied piece of ice was barely out before my suture needle was already on the muscles. My notable Dexterity went to work, stitching the tissue together at a speed that no licensed medical professional would dare to go. The muscle tissue closed first followed by the subcutaneous fat layer. Each time, pouring [Dew of the Mountain: Frostbite] directly onto the wound, before finally moving onto the wrinkled skin, and closing the wound shut.

Surgery Level 11 Reached!

[Surgery] Lvl 11 - Expert​

The skill- and subconscious body of knowledge to perform it- to keep broken bodies working, or at least functional enough to keep going. From battlefield triage to salvaging mobility from crushed limbs, [Surgery] is the gritty, hands-on approach to repairing or altering the messy canvas that is the organic body. Other medical-adjacent skills (e.g. Herbalism) increase XP gain.

At higher levels, [Surgery] transforms the human body from something stabilised and rebuilt into something almost malleable. Reconstructive procedures and cosmetic surgery to circumvent the limitations of the human body. Even prosthetics to restore limbs. Some would even argue that they'd be improvements even- replacing weak flesh with the strength and certainty of steel… If you can find or even fabricate such things.

Level 5 - Apprentice Skill Perk​

Sterile Zone (Passive & Active): Washing hands and wearing gloves for surgery is for other, less cool surgeons… Passively reduces infection risk in a radius around yourself. This perk can also be activated to actively sterilise your surroundings, especially around your hands. Intensity, duration and cooldown scales with [Surgery] skill level.

Level 10 - Expert Skill Perk​

Fool-proofed Medicine (Passive): Better double the stitches, this one looks like he has a favourite flavour of crayon… Upon successful initial treatment, your patients gain a constitution bonus for healing rate and for preventing injury relapses (e.g. tearing open stitches, rebreaking a healing bones, etc.) Intensity and duration scales with [Surgery] skill level.

+ R +​

"And done." I said, tightening a white bandage around the elderly chief's shoulder, who blinked at me.

"That was it?" His old, raspy voice asked.

"Yes, quick and dirty as promised." I replied, stowing my Surgery kit back into my [Inventory]. My skull helm turned, looking at the healer women. "Healers, Chieftain Essin's stitches are made from puffin-seal intestine and will be absorbed by his body in a few days just like everyone else's. Keep up nightly treatments with [Ocean's Waters] and his recovery time will be down to a third or a fourth of what it normally would be."

"Yes, Chief Khan." The women nodded, updating the chieftain's ice tablet.

With my [Herbalism] skill to support my [Surgery] skill, potential death sentences turned into manageable injuries under my care. Some injuries were still far too severe however, as I was still some ways before I could perform neurosurgery and heart surgery. But for anything less than that? For shattered bones, deep lacerations, and visceral trauma? As long as I reached them while they were still breathing, I could save them. Warriors who might have otherwise filled graves were instead patched up and sent back to fight, saving precious resources and manpower.

So ultimately, the cost of defeating ten thousand Water Tribe warriors? Quite small, actually. But I'm certain our enemies feel very differently with the loss of their ten thousand.

Meanwhile, Essin rolled his shoulder, testing the newly stitched flesh, and grunted with satisfaction. "Can heal almost as good as you can fight, Khan."
"Yes. But if that icicle had struck you closer to your heart, not even I could have saved you."

"Bah! You think we don't know the risks of waging war with those sea leeches?" He glanced around at the wounded and then up at me, grumbling. But a toothless grin did spread on his wrinkled face. "It's worth it though. A hundred years of wrongs definitely can't be righted in one night… but this victory does feel good. Especially when more of us are living to see it. And while we're talking about it… my men and I retrieved something on the eastern flank that you need to see. You definitely deserve it."

… And here it was, the best part of the post-battle process: The looting.

Did the enemy army bring ceremonial scrolls in the hopes that it will confer to them blessings? Maybe some rare artifacts that have special effects? Maybe a Fire Nation relic weapon or armour from their last clash 85 years ago? I was long overdue for one after all!

"Lead the way!" I immediately agreed, rising to my feet.

What rare loot did they find?


"Oh… it's women." My deep voice rumbled disappointed as we strode into my abode.

Not a rare weapon or legendary armour in sight... Just some captives. Brown-skinned girls who were stripped down to the casual blue underclothes that Water Tribe wore under their parkas. They sat on the dark metal floor of my abode, heads bowed low, their wrists clapped in irons that were chained to floor. Helpless, defeated and clearly lootless. This entire world suffers from a terminal lack of it, I'd say. Of decent loot.

"Aye, women." Essin grunted, before handing me a piece of pale white whalebone- no larger than a playing card. "They were wearing these whalebone charms. In our clans, those that wear it mean that they're the chosen warriors of their chieftains."

I turned the piece of whalebone over in my armoured hand, seeing the Water Tribe runes etched into them. "So, they fought well?"

"Spirits no! They fought like a otter-penguin droppings!" He gruffly replied, "I don't know what those city pukes were thinking giving these small fry the Warrior's Sigil! Should've seen that army in action, Khan. When they saw your cavalry stomping their way, they barely managed to push up an [Ice Wall] in between soiling their drawers. Left these girls on our side too- Now, that move took right guts, I'll give them that! …Or it could also just been an accident with some right sloppy waterbending."

At that last part, the girls collectively hung their heads lower at that.

"Aye, I'd wager a sack of salmon on it." Essin chuckled, apparently hitting the nail on the head, "Anyway, the men remembered that you wanted some 'Northern Water Tribe' women. So, we brought them back- thought they could… amuse you."

With that sly grin and a wink from his cloudy eye, the old chieftain left without another word.

However I was not, in fact, about to be amused by these girls who were sitting in the place where actually valuable treasure and loot should have been.

I had no use for them, not even as concubines. Between a sobbing, unwilling girl who was going to be a dead fish in bed (Like Azula was)… and six girls who were going to compete in eagerly pleasuring me with every inch of their lithe bodies just for the honour of being the one I creampie, I'd save my sexual appetite for the latter every time. Suki and her Kyoshi Warriors truly set the bar; and now, it was difficult for me to settle for anything less. Besides, the quest [Welcome to the Ice Fields!] demanded the death of all soldiers in the Water Tribe army.

The path forward was clear: interrogate, and then possibly, execute.

My armoured step echoed as I crossed the quiet room. My shadow stretched long, seven feet of it falling over the face of one girl in particular- the one all the others had glanced toward. Their leader, no doubt. Chocolate-brown skin that was darker than Katara's, and black hair with a tint of midnight blue flowing past her shoulders.

"You. What's your name and rank?" My voice was low, almost a growl.

She didn't answer, only looking up at me with her Water Tribe blue eyes. The fight hasn't left her yet.

"This is an interrogation. And depending on your cooperativeness, it will lead to either you getting fed and cared for, or possibly to a drawn-out execution." I calmly explained, but loud enough for all captives to hear clearly. It has been proven time and time again that the looming possibility of a painful and drawn-out death makes prisoners talk more than the actual torture. My armoured fist creaked as I tightened it. "Name and rank. I will not ask nicely again."

She looked away, clearly intending on staying silent, but her grumbling stomach seemed to sap the fight from her. "… Nessa." She admitted in a soft voice, "Second Wave of the Radiant Moonflower Warrior-sisters- was Second Wave."

Ah yes, the proud, first ever, all-female unit of Northern Water Tribe warriors. But before I could even begin my line of questioning, the door behind me abruptly swung open, followed by a girl's familiar voice.

"Khan, I came as soon as I heard that you had captives!" Princess Yue panted breathlessly, her ice blue eyes immediately resting on the bound girls who sat in my shadow. "Oh, thank the Spirits, I made it in time!"

Meanwhile, the group of women gaped in disbelief. "Princess Yue! You're alive!" the waterbender leader, Nessa, gasped. Previous interrogation reports claimed that the Northern Army believed propaganda painting me as evil, abusing the poor princess. So, It must have been a shock to see her now, neither harmed nor starved for a prisoner of 'The Fire Nation Giant'.

"Yes, as you can all see: she's unharmed." My rumbling voice continued, before placing a hand on the Princess' shoulder, "More than that, the Princess is in charge of Water Tribe Prisoners-of-War. She oversees food distribution, shelter, medicine and other concerns. She's proven invaluable to us."

At that, there was some bitter glaring from the women, likely a feeling of betrayal from seeing Princess Yue without shackles or without bruises. In fact, she was practically glowing. Her snow-white hair soft and silky, her royal purple dress clean and freshly laundered and her brown skin flawlessly smooth. As if Yue had never left the Royal Palace. Certainly, it wasn't only because she practically insisted that I 'permit her to attempt to convince me' (i.e. creampie all of her holes) at least twice a day. No, as the days crept closer to the possible disaster at the Spirit Oasis, her importance as the backup life energy for the Moon Spirit only grew, along with need to keep her close and safe.

"May they at least have the antidote?" asked Yue.

Nessa tilted her head in confusion. "An antidote? But what-" Her blue eyes widened, "The meat at that abandoned base!"

"Deliberately abandoned; because the quality of the bait is irrelevant when the prey is starving," I grunted, taking four [Antidote] vials from my [Inventory] and handing it to them, "You should all consider yourself very fortunate that I did not have enough ingredients to make it concentrated enough to be lethal."

Vials in hand, the Water Tribe girls looked at the starchy white liquid before popping off the cork and downing it in one gulp. I did not miss the suspicious glances that they sent my and Yue's way though. And I decided to nip the prisoners' defiance at the bud. "Yue, they need to hear the reason why you and the chiefs surrendered, and they need to hear it from you."

Yue's ice blue eyes widened in surprise. "… I can tell them?"

"Consider it practice if we manage to find the Avatar's location early."

"Thank you." She whispered before turning back to the still-bound prisoners and told them. About the Armada. About the forty thousand. About what awaited Agna Qel'a should they not surrender. It was barely a few sentences, but they carried with them a world of implications, and a world of consequences. The uncaring fact of the Northern Water Tribe's inevitable defeat washing away whatever bitterness these 'warrior-sisters' held for the princess. Their expressions paling everywhere that the frostbite hadn't already nip at.

"Why?" Nessa's blue eyes squeezed shut. Her voice raw with anger as she wrestled with the infromation, "Why didn't you just tell us about your Armada?! If we knew… if we thought, we… we wouldn't-"

"You wouldn't have come here?" My voice rumbled in contempt.

She nodded as they all realised that it was all for nothing. Almost all for nothing.

Exhaling, I knelt down and began untying their binds. "We did not share this classified information, because the admiral leading the Armada is a man with a great temper." I said, omitting Zhao's name, "If the Agna Qel'a Resistance reinforces their coastal defences, and if your people's continued resistance drives the admiral to a rage, it's going to be nigh impossible to convince him to stay his great fleet's trebuchets, or other unwise things that he'll try to do which could spell the end of the Water Tribe. Or at least, the Water Tribe that lives in Agna Qel'a."

... Like killing the Moon Spirit- which may be the worst case scenario out of them all as it'll doom the entire world.

If Zhao becomes unreasonable, I'll be forced to fight and stop him from killing that fish. It was an unlikely possibility, yes, but the worst possible consequence that could sprout from that action was astronomically bad: Being labelled a traitor to the Fire Nation.

It meant that I would lose everything including my rank and even the command of the 41st Division just to save the world. It happened to Iroh in canon Avatar. And did he get anything in trying to prevent the Moon Spirit's demise? The man was responsible for telling Yue how to save the Moon Spirit after all. So, did Aang, Sokka or Katara look at him with trust? Did Fire Lord Ozai care that the world that he wanted to claim was saved by Iroh's wisdom? Did the Water Tribe itself shelter him for betraying his Nation to save their precious Moon Spirit? Was he given even a single 'thank you for saving us all from a chaotic, moonless existence'? No, this ungrateful world would give its saviour nothing.

So, it was in this unenviable position that I've found myself in: Saving the world. But only so that I could conquer it for myself.

"Which is why I cannot waste time." I glowered down at the the squad of Water Tribe girls, "All of you have a time limit to make yourselves very cooperative and useful before I discard you altogether."

The snowy-haired princess was quick to defend them, gripping my arm as she pleaded, "They're already at your mercy, Khan! There's no need for more cruelty- please!"

"And yet," I replied, glancing down at her, "they have not formally surrendered."

"...They haven't surrendered?" Yue blinked, her hands falling to her sides. She knew better than anyone how this whole bitter ordeal had been rooted in this dogged defiance.

"No, they have not."

The Water Tribe prisoners looked away as the princess cast them a disappointed look. And despite understanding their princess' reasoning, they still didn't look entirely convinced of the wisdom of surrendering to me.

So, I presented Nessa and the other captives an ultimatum.

I unfurled a scroll. The faint rustle of parchment cut through the arctic air, and my red gauntlet smoothed the scroll out before them. "This is your formal declaration of surrender, accompanied by a few… requirements." I slid the document closer, ensuring it was within their reach. "The first demand is that you relinquish- effective immediately- all ranks, titles, and privileges you held within the Water Tribe military, up to any authority or standing among informal entities like your so-called 'Radiant Moonflower Warriors-sisters.' Second, you will make a binding statement here, in writing, renouncing the authority in Agna Qel'a as illegitimate and severing all ties of loyalty. Sign it, and only then will I even begin to consider leniency. The princess will serve as your witness."

Or in other words, Yue's pleading was enough to merit an effort at least to circumvent the conditions of [Welcome to the Ice Fields!]. But if a surrender that comprehensive wasn't enough then their executions were guaranteed. Of course, I wasn't about to inform them of that fact.

Nessa's fingers flexed around the brush as she stared at the document. However, before she could put brush to parchment, a hurried banging echoed from my metal door interrupted us.

"Chief Khan!" A woman's voice soon followed, one of the younger Barbarian healers. "We have many wounded coming in from the Eastern reaches! Please, Hot Lander Chief, it's my clan!"

"Go prepare them for surgery! I'll be there in a minute!" I immediately shouted back. I wasn't about to refuse a chance to level up my [Surgery] skill.Glancing back at the prisoners, and I left them with one last warning. "I'll let Yue be the one to feed you. However, you- all of you- had better have signed and be ready to talk by the time I return; or else this interrogation will not be as gentle as it has been thus far."

"Thank you, Khan." Yue replied.

Normally, I'd leave such a task to the Lieutenant or the Kyoshi Warriors, but the former was still sweeping for survivors and the latter was off to kill the Avatar. However, Princess Yue was not a bad choice. Her loyalty was unquestionable and Suki had been training her to be Kyoshi Warrior. If there was anyone in camp who could convince the prisoners to be more cooperative, it would be her.

With that, my armoured form turned and left for the trauma igloo- leaving the princess with the prisoners.



(A little while later)

Nessa cupped her hands around the steaming teacup, savoring its warmth and the lingering scent of unfamiliar Fire Nation spices. Only yesterday, her fingertips had been too stiff with cold to feel anything but pain; now, inside this strange, metal-walled shelter, she could at least pretend she wasn't still out in the Polar Wastes… even if it constantly reminded her that they all sat in the enemy's hands.

"Nessa…"

Nessa's eyes found Yue. Seated across a low table, the princess still wore the purple parka that Nessa had last seen her in during the princess' coming of age celebrations. She looked so out of place here, in this abode with its rigid lines, sharp corners, and dark metal that the Warm Landers obsessed over. And on the table right by her elbow, lay the parchment of surrender- the sharp calligraphy clear, and very final. But… what else was left?

"You don't have to push me, Princess Yue," Nessa looked away, drawing her lips into a bloodless line, "I'll sign the stupid paper, even if I don't like it."

"That wasn't what I was going to say…" Her princess' voice was gentle. The firelight caught her ice-blue eyes and reflected a sympathy that Nessa didn't know how to accept. "I know it has been rough waters. I don't blame you for it- any of you. I just want to understand why, or what, has you so angry?"

"Try 'who.' Katara. She did this." Nessa grunted before her mind could even catch up. The name tasted foul on her tongue now. "You wanted to understand why I'm so angry? Well, it's because I trusted someone who turned her back the instant it mattered!"

Princess Yue only ask softly, "What did she do?"

A ripple of anger passed through the warrior-sisters, their voices rising in quiet agreement. "She left us," one murmured, a dark look in her blue eyes. "She ran," another echoed, her tone seething.

"She promised us so much. That's what she did." Nessa said with a bittersweet tone for all the grand, lofty things that had seemed so real- so close- only to melt away like a dream. "She taught us, inspired us, made us believe we could have it all. So we marched into the Wastes, trusting her. Freezing winds, hollow stomachs, endless miles of polar wastes- we endured it all with a smile because we believed in her words. And then, when the Fire Nation came, when we needed her most, she raised an [Ice Wall]- with us on the wrong side. A sacrifice so she could run away. That's how we ended up in this metal box, staring down a surrender I never thought I'd have to sign!"

By the time her story finished, her teacup had gone ice cold, and her lips felt dry.

"But you're still alive," Yue quietly pointed out, briefly glancing at the scroll between them, "And all we need is your signature on that scroll, and the information that could help me stop the Armada- help stop the war for all of us."

"Information? You mean where Avatar Aang is staying," Nessa's eyes met her princess' head on, sharp and accusatory. "You want to help that Fire Nation commander find the bridge between the mortal and spirit world, and kill him."

But even when they were all staring at Yue directly, she didn't flinch. "Yes," their princess admitted, quietly but unashamedly, "To stop the Armada. To save Agna Qel'a. To stop the fighting."

Nessa found it hard- so hard- to stay angry when the Avatar's life weighed on the opposite side of the scale from the lives of her entire people... it made things a lot more complicated for her, and Nessa's voice dropped to an suspicious whisper, "You make it sound like this Commander Khan is working against the Fire Nation. That same Warm Lander leader who killed our people by the droves."

Their snowy-haired princess' lips tugged into another sad smile. "In my time with being his captive, I've been made to realise something." she said, "We're all part of this War, and each of us tangled in it in our own different way. Even Khan. He's done so much for us already, and without him, things would have been so much worse. I… I truly believe that I can bring out the good in him."

However, Nessa's warrior-sisters wasn't as conflicted, glancing at the door the Fire Nation commander had left through. "Him? The bloodthirsty warmonger who's been killing our people? Even now, he's probably looking for a reason to execute us all." Another continued, "The Fire Nation are killers who don't think twice about burning down villages or cutting down anyone in their way. And this is the Fire Nation Giant, we're talking about. The Fire Nation's biggest butcher in fancy armour-"

"Don't you dare!" Table scraped against metal as their princess shot to her feet, her snow-white hair framing an expression of rare indignation. "You don't understand what he's done for us!"

The warrior-sisters fell silent, stunned. None of them had ever seen or heard their princess angry.
Yue's ice blue eyes continued to bore down at them. "He has done more than anyone to try to end this war peacefully. Without him, none of us- my father, the chieftains, or even you- would still be alive. And if he had his say, no one would have had to die out here in the Polar Wastes either! So, by the Moon and Ocean, don't you dare speak of him that way! With him is our only chance of saving our home!"

'Home.' The word struck a chord, and they looked away, quiet and ashamed.

After all, how many times had they whispered for it during those long, hopeless marches? To turn around and just… go back home? To their warm beds and stocked pantries? And now, it seemed as if Yue were calling them out for those traitorous thoughts. They tried to find the words to respond. But the silence stretched on, filling the torchlit, metal room, they realised that none of them could prove Yue's words wrong.

"… I want to believe we'll see Agna Qel'a again," Nessa finally admitted, gripping her teacup tighter, the warmth barely registering. "Katara promised us that we'd come home. That we and all the women of the Northern Water Tribe would see a new dawn over Agna Qel'a after we win against the Fire Nation. But between that Commander Khan and the Armada… it was never possible, was it?"

Yue shook her head, her sad smile faint on her pink lips. "No."
Nessa's eyes fell back to the scroll on the table, its sharp lettering demanding their surrender. "Figures. And now this piece of Warm Lander paper is promising the same thing as she did." She paused, then drew a breath. "But right now, I'd trust the Fire Nation more than I'd trust that lying sack of Southern Water Tribe snow-rat droppings. Give me that brush."

Their own princess slid the inkwell to her, and offered a brush.

Nessa took it from the princess' hand, admiring the smooth finish of the Fire Nation brush before dipping it ink and writing her name as prettily as she could on the scroll. Her warrior-sisters followed suit, all under the slightly approving blue of their princess' eyes. And with a wooden click of the brush being set down, she was no longer a 'Radiant Moonflower Warrior-sister' serving in the Northern Water Tribe Army.

Princess Yue looked at her expectantly. Signing that surrender was only half of what was being asked from them.

Nessa ran a hand along the blue of her hair. "Before we left Agna Qel'a," She began with a sigh, "I helped that Southern Water Tribe slime with her things at Master Pakku's spare cottage. The one just west of the palace. I caught a peek of Avatar Aang and Sokka through the gap in the fur door as she left."

Yue clasped her slender fingers together, bowing her head in a brief prayer. "Thank the Moon and Ocean Spirits… May they forgive us for what we have to do next, but with this, the Northern Water Tribe will at least survive to make amends to the next Avatar." She stood up, brushing the creases out of her purple parka, "Excuse me for a moment, I need to ensure this information reaches the right hands."

She was in a hurry, more than she wanted to show, Nessa noticed. But as a brief gust of cold air rushed inside before the door clanged shut behind her. They were all reminding them that they were still in the middle of the enemy's camp, and their only real ally had just left them. Just went to show how much they relied on their princess.

Some of her warrior-sisters exchanged hesitant looks. "Maybe this really is the end of it," one of them said softly, filling the long silence. "Maybe we're going to make it."

"We'll see home again," another added, her tone still wilfully hopeful.

"We are," Nessa murmured in sudden realisation, her tone sharpening, "but what about the rest of the Radiant Moonflower warrior-sisters?"

Her squad winced just as the door swung open again. And Yue- having heard her question- answered for them. "Khan's forces are searching for them. And from everything I've heard, there's a good chance they'll surrender once they're found. Don't worry, we have the supplies to feed and care for them. Everyone will make it home."

"And Katara?" Nessa pressed, her voice cold. "She should still be leading them. Will she be given the same offer?"

Yue had a thoughtful look as she settled down at the table. "I'd imagine so. Khan believes that Katara is important."

Anger bubbled up from where Nessa had tried to bury deep. Not deep enough. "After everything she's done?!" Nessa couldn't help but shout. "You were there, Princess Yue! If it hadn't been for her speech, none of this would have happened! You can't just let her get away with everything!"

"No matter what she's done. It's still up to Khan to decide."

"But he listen to you, Princess Yue." Nessa insisted.

"He does, doesn't he?" Yue said with a small smile, but it was only briefly, "But, Nessa… you have to understand that I can't push for too much. Going forward, the Northern Water Tribe will need every bit of good will from Khan to ensure our people will be treated well in this occupation."

"Fine." Nessa exhaled, her fists clenched at her sides, nails digging into her palms. "If you won't push for it, then I will. Someone has to. Someone has to keep her from fleecing stupid, gullible girls into fighting and dying for her lies. And someone has to hold her accountable for the girls that she already did! But… if it's up to the Warm Lander commander to dispense justice, what will it take to convince him?"

"Convince Khan?" her princess asked.

"Yes, I'll do anything. Even if it means serving in the Warm Lander army like the Kyoshi Warriors or you."

Princess Yue fell silent at that, just looking at her with those ice blue eyes. Some of the warrior-sisters exchanged uneasy glances, their earlier relief giving way to uncertainty. One of them whispered, "Second Wave Nessa…"

"You can't stop me," Nessa glanced over her shoulder at them.

"No, we meant that we're with you. The others still need us," another said firmly. And a murmur of agreement rippled through the group. "We followed you into the tundra. And when Katara left us behind, you didn't."

"We trusted you then, and we trust you now." Another warrior-sister rested a hand, still red and raw from frostnip, on Nessa's shoulder. "Whatever this is, wherever it takes us, we're not about to back down now."

Nessa straightened. "Then we'll do this together. For them. For all of us." She glanced at back to her princess, "Please help us."

Their snowy-haired princess gave a difficult smile, but her expression softened as she averted her eyes. "That's… really admirable of you all," she said, "But it's also a much harder than you think. Trust isn't something Khan gives easily. I had to put in a lot of effort to… convince him to put me in charge of this much. And from what Suki has told me, even they had to work for it. Aiming to change his mind about Katara would take just as much effort, maybe even more."

"Then we'll do what you and the Kyoshi Warriors did," Nessa leaned forward, her hands pressing against the table.

Yue met her gaze, crossing her arms in her thick purple parka. "Whatever it takes?"

"Whatever it takes."

"… Well, it would certainly help if there were more of us reminding him of Water Tribe interests." Their princess murmured. "Actually… This might actually be what we need, considering how much I've been able to accomplish on my own."

"Exactly!" Nessa nodded eagerly.

The silence stretched again, except for the princess drumming her dark fingers on the table lightly; and a strange feeling twisting in Nessa's gut as she watched Yue.

The princess' birthday felt like an eternity ago now, and the girl then seemed so different from the one sitting across the table now. More confident and more mature, as if she was a woman grown now. Her ice-blue eyes flicked to a stack of Fire Nation books in the corner as she muttered something under her breath- as if testing an idea before saying it out loud. Their gentle princess of the snow… she clearly still loved her tribe, but she had also clearly changed. Nessa could only imagine what those Kyoshi Warriors had put her through as their Fire Nation captive, and what Yue had learned from it. From them.

"Say that I agree to this…." Yue finally said, her tone light but curious-sounding, "… Are you the right girls for the job?"
"We are," Nessa readily replied despite her confusion. And the warrior-sisters around her murmured in agreement. "We had marched to war to try and save you and the others. We'll march to war to get justice for the others, even if it's against the Earth Kingdom."

Yue said nothing; instead, her ice blue eyes brushed over them, slow and deliberate. It stayed for a while on their faces, their hands, over their bodies as if taking their measure. The others straightened under their princess' assessment as if to silently prove their resolve. But eventually, the princess murmured, "Suki is usually the one to make these kinds of decisions. She was kind enough to help me get this far with Khan. And now, as an official Honorary Kyoshi Warrior, I suppose it's my turn."

A few of the warrior-sisters exchanged more puzzled glances, but again, Nessa didn't flinch. "And that means what exactly, Princess Yue?"

"It means I'll help you convince Khan to listen. And it'll only take a…" Yue paused to think of the right words before smiling serenely at them. "… creative approach."

"Creative?" another sister repeated.

"A mix of diplomacy and theatrics." Yue said lightly, brushing a strand of snow-white hair behind her ear. "Or 'Fire Nation etiquette,' as Suki calls it."

"That doesn't sound so… Are you sure it'll work, Princess Yue?" Nessa said with a hint of doubt.

"Oh, it works," Yue reassured with her calm confidence. "I've gotten very good at it these past few days in fact, especially with Suki's help. But don't worry- unlike her, I won't be leading you on a wild arctic hen chase. We'll get straight to the important part."
The murmurs among the sisters grew louder, some of them shifting uneasily. "If you say so, Princess Yue…"

"It will be alright, Nessa." Yue reassured with a gentle tone, "You'll come to love it. I promise. Please follow me."

Before anyone could ask what she meant by 'come to love it,' Nessa and the others watched Yue rose gracefully from the table, the soft rustle of her purple parka filling the quiet room. Despite the confusion, Nessa pushed herself to her feet and followed. The others stood as well, brushing crumbs off their tunics as they trailed behind, their steps uncertain until they all found themselves in the centre of the metal abode.

Her eyes focused back to Yue, who now stood watching them with a serene expression like the face of a full moon. And for a brief moment, Nessa believed that she hadn't made a terrible mistake…

And then, with that same calm, unbothered smile, Princess Yue issued her next command.

"Good. Now strip."



[Agna Qel'a]

Suki glanced out the window of their hideout, a recently abandoned ice cottage, and proudly murmured, "…That's my girl."

"What was that, Suki?" one of her sisters-in-arms asked, leaning against the window in her 'borrowed' Water Tribe parka.

"Nothing," Suki replied over the crispy crunch of some cold seaweed rations they'd pilfered. "I just got a feeling that Yue was putting our lessons to good use. Maybe on some of those 'Sisters with the Dumb Long Name.' "

Around her, the Kyoshi Warriors worked on their duties in the small hideout. One kept watch at the upper window, scanning the frozen streets for the telltale flutter of yellow-and-orange airbender robes. Another sat by the fire, carefully tending to their blades with oil and rags. Two more hunched over a map of the city, charcoal sticks whispering against paper as they crossed out the locations they'd searched earlier that night and the ones that they figured that they could and should search for the rest of the day.

Their unpainted faces all looked up from their work to offer their comments.

"I wonder how many of those three hundred girls they managed to capture."

"With how they looked like they hadn't thrown a single punch in their entire life? Probably all of them."

"Hah! That is if they hadn't keeled over marching there."

"And depends on how dedicated Yue's been with her 'duties.' "​

Suki rolled her eyes. "Please, we all know that Yue's not enough to satisfy Khan." She licked her lips, "Poor guy, all backed up like that without our expert skills and world-class bodies- being forced to settle for those second-rate Water Tribe girls instead."

"I'm kind of jealous of them anyway. He's going to be taking it out on them."​

"You mean he'll be giving it 'in' them." Suki pointed out with an evil smile, "If our first time was too much even for us trained Kyoshi Warriors, then those Water Tribe girls are definitely done for."

Laughter rippled softly through the room. Khan definitely was going to appreciate their efforts to throw local girls in his direction.


[A few hours later]

… How does this keep happening?

There, standing on my white fur carpet, was six blushing girls, barefoot and stripped down to just their white underwear. From a sweet caramel to a smooth dark mocha, their varying shades of brown skin made a nice spread as it coloured everything from their uncertain expressions to their naked shoulders and down to their fidgeting toes. With every breath, their chests rose and fell in their plain white bras. The pale fabric only highlighting the half-naked shape of their bodies- the sheer cloth clinging onto their wide hips, and cupping their breasts and their feminine mounds.

"Please," the leader of the group, Nessa, whispered- her soft voice halfway between embarrassed and desperate, "we're all yours, O' great Fire Nation commander. Do with us whatever you want."

… Again, how does this keep happening? I'm trying to conduct an effective guerrilla warfare campaign against an entire nation, but the horny local brown-skinned girls keep getting in the way by throwing themselves onto my cock. I'd wager that if I stay here long enough, they'll eventually prove to be more of an obstacle to getting things done than that Water Tribe army of 10,000.

I met eyes with girl responsible for this. "Yue, what is this about?"

"I need more allies with me here in the North Pole. An Honour Guard, like how the Kyoshi Warriors function for you." The girl in purple calmly explained, "I know Suki and the others will come with you to finish the war in the Earth kingdom. And as much as Chieftain Essin is within his Moon Spirit-granted rights, I'd still prefer to be accompanied by those who have been born and raised in Agna Qel'a. And to be honest… I'd sleep easier knowing you have more reason to visit more often…"

With a Suki-like smile, Yue walked behind the girls, making them shiver as her gloved hand delicately brushing over their half-naked bodies. Across their bare shoulders, down the curve of their waists and even across their panty-clad rears. Even earning a squeak as her hands cupped those bra-covered C-cups and undid it.

Nessa's bra fell away with a soft whisper of fabric, her chest bouncing free. Her nipples, a shade darker than the surrounding skin, stood erect, as inviting me to taste, especially as Yue's brown fingers came to lightly pinch at those sensitive little chocolate nubs.

"Princess Yue, please not so- Nnn!"

"…At least twelve more reasons."

… the Suki virus was apparently infectious, and it seems that Yue was well on her way to transforming into one. "And you've chosen these girls in particular?"

Yue smiled, stepping away from the gasping Nessa. "Yes. They're loyal, determined and have great potential as Waterbenders. They're the finest Agna Qel'a has to offer." She said, and the girls visibly stood straighter at their princess' praise, "… And also, they're hoping that if they gave you their maidenhoods, you would treat the rest of the 'Radiant Moonflower Warrior-sisters' with leniency while judging their leader, Katara, more harshly for betraying them."

"P-princess?!" Nessa's blue eyes flew wide open, flicking at me as if hoping that I had momentarily become deaf for that one statement.

"I was honest with my intentions to Khan; and so will you." Yue stated firmly, but then her voice softened, "And… If you want to be a part of this, then your first times shouldn't be based on a lie."

Chastised, they bowed their heads. "… Yes, Princess Yue."

"So, will you, Khan? Take their virgnities?" Yue pleaded too. "For me?"

My skull-faced helm glanced across them, then at the scroll sitting on the table. The declaration of surrender was signed, [Quest: Welcome to the Ice Fields!] was satisfied by their total surrender, and a runner team on our fastest ostrich-horses was already heading full speed to discretely relay the location of the Avatar to my favourite squad of hyper-lethal ninja girls. I already had what I wanted from them.

However, I could not argue against Yue's need for an honour guard for what was to come: A political mess set to boil over in the soon-to-be-occupied city of Agna Qel'a. In that chaos, she'll need a loyal guard recruited from her own tribe and bore the grit to go whatever lengths to protect- like marching the Polar Wastes. Turning Katara's precious, second-in-command protege to our side neatly satisfied both requirements… as well as deliver a metaphorical slap to her face.

I began unclasping my helmet. "So, they're doing this out camaraderie and vengeance? Very well, we'll take them along."

The girls' faces lit up, smiling at each other as if they'd won a prize.

For agreeing to help them get justice and guaranteeing leniency for the rest of their unit…

[Nessa & her Radiant Moonflower Warrior-Sisters] Reputation: -11 -> 9

[Nessa & her Radiant Moonflower Warrior-Sisters] Obedience: 3 -> 33​

… I needed to find the rest of their unit who were still wandering out in the tundras so that I can finally rename their moronically long unit name. Nevertheless, whether it was from their disastrous defeat, from the strict tribal obedience to their Northern Water Tribe Princess or just out of spite for Katara, their willingness to join up with Yue was not in question.

However, their loyalty to me specifically was still suspect.

Princess Yue had already started the process by raising them from negative sixty, but near zero Reputation was far from enough. Even their Obedience will need to be raised further before I even begin to consider trusting them for the long term….

"Thank you for accepting their offer." Yue smiled, "And I believe there is only one thing left to seal the deal, Nessa."

… Yes, and the most reliable method would be the same one as what had raised Yue's, Yor's, June's, and the Kyoshi Warriors': Copious amount of steamy sex. Even better if I'm the one to take their virginities.

A dark red blush spread across the Water Tribe girl's brown cheeks, "F-for our Princess and our tribe, we will do anything you tell us, but while you might have our bodies, our hearts will always- Oh…"

Whatever this 'Nessa' or the others were about to say was forgotten as I slid my helmet off, [Pretty Privilege] bearing down on them just as it had on every girl before. Their blue eyes widened, caught somewhere between confused and mesmerised. How much of it was supernatural and how much was pure attractiveness, who can say? Regardless, in that moment, they all forgot the part where they were half-naked prisoners of war as they now realised they had promised their virginities to someone who was coincidentally, and unfortunately for their defiant attitudes, very much their type.

For being a whole lot hotter than they had expected…

[Nessa & her Radiant Moonflower Warrior-Sisters] Reputation: 9 -> 19

[Nessa & her Radiant Moonflower Warrior-Sisters] Obedience: 33 -> 43​

The 'asiatic armour + no helmet' combination made me look like some some Dynasty Warrior fujoshi thirst trap. This world's equivalent of a 'heart throb in a suit.' Once I'm a landed noble (and a prince at that), I'll be able to add 'billionaire celebrity' to that list, and the effect would be even more pronounced then. However, there was a downside.

Yue aimed a very Suki-esque leer at me. "He should take that armour off and slip into something more comfortable. Shouldn't he, girls?" She purred. And the others forgot their current predicament in favour of nodding eagerly and leering intensely.

… times like these, it felt like I was more of a male stripper than a conquering warlord.

But six horny, half-naked virgins (plus an equally horny princess) standing in my abode, each waiting for their turn to be deflowered, was the least significant obstacle of my campaign so far. So, with a roll of my eyes, I got on with unequipping my armour under the hungry staring until I was left in just my casual red robes.

Quietly, I appraised them too.

Trained as healers by the wisest elders, these were most likely the local Water Tribe girls who, if they had not marched for war, would have been the city's most prized bachlorettes. The talented, popular and drop dead gorgeous girls who would have had boys lining up and down the block to have a shot at even dating… and yet, here they were, recruited to war just to be delivered to my bedroom. Six brown-skinned local beauties, all lined up with their breasts bared and panties moistening as they desperately offering themselves to me. And although claiming girls wasn't my main goal, but it was still a powerful feeling skimming the cream of the crop all for myself.

Now, it was only a question of in which order did I want them on my cock.

"Nessa." I called to her. [Siren's Call] adding onto the effects of [Pretty Privilege] now that my helmet was off.

She shivered at the sound. "Y-yes?"

"I want you first."

"I… Oh spirits…" Nessa blushed intensely, looked away, "Okay, but… please be gentle. It's my… first time."

Among her squad, Nessa wasn't the one with the largest chest, or the most pronounced silhouette, but she did have the longest legs, ending with slender toes that wiggled shyly among the white fur of the rug.

Princess Yue leaned in close to Nessa, her snow white hair brushing against the other girl's blue as she whispered something into her ear. Nessa's blue eyes widened. "My Princess, I can't say that!"

But Yue whispered some more.

"No, my princess, we wouldn't." Nessa murmured, looking at me. She pulled slender shoulder back and pushed her handfuls of perky, chocolate-tipped mocha tits forward in my direction, "P-please enjoy my inexperienced body to your heart's content. I'm already dr-dripping wet for you."

"It's true." Added Yue, sliding her hand down Nessa's flat abdomen and down past the threshold of her white panties. Beneath the smooth, skin-tight fabric, her fingers moved.

"P-princess Yue… that's- not there~!"

The white panties stretched and flexed with each pass of her fingers. Nessa squirming with each of them, squeezing her light chestnut thighs together around Yue's invading fingers. But it only succeeded in keeping the princess' fingers in place as they searched for the 'proof' that was apparently well-hidden in the soft folds of the other girl's labia. And as Nessa shuddered with a long gasp, Yue had apparently found her proof.

She retrieved her hand, a pair of her long, brown fingers leaving behind a gasping Nessa as they glistening as if Yue had dipped them in clear nectar. Her pink lips quirked upwards into a mischievous smile. "See? She's all ready for you. Also… She likes it from behind."

"Princess Yue?!" Nessa squeaked, her eyes wide and her blush nuclear even on her dark skin tone, "H-how do you know that?!"

"Suki taught me many things." Yue replied mysteriously. "All of which are essential to the Path of becoming a Kyoshi Warrior."

… Suki, what have you been teaching her?

Or maybe she'd always been like this. Just because she was the kind and gentle princess of the moon didn't make her any less of a girl, and didn't diminish her capacity to be indescribably horny. Or maybe, even more likely, Suki just brought out the freak in her. Still, having a slender girl in just her panties talk dirty, then have her hot quim teased until she was soaked and ready for me… it was enough to get any man hard. My loose red robes tenting right before the Water Tribe girls' eyes, who were acting shy and demure despite unable to keep their gaze off it.

Nessa gulped at the sight, eyes wide even as she panted hotly. "Princess Yue, I can't… he'll split me apart!"

"If I can take it, then surely someone like you- who's been trained physically- can as well." Yue reassured as she began the process of sliding the other girl's panties down those long, mocha-skinned legs. And when those white panties were finally off, Yue's hands curled around the other girl's shoulders before pushing her down to her hands and knees. The dark skin of Nessa's slender hands and long legs contrasted pleasantly against the the white fur of the carpet.

"W-wait, I'm not ready!"

"You aren't?" Yue purred, "But you're already dripping. Even Khan can see that."

And I did. A candy pink slit in the centre of soft, brown pussy lips. Like a drip of strawberry syrup running down a scoop of chocolate ice cream. Glistening just as moist and soft too. Then Yue's slender fingers gave me an even better view as she reached around the curve of Nessa's ass and…

"Princess Yue… Please don't spread me so wide." Nessa whimpered helplessly, "It's embarrassing."

Her delicate, pink slit stretched open into a delicate, pink flower. Clear nectar leaked from her quivering girl hole, running down her open slit and hung from her throbbing little nub. Nessa's maidenhead, the proof her virginity, trembled as the warm air touched it.

"Princess Yue…" Nessa murmured in an embarrassed, half-hearted protest.

With a gentle shush, Yue calmed her, her fingers gently guiding my cock towards Nessa's dripping pink slit as her voice lowered to a purr, "Do you feel this?"

Her hand hand lovingly stroking me as she dragged the tip up and down Nessa's virgin pussy lips, and traced the engorged head of my cock across various parts of Nessa's womanhood. Immediately, her lithe mocha body tensed at the contact, muscles tensing under that smooth dark skin. I could almost feel her heart pounding through her soft, virgin folds as she twitched against my cock. And when my cock grazed her clit, Nessa let out a soft cry. "O-ooh S-Spirits~"

"She's ready. Come in, the water's nice and warm." Yue winked at me again, leaning in to give my shaft a good luck kiss before she gave us space, leaving to whisper into the other Moonflower Warriors' ears whatever severely inappropriate words Suki had taught her. And whether it was her own intuition or another one of Suki's lessons, Yue was proven right.

Nessa glanced over her mocha-coloured shoulder. A smouldering, desperate look in her blue eyes as she- without Yue whispering anything into her ear- begged to me. "Please…" Her soft voice quavered. "I- I want you to… to put it in me now."

Staring at the naked, slender back of this dark-skinned girl as she waited on my white fur carpet, ready and on all fours, with her virgin pussy trembling wetly on the tip of my cock… It was hard to deny her request; and fortunately for the both of us, I had no reason to. She whimpered softly as my large hands gripped her waist, and…

I pushed forward, driving my cock into her tight, virgin slit.

A gasp of surprise and discomfort escaped her lips as the head of my cock broke through her fragile virginity, but it was only for a moment. Her fingers gripping the white fur carpet tight, and her bare, slender back visibly shivered. "Oh… oh Spirits! It feels so… big." Nessa's voice was a throaty moan. The pleasure apparently drowning out whatever discomfort she felt from losing her virginity.

"It does feel nice when he stretches you out, doesn't it?" Yue hummed, smiling knowingly.

"Yessss~" The Water Tribe Warrior's words trailed off into another moan, pairing it with an experimental clenching of her pussy around my shaft. "It's so… it's feeling so weird, but… but good."

It felt just as good being the one to deflower it too.

On the other side of her maidenhead was a narrow tunnel of soft, inner walls tightening around me. Pristine and untouched as if it had reserved exclusively for me. Of course, I gave her the gentlemanly courtesy of letting her freshly-deflowered pussy grow accustomed to my cock; but apparently, her own body was getting impatient. Velvety folds were already gripping around my shaft insistently, growing wetter and hotter every second I spent in this virgin hole not moving. And every tiny movement- every sway and every twitch- made those secret, feminine walls brush tightly around my shaft- earning a little gasp of breath from this sexy, brown-skinned local girl.

"I'm going to move now." I said, my hands gripping her waist.

"N-Not yet please, I need a few more- Ooooh spirits!" Nessa interrupted herself with a rolling moan of pure sex as I helped myself to the madly trembling pussy that encased my cock.

I eased myself deeper with each stroke. In and out of this pink slit in the centre of toned, bent-over thighs. Her sweet, clear nectar practically leaked from every fold inside her, leaking out every backstroke and practically squelched in delight every time I pushed in. Water Tribe pussy was always so wet, as if it doing everything in its power to make sure you sink all the way inside as easily and smoothly as possible. Until finally… My hips made contact with her ass, smooth and firm as chocolate-covered peach. I had hilted myself in her hot depths- digging my cock against the sensitive bottom of this tight, little pussy.

Apparently, that was enough to drive this lithe virgin over the edge.

"C-cumminngggg~!" Nessa half-moaned and half-declared, losing strength in her arms as she came; and her upper half collapsed to the fur carpet. Her toned, chocolate ass raised in the air and pushing herself deeper down my shaft, her pleasured face pressed against the soft white furs as she moaned and drooled her mind-blowing finish, and her silky insides clenched and milked wildly around my shaft. It was as if her body just knew where I should be depositing my load: Into her pristine baby room.

As I was still far from my own finish, and I decided to be a gentleman and keep thrusting. pushing just an inch deeper into her- filling up this incredibly tight pussy that had never known the touch of a man until now and prolonging her orgasm. The muffled moans which came from where she pressed her face on the rug sounded appreciative in my ears. Each time

~ Arousal: Intensely feminine. Snowdrop and sea salt. Six sources.

The sweet, icy fragrance was accompanied by a near-silent whimper, and I was reminded that the rest of her Moonflower Warrior team was still there. Nessa's half-naked friends who could stand quietly and obediently as their team lead was face-down-ass-up on the carpet and cumming her brains out. The cloth of their white panties increasingly transparent- clinging to their delicate labia. Trembling, aching to be touched. Their dignity clearly the only thing holding them back from pleasuring themselves to the sight of their leader getting railed.

"Yue, help them relax themselves." I found myself commanding her just as easily as I did with Suki.

"Of course…" The snowy-haired princess purred before draping her shapely body close to one of the girls. And with pink lips, she whispered whatever lewd words she had been taught, right into the other girl's ears.

Meanwhile, I raised a hand slightly and slapped it across Nessa's smooth chocolate ass cheek, making it ripple like the disturbed surface of a coffee. Her uncharacteristically cute "Eep!" of surprise accompanied the crisp sound of the slap as it echoed through the room.

"You're going to give your friends every last detail of our lovemaking" I said, as I massaged the stinging ass cheek. The soft, smooth skin ceded to my squeezing fingers- giving way to the lightly toned muscle underneath of her ass. "Everything you feel, everything you think."

"But-"

Another slap.

"Nnnn! Okay okay! I'll do it…." She hesitantly began. Her eyes screwed shut in embarrassment. "He's… he's stretching me so much… So thick as if he's gonna split my p-pussy apart, but still… Oh spirits, it's…"

I bottomed out in that silky-tight, Water Tribe pussy.

"-it's filling me up so much!" Her words were stretched into a moan as I began picking up speed, "And when he pulls back, it feels like he's going to turn me inside out out. The thick head of his- his… His amazing cock! And when he's almost all the way out.. that thrust that comes after- it feels so incredibly goo~ood!"

"So, Yue was right. You really do like it from behind." I scoffed as I wound her long, blue-streaked black hair into my fist and tugged on it.

The action made her face jerked up- showing her teammates see her fuck-drunnk face. Her panting mouth hung open, her blue eyes hooded and her brown face blushing so heavily, "I.. I don't have anything to compare it with, but I'm loving it!" she moaned to them. Words flowing smoother and more sincere, "I love being taken from behind! I love his big hard cock filling up my pussy! I love it all!"

And in the midst of Nessa's needy moans and the wet slapping of her pussy around my cock, yue's whispered encouragement having evaporated the last of five other Water Tribe girls' reservations. Their soaked white panties slid down to either around the slender ankles of their dainty feet, or stuck between thick chocolate thighs. The wet schlick of their brown fingers slipping between the pink of their virgin lips, the little of hitch of their breaths as their fingers bumped against their swollen clits, and their mixing moans of differing tones, pitches and helpless quavering.

With each curl of their fingers into their ready cunts, honey droplets fell down between their legs, like little glittering pieces of liquid crystals. Hot wet proof of the sheer want they held to be filled up the same way the girl on all fours was.

"Stretching me so much…" Nessa shouted out, and their fingers moved faster. "A-All the way there! I can almost feel his cock reaching just underneath my belly button!"

And just as Nessa called it, I finally found a comfortable rhythm of fucking this moaning hot mess of a girl with every inch of my cock.

"Spirits, yessss! He's hitting the back! A-All the way!" Nessa half-moaned and half-declared to her friends, "And when he presses the tip right against the back, it feels so good like my brain will just melt!"

Droplets of her honey were sent flying every time I slammed her shapely, mocha ass against my hips. Every time I bottomed out into her erotic hole. drinking in her helpless moans. So tight that it was like she sucking me in deeper. At the slightest movement backwards, her inner walls tightened all along my shaft as if refusing to let me leave her depths. And when those slippery folds' grip did slip, wet friction sparked up.

"Ah! Ah! It's… it's…oooh~!" Her exclamations grew more fervent, her body writhing beneath my touch. "It's so… so good… I didn't know it could feel sooo good. Deeper, please! I'm gonna cum again! Cumming!"

Gentler than Suki's aggressively milking cunt, narrower than the Yue's soaked embrace of hot loving hole. And the angle and shape of her tight cunt's soaked insides… It was as if her pussy was deliberately and exquisitely shaped for doggystyle. As if Nessa was made to be put on all fours or bent over, and fucked from behind.

"I'm getting close too." I announced.

The words didn't register to Nessa, the dark-haired Water Tribe girl still in the throes of her orgasm. Her body mindlessly and desperately trying to milk its prize from me. But her teammates? They heard me clearly. Their blue eyes practically darting to where the shaking Nessa and I were connected, the lewd action hidden from their view.

So, I did them a favour.

Lifting the slim brown-skinned girl up into a full nelson, I gave them a full view. Whereas before in the doggystyle, all her teammates could see was her moaning face and errant splatter of her pussy juice, now they had an unobstructed view of everything their team leader had. Long, brown legs raised and splayed apart…. Chocolate breasts bouncing against her upturned thighs… her ever-soaked, Water Tribe pussy splattering nectar across the space between us… And of course, their leader's virgin pussy stuffed full and stretched out around every inch of my cock as I approached the end of my rope.

"I'm going to cum inside you, and you're going to take it all, Nessa."

"Spirits, I'm gonna break! My pussy's gonna break! I- I don't think there's gonna be space in me!"

"Good." came my growl.

The other Water Tribe girls watching shivered as they openly masturbated faster, squeezing and rubbing their dark-toned thighs together. Their eyes looked intently where my shaft was plundering Nessa's pussy for all its worth. Until finally…

I battered down the door to Nessa's pristine womb and stained the interior white with my semen. Thudding against the fertile surface and coating it thickly with white. Unfortunately, this position was still awkward for me, and I wasn't able to stuff every drop into her womb. Some of it leaking out instead, much to the half-mortified viewing pleasure of the other girls who blushed furiously enough that it tinged their brown skin. They all stared, mouths agape, as the mixture of Nessa's honey and my semen dripped from her freshly deflowered and thoroughly used girl hole. And they did nothing as I let the insensate, panting mess of a girl slip down to the warm fur rug.

"Ladies, I'm still hard." I said in a matter-of-fact tone that conveyed that it was going to be their problem, very soon.

The Water Tribe girls looked down at at their whimpering team-lead who was leaking cum, then up to my still-hard cock. Their expressions looked horrified, and yet… the schlick of their fingers running across their virgin slits quickened in tempo.

"… just five more to go." Yue hummed.

"Six." I aimed a leer at her. I was all fired up now, and I wasn't going to stop here. I think Suki and the Kyoshi Warriors spoiled me with their constant sex.

"Mmm~" The snowy-haired princess chewed on her pink bottom lip for a moment. Her icy blue eyes following a drop of cum as it trailed down my shaft. Her tongue slipped out to lick her lips, aiming a saucy little smile at me, "Well, I'm in no position to deny my big, strong Fire Nation captor, am I?"

Her slender fingers gripped her long, floor-length parka-dress; and she hiked it up, bit by bit, exposing her thicc, mocha-coloured legs until her delicate princess slit came into view. Already dripping.

"Don't be gentle with us, please?"

And just beside the battlefield where I broke the Water Tribe's army, I claimed their women for my own. Repeatedly.


For tiring them out with amazing sex…

[Nessa & the Radiant Moonflower Warrior-Sisters] Reputation: 19 -> 41

[Nessa & the Radiant Moonflower Warrior-Sisters] Obedience: 43 -> 65​



(3 hours later) [Elsewhere in the Polar Wastes]

We caught them- the remaining survivors of the 'Radiant Moonflower Warrior-Sisters.'

Sixteen hours of nonstop retreating through harsh arctic terrain had taken its toll on this proud, all-female unit of Northern Water Tribe warriors. More than two hundred women in their embroidered blue parka kowtowed before red-armoured 41st Division Cavalry-Scouts atop ostrich-horses. Their hands, knees and faces pressed against the freezing snow and muttering 'O Fire Nation warrior, we surrender to you. I'll be your willing concubine. I'll bear your children. Whatever you wish, but please spare my sisters-in-arms.' And other such words. Offering their bodies in exchange for safety and or leniency…

Where have I hear that before?

If I had ever been surprised by how common such offers were in this asiatic fantasy world, then I certainly wasn't anymore. Now, it was simply a relief that it wasn't happening to me for once.

"Getting offers from the POWs already, Lieutenant?" My deep voice rumbled in amusement as I arrived onto this nameless ice dune where the 1st Squad, on their large ostrich-horses and guandao glaives, stood guard over our latest POWs with the overly long name.

The Lieutenant's feathered red helmet turned towards me, and she saluted, "Commander Khan, sir!"

"At ease. It's good to see you again, Lieutenant." I greeted her, our armour clicking together as I patted her shoulder, "You and your squad fought well these past few days, despite having the heaviest duties in the division. You did me proud, 1st Squad."

"Thank you, sir!" The men and women of the 1st Squad saluted.

The lead woman of the All-female unit looked up at the Lieutenant as if surprised. Vaguely, I recalled Yue mentioned that it was not part of their education to teach how other Nations had their women fight in wars. I will need to reform the education system of Agna Qel'a after this is over.

"Wait," I said, noticing something off. "Lieutenant, hold open your greatcoat."

She did as ordered, and I stepped closer, appraising the armour that she was wearing. There were some faint dents and scratches to the red plates of her gauntlet and her breastplate. Blows blocked not by just Fire Nation steel, but by my personally hand-crafted [Masterwork] armour. The rest of the 41st Division's armour had performed worse, but these were the best armours that I could craft with my Smithing skill… and they were still damaged?

"It's completely unacceptable that Whalebone weapons even came this close to harming you." I muttered darkly, but the Lieutenant's armoured hand rested over mine.

"I'm alright, sir." she said softly, her violet eyes looked up at me through her helmet's eye slits. "You don't have to worry about me."

"Your armour should have held up better."

"It's not your fault… I just got sloppy a few times. Sorry for worrying you."

Mentally, I noted down the locations- around the arms, greaves and sides of the abdominals- so that I knew where to reinforce the armour for the next batch of gear to be forged. All of it was valuable practical knowledge that could only collected from actual combat operations, ours or someone else's. And worth a lot of skill experience.

Skill Level up: [Smithing]! Lvl 29 -> Lvl 30

+ R +

[Smithing] Level 30 Reached - New Skill Perk Unlocked!

Level 30 - Mystic Sage Skill Perk​

Reforger's Wisdom (Passive): If it ain't broke, don't fix it. But if it is broke, well, time to get creative with the superglue!… When repairing existing items or upgrading them to a higher quality tier, your knowledge allows you to either use 50% fewer raw materials or 25% less time than what would normally be required.

+ R +

Attainable Item Qualities

Poor - Shoddy - Common - Fine - Superior - Exquisite - Masterwork - Sagecraft - ?

+ R +​

Excellent, one has to wonder if it'll be faster and cheaper to simply make a Poor quality armour and upgrade it to Masterwork quality. And on another line of thought, could I upgrade other people's works to save on time? So much experimentation to do.

"I need to get this armour off of you as soon as possible." I murmured.

"C-Commander?!"

"For repairs, Lieutenant. As you were." I clarified, stepping away to the next order of business: the POWs who were staring at me. My seven-foot-tall frame of thick, spiked armour and glowering skull helm casting a shadow over the fearful faces of those in the front. "So, these are the last pocket of survivors that you've tracked, Lieutenant?"

"Yes, sir." She replied, "They surrendered as soon as they saw us approach."

I directed my gaze to the one that had the whalebone charm on her parka which signified her as a 'Third Wave' officer. A brown-toned young woman with frost clinging to her dark braids and her eyelashes, the blood-streaked fur lining her parka hung limp from the weight of the snow. She kept her arms at her sides as she trembled, either from cold or fear.

"You're the highest ranking officer here, are you not?" I prompted, "A 'Third Wave' officer."

"Once, yes," she replied, her voice steady but strained from tiredness. Her gaze flickered back to her sisters, huddled together behind her on the snow- some nursing bloodied stumps, others barely able to stand. "But not anymore, we surrender to your authority, Fire Nation commander sir."

"I accept your surrender." I replied, before taking out a scroll, "That is… once you have signed in this formal declaration of surrender. Form an orderly line. For those who do not wish to surrender, kindly stand to the side so that the ostrich-horses can freely feast on you without splattering your blood on the others."

"Honk!"​

Panic in their blue eyes, the gathered women hurriedly trudged to form a neat line for the scroll, not wanting to be misconstrued as 'standing to the side.' And finally, when it was the Third Wave's turn, she took one look at the scroll, and gasped softly.

"These signatures…" her hand trembled as she looked at the signatures at the top of the scroll. The first ones to have ever signed it. "Second Wave Nessa. She's alive?"

"And with Princess Yue."

At the answer, she squeezed her eyes shut. Perhaps out of regret that she was also captured or relief that she made it out alive. Either way, she scrawled her signature across the paper.

"Good. Now, where is First Wave Katara?" I prompted, my voice low.

The young woman's jaw clenched. "Why is she so important?"

Important? Yes, one could say that. It was not enough that I sent Suki to deal with the Avatar, every avenue to dismantling him had to be made. Although she was of little value on her own, Katara was crucial Aang's success. She was his Waterbending master, his love interest, his party's sole healer and also the one who would save his life. And in doing so, also save the world from Fire Nation victory. That's why it was pretty damn important that we found her, caught up to her and killed her dead.

However, that information was not something the Third Wave woman needed to know, so my skull-faced helm just bore down at her, "Just answer the question."

The young Water Tribe woman hesitated, perhaps the last embers of defiance against 'the Warm Lander invaders,' but it was only for a moment. She released a defeated sigh. "We banished her," the freezing young woman said, as if admitting to some distasteful crime, or maybe, speaking of a loathsome criminal. "That is the way of the Northern Water Tribe, we sent her out to the polar wastes for the Moon and Ocean Spirits to render their judgement… and their sentence."

"So, it was the equivalent of a dishonourable discharge then," I muttered in understanding, "That must also mean that there are no more soldiers in the Water Tribe Army. I wonder if that also technically means…"

[Quest - Welcome to the Ice Fields!] Completed!

Main Objective: Kill all the soldiers in the Water Tribe Army within seven days. (0% soldiers in the Water Tribe Army remaining)

Secondary Objective: Do it in six.

Rewards:

Large XP Bonus

Large Reputation increase with the {Fire Nation}

+ 2 Perk Points

Secondary Rewards:

[Legendary Division Feat: The Frostforged Thousand] Nothing stopped them: Not the snow, not the cold, not all men in the Water Tribe Army… All units in your army gain a 20% stat bonus when fighting outnumbered. They also gain permanent dexterity bonuses for stealth checks and rough terrain movement (snow or otherwise); a constitution bonus for cold resist and supply consumption; and a spirit bonus for bending.

+ R +​

"1st Squad!" My voice rumbled back at them with victorious relish, "With the surrender of this unit, we got them all- the 41st Division has officially won this battle!"

"For Fire Nation and Fire Lord!"

"For the 41st Division!"​

Weapons and fists raised in the air, we cheered, albeit for different reasons. They, because the battle was over, and myself, because we had just acquired an amazingly good secondary reward. [Legendary Division Feat: The Frostforged Thousand]… It was going to help make the rest of the war a lot smoother now. Every part of it is just too good. From the buff when outnumbered, to the permanent bonuses for ambushes and general mobility. And not to mention the reduction to the supply consumption. Ostrich-horses ate a lot of food, so to have something that lessened it was very welcome.

In short, this victory was nothing short than incredible. But although the battle was won, the war wasn't: The main cast had yet to be neutralised after all.

Turning back towards the water Tribe women who were frowning at their enemies celebrating, I continued where we left off. "So, you banished Katara." I said, glancing around to the same wastes that we were all standing in. "Does it make any difference when we're all out here?"

"No, it was symbolic gesture, but she still definitely deserved it. And still needed to go away." She said bitterly, "She pushed us too hard. We were in the same state as we are now- freezing, starving, injured... But she still wanted us to march on. It was obvious that you had bested us, but she refused to see it that way."

"So, she believed in victory, and for that, you cast her out?"

"She believed in suicide," the Third Wave spat, "She would have marched us all to death in some vain hope of turning the tide. We couldn't let her lead us anymore. And yes… that's why we cast her out."

Nodding, I unfurled a map of the area, laid it out onto the snow between me and Third Wave officer, and pointed to a spot with a large armoured finger. "We're here. And this is the path that you've taken from the battlefield. Now point: Where did you banish her?"

Her lips trembled then she lowered herself fully, pressing her forehead into the ice. "O' Giant, I will share that knowledge, but I beg of you, we need food and shelter and medicine."

The others followed suit, pressing their foreheads to the frozen ground in another round of kowtowing.

I let out a weary sigh, waving a hand as if to brush away their exaggerated display. "How fortunate for you all, that you're the only prisoners we managed to take from this battle. That, and we have ample supplies to spare. Speaking of which…"

My eyes flicked to the horizon where powerful draft ostrich-horses came, pulling sleighs laden with goods. Their breath steamed in the frigid air, and the supplies piled high in the sleighs, a mix of the spoils from the Water Tribe caravan and the supplies that we have scavenged on our journey. The rustle of movement caught my attention as the first figures disembarked.

"Your care convoy is here. Lift your heads," I commanded.

They did, and the 'Radiant Moonflower Warrior-Sisters' fell silent in their entirety as they gaped in shock at seeing the familiar faces disembark from the sleigh.

The frozen silence was only broken when a shout rang out as the Third Wave pushed through the snow.

"Princess Yue… Second Wave Nessa!" the young woman sobbed, cheeks streaked with tears that froze mid-flow as she crumbled to her knees right before Nessa. "I'm sorry! I'm sorry for leaving you! Please forgive me!"

The red cloth strip sewn atop Nessa's parka hood fluttered in the wind. Then she reached out a gloved hand and took the Third Wave woman into her arms. Her voice was kind, but also at the brink of crying herself. "It's alright," she said. "I forgive you, sister. The only one at fault here is Katara. I'm just glad to see as many of you alive. And besides… I'm not the one all of us should be apologising to."

Nessa turned towards their snowy-haired princess who had been quietly standing in her parka-dress.

But that only made the Third Wave more emotional. "My Princess," she rasped with trembling lips, "we're sorry… for not being strong enough. For not being able to rescue you."

"No, I'm sorry," Yue said with a sad smile, and sympathy in her ice-blue eyes. "I'm sorry I couldn't convince you all to surrender back then. That I couldn't stop you from marching out to this place. But if nothing else, I'm glad you surrendered now. We'll have you fed, treated, and warmed up- this much I can promise. Captive or not, I'm still your princess. And I will do everything in my power to see you safe… do everything I can to make sure you're all right from now on."

The words barely escaped Yue's lips before the women broke down. Faces raw from the cold and some even clutching missing fingers, they huddled around Yue like children clinging to a mother they thought they'd lost forever. 'Princess Yue! Princess Yue!' They called her name as they cried in relief at being saved, especially when Nessa and the others began handing out blankets, ointments and hot food.

Meanwhile, my Fire Nation troops and I just shared awkward glances at the tearful reunion happening before us- being the very people who placed them in this situation in the first place. Thankfully, they didn't seem particularly torn up about the 10,000 men that we slaughtered. But from the reports I received, these girls used them as meat shields anyway. Best not to mention it. And as one last point of awkwardness, I knew for a fact that Nessa, Yue and the others were still dripping my semen.

But still, it was all very touching, and although we still had a war to win. I did allow them to have their moment, if only so that I could quietly allocated my new Perk Points.

* 2 Perk Points Available.*

[-] means that perk has yet to be purchased.

+ R +

Lvl 100 Strength Perks Available:​

[Lvl 1] Power Move (Passive): You don't 'run.' You kick the ground until it takes you where you want to go. On top of your Dexterity, add (25%) Strength to your running speed and jumping height.

[Lvl 2] Furor of Furious Fury (Active): Angry caveman powers, activate! For the next 4 strikes you make, your strength is doubled. Can be activated (2) times a day.

[Lvl 2] Flex it off! (Passive): You feel a lot better after you pose and flex your muscles. On top of your Constitution, add (50%) Strength to your Health points and Resistances calculations.

[Lvl 2] Overpower (Passive): Hit 'em hard when they're not looking, but hit 'em even harder when they are. Gain (40%) bonus Strength against enemies that you're not outflanking.

[Lvl 1] Chainbreaker (Passive): Because safe words are for the weak and puny. Double your strength bonus when resisting any physical attempt to restrict your movements.

[Lvl 1] Inventory Expansion (Passive): Carry all the crap you could ever want and never need! Gain 4x more inventory space.

Lvl 100 Dexterity Perks Available:​

[Lvl 1] Parkour Prodigy (Passive): Running? On the ground?! Like some peasant!?! Double your Dexterity bonus while performing parkour.

[Lvl 1] Riposte (Passive): A skill distilled from a billion hours in Soulsborne games. Attacking directly after a successful parry now carries a guaranteed crit.

[-] Pickpocket Prodigy (Passive): Yes, you can actually steal equipped items; yes, that includes their underwear. Double your Dexterity bonus while pickpocketing.

[Lvl 1] Bullet Time (Active): Dodge the bullets that haven't been invented yet. Three times a day, slow time to (80%). Bullet Time duration in seconds is equal to a tenth of your Dexterity stat.

[Lvl 1] Dodge Expert (Passive): Combine with Bullet Time for sick slo-mo scenes! Gain 25% to your Dexterity bonus for dodging attacks.

[-] Prise de Fer (Passive): Swing your sword around enough and you become an expert in touching tips. Gain 25% to your Dexterity bonus for all your parry attempts.

Lvl 100 Constitution Perks Available:​

[Lvl 1] Iron Gut (Passive): Not to be confused with iron abs. (Double) your Constitution bonus to resist Poisons, Toxins and illnesses.

[Lvl 1] Clench! (Passive): Brace your glutes! You gain 10% damage reduction for all attacks that you see coming.

[Lvl 2] Relentless (Passive): Be the Party Animal as told in the legends. You no longer require sleep, and all physical fatigue gain is now reduced by (50%).

[Lvl 1] Berserker Rage (Passive): Your incredible anger is your weapon, you are... Karen Incarnate. Gain bonus Strength, Dexterity and Spirit proportional to your missing HP. Up to (200%) bonus stats more at 1% HP.

[-] Bulwark (Passive): You're like a penis- you get harder when you plant yourself somewhere nice. While standing still on a stable surface, gain 20% damage reduction for all attacks. Stacks multiplicatively with other damage reduction perks.

[Lvl 1] Second Wind (Active): The Kyoshi Warriors are never going to win over you in bed. Once a day, all physical fatigue is removed and you recover 5% of your missing health.

Lvl 100 Spirit Perks Available:​

[-] It's not a Dance! (Passive): ... But it just might be a sex position. Double your Spirit bonus when learning/experimenting new bending styles and forms (and sex positions).

[Lvl 1] Spirit Rush (Active): Yes, overconfidence is now a power! Once a day, gain (20%) bonus Spirit. Spirit Rush' duration in seconds is equal to a half of your Spirit stat.

[-] Greater Chi Paths (Passive): For when it takes you too long getting your 'bending' up. Your Chi flows (25%) faster. Allowing bending with fewer wind-up movements, or more powerful bending with normal wind-up movements.

[Lvl 1] Audacious Spirit (Passive): Is something draining the metaphysical life energies of your body? Just walk it off, lol! Whenever you're suffering from a debuff that affects your Spirit (e.g. Poison, blocked chi pathways, nighttime, cold temperature, etc.) Reduce that debuff's effectiveness by 33%.

[-] Mystic Reflux (Passive): Tax the benders… Parrying bending attacks with your own bending restores health and stamina by 3% of the attack's power.

[-] Bend-Resist (Passive): Time to show those other benders exactly where they should shove their bending... Against bending attacks, add 20% of your Spirit Bonus to both your Dexterity's Dodge Bonus and your Constitution's Damage Reduction, respectively.

Lvl 20 Intelligence Perks Available:​

[-] Bibliophile (Passive): You like your books like you like your women: spread open right at the interesting bits… Double your Intelligence bonus for reading- vastly increasing read speed, retention, and comprehension. (Stacks with other memory perks. And extends to manuals, schematics and skillbooks for other stats.)

[Lvl 1] Hyperfocused Training (Active): Achieve a higher state of being by activating all of your braincells at once- all three of them… For a single day, one chosen skill has 200% XP gains, but all other skills gain no XP for the duration.

+ R +​

I chose [Bend-Resist] and [Bibliophile].

[Bend-Resist] for all-round tankiness in this world filled with people who can dish out consistent elemental damage. And [Bibliophile] because I would have chosen it before if I hadn't already previously chosen [Hyperfocused Training] to grind my [Engineering] skill ASAP. Those [Stink Bombs] and [Ostrich-horse-mounted Mini Catapults] turned out to be incredible when used creatively. Fighting ten times our number fair and square would have seen a lot of my 41st Division dead.

With my Perk Points allocated, I turned back to the emotional reunion of Water Tribe girls.

Time's up.

With a massive, armoured hand, my seven-foot-tall frame reached into the cluster of emotional Water Tribe women. I grabbed the Third Officer by the nape of her parka, lifting her effortlessly, like one would pick out a kitten from a litter. Raising her until she was face to face with my skull-faced helm, I asked, very politely.

"Now, which direction did Katara wander off in?"



(Two Hours later) [Three kilometres south of Nanuk's Valley]

I could hear them shouting, in panic and in fear, as the 1st Squad and I surged straight at them through the snow.

"They're here! Katara, get on! Hurry!"​

Across the snowy valley, my eyes locked onto our target as she was hurried onto that damned sky bison- Sokka, now fully healed, and Hahn, somehow escaped from captivity, both working frantically to get Katara onto that massive furry beast. But something was wrong. Maybe it was her injuries slowing them down, or maybe panic had made them clumsy, but they were struggling to get her on board. And with every second wasted, the 1st Squad and I closed in, and everyone in this valley knew that if we reached them first…

It was naught for though. They managed to get Katara into the saddle, and one of them took the reins.

"Appa! Yip yip! YIP YIP!"​

With a mighty groan and a plume of displaced snow, Appa lifted off up to the sky, still too far for my [Meteor Hammer] to reach.

And in that moment when every millisecond counted, I pulled from my [inventory] the one weapon that did not require any windup. Only skill.

(Relic) [Sokka's Boomerang]​

A hybrid weapon that can be used as both a melee or a thrown weapon. As a very rare and hard-to-master weapon, the Southern Water Tribe boomerang is usually underestimated by those who first come across it, but only the first time. Although the boomerang may not be as deadly as other thrown weapons, wielders of this weapon who have survived long enough to grow skilled in its usage are usually the crafty and cunning sort- hurling this weapon to strike at unexpected angles and disrupt their foes' fighting styles at crucial moments. All from anywhere in the battlefield. Such versatility comes at a cost though, should an eagle-eyed opponent with swift enough hands intuit the boomerang's flight path, it would be child's play to parry it out of the air and force the boomerang's wielder to come and retrieve it themselves; A notable challenge for someone left without a weapon.

Smithing: Lvl 30 - Mystic Sage​

This particular Southern Water Tribe boomerang is amazingly well-crafted. The edge and general body is made of a steel alloy that is uncharacteristically high quality for a Southern Water Tribe weapon who are generally infamous for their steelworks or lack thereof, allowing it to slice through the air with remarkable precision unmatched by other Southern Water Tribe boomerangs.

There is also a strange weight distribution to it- too heavy to be merely a steel alloy. It's core is made of platinum, no doubt. This boomerang was likely one of the many trophies of excess and decadence born from the infamous Platinum Affair of Avatar Yangchen's time; and now, it has been reforged with a steel edge and pressed into active service once again after several centuries of acting as a mere mantlepiece.

Whoever was behind this boomerang was a weaponsmith of exceptional calibre, it is a deceptively effective creation; and certainly, a handsome gift for any Head Chieftain of the Southern Water Tribe.

Attunement: (-100/25 Sokka Reputation Required)​

Sokka's Boomerang is a weapon steeped in his Southern Water Tribe heritage. It serves as a reminder, both of Sokka's roots and his journey as a capable warrior-strategist. There is a subtle engraving debossed on one of its cheeks. One way or another, it will always return to its owner.

Weapon Proficiency: Lvl 7 - Apprentice​

At high proficiency levels, you'll be able to cut or smash single or multiple targets at any range and around any obstacles at any angle you wish. So great is the sheer versatility of this weapon that it allows you to exert a disproportionate amount of influence on the battlefield, it would be as if you were the invisible hand reaching out over a Paisho board and plucking your opponent's pieces right off the board.

+ R +​

It was a souvenir from when Sokka saved their lives in Agna Qel'a, and now, it was going to 'return' to its owner, full force. I stomped my armoured boots deep into the snow for better stability, activated [Bullet Time] for the slow-mo aim time and [Furor of Furious Fury] for the damage; and with every ounce of Strength in my seven-foot-tall frame of metal and muscle, I hurled [Sokka's Boomerang] at their retreating silhouette. The boomerang zipping through the air like some dragonfly at full speed.

[Furor of Furious Fury] : 3 of 4 Charges left.​
The boomerang did the unlikely: It actually hit. Darting in struck the bison's side at full force, Appa visibly recoiled in the air, veering left as his roar of pain echoed outwards, but… he continued on flying. Slower but still flying. We still had a shot at this.

"1st Squad, maintain the chase!" I roared back to them, "We're burning this flying cattle out the sky! We'll chase them all the way to the Agna Qel'a if we had to. [As One]!"

"SIR, YES, SIR!"​

Firebolts seared through the air. Even if we can't end it all now. We'll at least slow them down.


- The Defeated End -​


Chapter 31 - Doom, War and Peanuts

~In which… The smiling execution-loli arrives with her 200 hundred warships and all her thousands of grizzled war veteran friends arrive to make the Northern Water Tribe really, really sorry for being evil Waterbenders. Sokka leads an elite Water Tribe force to infiltrate the Fire Nation flagship in a last ditch effort, and on that ship, they find... ~

Coming Soon for Public Release!​

AN:

This chapter occurs during... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 20 - The Siege of the North II).

Nessa… was only supposed to be a background expy. A dead one. She was to be a tongue-in-cheek joke about naming a character posthumously. But people seemed to really look forward to her last chapter, so that contributed to needing the rewrite.

'That was brutal/fucked up/horrifying'... the previous Chapter 29 was, according to readers. Which is the reason why this chapter is actually a 'softer' rewrite. If vague depictions of Mongolian warfare is enough to rattle people, then the original chapter 30's depiction of PTSD and mind break for Katara would have been gratuitous torture porn. So, I present to you this rewritten, toned-down version of Chapter 30. Less 'too real' PTSD, and more eager, submissive, chocolate-skinned girls.
Last edited: Jan 28, 2025
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like LikeReport
Like Reactions:You, SamuelAtomizer, Stefan99 and 1,357 others
Infonticus
Jan 27, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
1
2
  Next
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
2 more messages…
 Not open for further replies.
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Restless1
 [NSFW] Bones Don't Burn (Avatar The Last Airbender SI)
Restless1 May 10, 2026 Words: 2.6k 1 2 3 avatar: the last airbender necromancy self-insert
Replies72
Views12K
Aug 17, 2026
abominable
abominable
HiddenMaster
 [NSFW] The Greatest Avalanche (Avatar the Last Airbender OCI, Butterfly Effect)
HiddenMaster Aug 20, 2026 Words: 7.8k avatar: the last airbender blind butterfly effect
Replies8
Views2K
Tuesday at 08:33
Doccer
Doccer
PerfectP: II
Locked
[NSFW] Avatar of the Seven Kingdoms (ASOIAF X Avatar: The Last Airbender)
PerfectP: II Apr 2, 2026 Words: 44k game of thrones harem jon is the avatar
Replies16
Views5K
Apr 11, 2026
PerfectP: II
PerfectP: II
PerfectPage
[NSFW] Avatar of the Seven Kingdoms (ASOIAF & Avatar: The Last Airbender)
PerfectPage Mar 6, 2026 Words: 8.3k a song of ice and fire avatar: the last airbender crossover
Replies3
Views2K
Apr 11, 2026
saganatsu
Ainzor
[NSFW] Fisting to Freedom (Avatar: The Last Airbender SI)
Ainzor Nov 12, 2025 Words: 12k avatar: the last airbender eventual smut self-insert
Replies23
Views10K
Nov 30, 2025
mossconfig
mossconfig
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit


Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Burn the World Down (Gamer SI, Avatar: The Last Airbender)
 Thread starterInfonticus  Start dateJan 31, 2023  Tagsavatar avatar: the last airbender dub-con gamer harem smut
 Not open for further replies.
Prev  
1
2
 
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 31 - Doom, War and Peanuts
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Jan 29, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,668
Chapter 31 - Doom, War and Peanuts

~In which… The smiling execution-loli arrives with her 200 hundred warships and all her thousands of grizzled war veteran friends arrive to make the Northern Water Tribe really, really sorry for being evil Waterbenders. Sokka leads an elite Water Tribe force to infiltrate the Fire Nation flagship in a last ditch effort to kidnap the admiral, and on that ship, they find... ~


"Aang's not here."

"Looks like the lieutenant got fed some bad intel, Suki."
​

[Agna Qel'a Royal Palace - Guest Suite]

Aang rested his good hand on Sokka's shoulder, giving it a firm, reassuring squeeze.

"Hey… thanks for coming, Aang," Sokka said, his gaze never leaving the sleeping Katara. She lay cradled in warm buffalo-yak fur, her face smeared with special green seaweed cream to treat where frostbite had flaked off the skin of her nose and cheeks. But even without it, Aang could see that she was in a pretty rough shape. Her cheeks were sunken, her lips cracked... like she hadn't eaten in days.

"You don't have to thank me. I was worried for her too." Aang admitted, his grey eyes flicking back to Sokka, "But… if you don't mind me asking…"

"Katara's going to be alright. Master Yagoda said so herself," Sokka said- too tersely, as if they were arguing- then caught himself and softened his tone. "Sorry. I'm still on edge from how close we were to… nevermind."

"I know… I saw the state Appa was in when you came back."

Sokka winced. "Sorry about that. The Fire Nation just wouldn't let up- kept right on our tail the entire way back."

"I don't like seeing him hurt, but…" Aang glanced at Katara, then back at Sokka with a small smile. "What's important is that you all made it home. But Master Yagoda did help with his wounds. He'll be fine after a few days, and besides, I'm sure Appa doesn't hold it against you- it was for Katara, I'm sure he understands. He's a big softie like that."

"Well, me and Katara owe him a lot of spa sessions after this. That's for sure!" Sokka chuckled too.

Aang was grateful for that- knowing that Sokka could still smile despite everything that happened. His eyes went back to Katara. Watching as her chest rose and fell in concerningly uneven breaths, as if she was trying to shout something in her sleep. Something was still bothering her. He glanced around for the likely source- his eyes going from that strong-smelling tray of medicinal herbs laying on the bedside, to the blue ice walls of the room that might be too cold even despite being decorated with hung pelts, and finally, to that open window with the view of the coastal walls was letting in too much light.

Walking over, he drew the fur curtains half-closed as he asked, "Was Katara already unconscious when you found her?"

Sokka's hand reached out to stroke his sister's hair. "Worse…" He said quietly, "You should have seen the state me and Appa found her in, Aang. Just wandering alone in the snow plains with a dazed look in her eyes. She barely even reacted when I was shouting at her: 'Get on! The Fire Nation's coming!' But she just stared at me like her mind was elsewhere. I don't know how to describe it. Even on the way back, she barely said anything. It really freaked me out."

"Was it poison?"

"Could have been," Sokka muttered, unsure, "Master Yagoda said there were signs of it. She's been giving Katara some antidotes, and right now, we're in the 'wait and see' part of things."

At that, Aang let out the breath that he didn't know he was holding. Someone doing even half the things that Sokka described Katara doing was already incredibly worrying. So, knowing that it was fixable was a huge relief.

"Speaking of waiting and seeing, Aang… You mind if I bunk in with you in the other room? I'd sleep here, but Master Yagoda said no."

Aang smiled. "I don't mind at all. In fact, I'd like that a lot. The guest room they gave me is a lot larger and a lot more… expensive than what an Air Nomad like me is comfortable with. Our cottage was a lot cozier. And besides…" He looked over at Katara, his heart feeling like it ached every time he looked at her. "… I think she needs us close by."

"Yeah, she should have someone with her to keep her safe."


"No, Aang was here- they must have relocated him. We still have an entire day left to pull something off. Maybe we can- Oh no…"

"Suki, are you seeing this?!"

"… I am, and I think we just failed our mission."
​

"But… There were 10,000 warriors with her and that special unit of Master Yagoda's students… shouldn't she have been safe with them?" Aang asked quietly.

"I thought so too," Sokka replied, his tone bitter.

"Do we know about what happened out there?"

Sokka gave an angry scoff. "If you believe Hahn, there were actually ten thousand Fire Nation ostrich-horse cavalry troops supported by a hundred thousand barbarians out in the Polar Wastes. Completely surrounded, he led the army to fight the Fire Nation across a hundred battles over the last six days, winning each time before the Fire Nation wheeled out a thousand catapults that scattered them."

Aang raised an eyebrow at the heavy sarcasm in Sokka's voice. "And what do you think really happened?"

"I think Hahn's full of it," Sokka said gruffly. "We handed him an army of 10,000 brave Water Tribe warriors, pointed him at 1,000 Fire Nation troops, and figured not even he could screw it up. But he did. And now he's lying through his teeth to cover it up- because he knows if the Fire Nation force was anything less than the humongous army he claims, he'll be banished to the wastes."

"Except… Him and Katara were the only ones you found there." Aang finished, "We can't prove how many of them were really there."

"No, we can't." Sokka gently squeezed Katara's hand through the blanket, and his voice lowered to a grim whisper, "There were a lot of dead bodies out there in the tundras, Aang. Entire fields of it. But I didn't see a single Fire Nation one. I think things went really bad for them."

The room felt colder suddenly as the enormity of the situation settled in, and a lot more quiet too, save for Katara's shuddering breaths.

Aang's gaze drifted to the floor. "So what happens now?"

"Honestly? Not much," Sokka sighed, rubbing the back of his neck. "The Fire Nation is still out there, and judging by the probing attacks we've seen the past few days, they're not breaking through these walls anytime soon. Agna Qel'a is safe, for now. After everything that's happened, morale's so deep in the gutter that going back out there for round two… I doubt anyone's eager to sign up. Sure, we'll have another 10,000 warriors trained up in a few days, maybe even scrape together enough weapons and supplies to arm them. But if the new chiefs are going to send any more of their clansmen, we need something big- something that makes them believe we can actually win the next counterattack.
"Something big, huh? Like the Avatar fighting with them?"

"Yeah, that'd do it." Sokka gave a ready smile. "Are you good to go?"

"I just need a day or two," Aang replied, flexing his still injured hand.


"The Fire Nation Armada... They arrived early."
​

A sudden clamour outside yanked Aang and Sokka from their conversation- shouts and rushing footsteps echoing through the palace corridors.

Aang shot Sokka a worried glance. "What's going on?"

"Let's find out." He was already strapping his boomerang to his back as he strode for the door. Aang followed behind, but hesitated, glancing at Katara. Sokka caught his hand. "She's safe here. And we have to make sure it stays that way."

Aang squared his shoulders. "Right!"

They rushed out, and down to the ground floor of the palace where the usually serene atmosphere of the royal palace was now a raging rapid of activity. Palace guards rushed everywhere with grim expressions while groups of elders with their whalebone-studded hats murmured anxiously amongst themselves. And as they entered the grand chamber, Aang saw Master Pakku already standing at the centre, his long grey hair and those distinct deep blue Waterbender robes surrounded by a circle of replacement chiefs and advisers.

"Master Pakku!" Aang called out. "What's happening?"

The group paused in their discussion as the senior Waterbender stepped forward, held out something to them, "The elders say that this black snow is a dark omen of a Fire Nation."

Sokka stepped forward, taking the black and white lump in his mittened hand. "Yes, that's soot alright." He said with a hardened expression, "I've seen it before- right before my village was attacked. It's soot from Fire Nation ships mixed with snow. That Fire Nation division must have called for backup, and now they've got ships closing in on the North Pole. And from how thick the soot is, I'd say there's a lot of them."

"How many?" Master Pakku asked, his face set in hard lines.
"At least two dozen ships, maybe more." Sokka answered.

Aang listened as the elders and chiefs broke into more worried mutters, tossing around talk of warriors, whalebone weapons, and ships—none of which they had right now. The Fire Nation's sneak attack from the week before hit harder now than it did the first time: chiefs gone, arsenals burned to ash, and their fleet torched at the docks. The failed counterattack only made things worse, with most of their seasoned warriors lost out in the Polar Wastes. And now, they were short on everything. Fresh recruits with hardly any weapons to arm them, new leaders who didn't know what they were doing, and no ships to send them out on.

They weren't in any position to defend the city from a Fire Nation fleet. Not anymore.

"What about the rafts and canoes we've been making?" Aang stepped up before the panic could rise any higher. "Can the Northern Water Tribe still fight them with those?"

Master Pakku turned to him, unimpressed. "Against a dozen Fire Nation cruisers? In broad daylight? At this short notice? No. But a naval attack alone won't bring Agna Qel'a down. That I can assure you."

The wizened elders nodded as well, agreeing with the sentiment. It gave Aang a little bit of hope.


"Uh… Suki? Shouldn't we be running our butts off right about now? We don't know how long before the saturation bombardment starts!"

"Right! Sisters, let's get to our extraction point! Quickly!"
​

"Sokka," Master Pakku prompted, like a general talking to his officer, "you've seen this before. How much time do we have?"

Aang watched as Sokka didn't answer immediately. Instead, he walked over to the palace window, staring out at the cloud of black smoke creeping over the horizon. A look of concentration on his face, dredging up details from old memories that Aang knew were painful- the same memories of when the Fire Nation had attacked his village, and when Sokka and Katara had lost their mother.
After a tense silence, Sokka turned to face them, "A few hours… if we even get that long."

"Sooner than I had hoped, but enough time to make some preparations." Master Pakku's expression darkened before turning to the elders and the replacement chiefs. "Sound the drums and have the shelters prepared. Prioritise the children and the sick. Have the Waterbenders fortify the walls and ready the defences. We must be prepared to fend those Warm Landers off if they try to breach the coastal walls! Sokka, gather all our battle plans, we're relocating our war room to the cellar below! All of you, move, we have no time to waste!"

A whirlwind of parkas and urgent jogging as everyone rushed off. Sokka nodded to Aang before jogging off as well.

Drums began to beat in the distance

"Uh… What should I do, Master Pakku?" said Aang.

Master Pakku who ran a tired mittened hand over his balding head. "I won't lie, Avatar Aang…" He said, and Aang winced at the sound of his title. It was never a good thing when people used it with his name. "We sent our best warriors out in the Polar Wastes in that ill-fated counterattack against those Fire Nation elites. And now, we're spread dangerously thin in terms of able warriors. Our warriors won't falter- they'll defend their home with everything they have- but if the Fire Nation breaks through…"

"Then we fight with everything we've got." Aang nodded, his grip on his staff tightening. "We're not letting them take Agna Qel'a without a fight."

Master Pakku gave a weary smile. "I'd prefer they didn't take Agna Qel'a at all," he quipped, but his tone grew serious again as he stepped closer, lowering his voice so only he could hear. "But Aang, you need to understand something: we might not win this battle."
Aang blinked, completely surprised by the sudden change in tone. "What are you saying?"

"If Agna Qel'a falls- and it might- you need to escape. You're the Avatar, the last hope for the world. If you die here, I fear that the balance will be lost forever."

"But! I can't just leave you all to fight alone!" His voice in pure disbelief. "If I run, it feels like I'm giving up on everyone here in the Northern Water Tribe!"

The aged waterbender master simply placed a hand on Aang's shoulder. "You're not giving up. The Avatar's duty is to the world, not just one city. And it needs you to restore Balance, even if it means leaving the Water Tribe behind for now. And besides," Master Pakku gave a reassuring smile, "You came back for us once. I'm sure you can do it again."

Aang took a deep breath. He knew what Master Pakku meant. It was just like what Avatar Roku said during the solstice: Not even the Avatar will be able to restore balance if he failed to master the Four Elements and stop the Fire Lord. But… leaving these people behind, it still hurts to even consider it. He was just about to refuse anyway, but at the last moment, Katara's sleeping face flashed in his mind. "Okay…" he finally said. "I'll stay and fight. But if it comes to that… I'll do it, but I'll definitely come back to free you from the Fire Nation."

"And that's all we can ask of you." Master Pakku nodded, before smirking, "And please, let's not speak as if our defeat is carved into the glaciers just yet. The Northern Water Tribe will fight with all the strength the Moon and Ocean Spirits have given us to see our home safe. But if destiny dictates otherwise… Don't hesitate to take Sokka and Katara, and fly off to the Earth Kingdom."

"Thank you, Master Pakku. And yeah, we won't lose Agna Qel'a. Not on my watch."


"And we're out. But… are we really just supposed to watch as it happens?"

"Only until our extraction arrives."

"… I don't think Agna Qel'a will even hold out that long."
​

(Half an hour later)

Aang felt small standing atop the coastal wall of Agna Qel'a, like an orange-and-yellow speck on the huge glacier of reinforced ice. The wall towered above the city, taller than hills, thicker than houses, and stretching the entire breadth of Agna Qel'a with its carved animal heads. Only the Walls of Ba Sing Se surpassed it in scale and strength. So, it was hard to imagine any Fire Nation ship breaking through, but they had spent hours fortifying it with Waterbending anyway.

Aang gripped his staff tight with his uncasted hand, wincing slightly as pain cracked up his arm. The small sound caught Sokka's attention, and he glanced over.

"Did Master Yagoda say you could fight, Aang?"

"I… didn't have the time to ask." Aang glanced away. "You're not gonna tell on me, are you?"

"Nope. But we'll be counting on you, Aang. So don't push it too hard, alright?"

"I won't let you down."

Sokka nodded, his face tight with concern. Across the wall, Water Tribe warriors stood at attention, their blue-and-white parkas fluttering in the wind, whalebone spears gripped tightly, sharpened bone pointing straight up to the sky. Their foreheads were marked with Water Tribe warpaint- three wavy red lines symbolising waves crashing on a shore. 'The Mark of the Fierce,' as Sokka had explained. These warriors didn't look so fierce to Aang- too skinny, too young and too old. Not like the tall, muscular men who had marched out to face the Fire Nation's 41st Division a few days ago. But they were determined to protect their home. And that was enough. It had to be.
Then, the moment they waited for finally came.

"FIRE NATION!" The call rang out from the observation towers situated higher above, and the war drums began to beat louder, echoing through the city.

Aang squinted at the horizon, not yet seeing them from this vantage point. He would have gone out on Appa to face them in the sea, but with Appa injured again rescuing Katara, he couldn't risk it. That was alright. Being forced to choose between saving a friend and attacking an enemy, he'd always take the first.

Tense few minutes crawled by, everyone just staring and squinting at the horizon, tension thick enough to be cut with a knife before finally, they came into view.

A solitary black dot on the pristine blue line.

A Fire Nation cruiser, an entire town's worth of Fire Nation soldiers encased in a black metal fortress that burned a swathe across seas. And it didn't come alone. More of those dots appeared, growing. From the line where sky met sea, Fire Nation warships rose from the horizon like the clawed fingers of a monstrous metal hand, as if some gigantic spirit from the Underworld was reaching up from beyond the curve of the horizon to claim the world.

The Fire Nation had come.

"That's definitely more than just two dozen, Sokka." Aang's throat went dry.

One by one, the Water Tribe warriors began to murmur in disbelief; and Aang could feel their fearful gasps in the disturbing breeze. Warship after warship after warship pierced over the horizon, a seemingly endless procession of Fire Nation vessels. Fifty, sixty, seventy… the numbers kept climbing as the minutes passed, filling the Northern Sea with dark silhouettes. A fleet stretching across the horizon like an unstoppable force of nature.

There weren't fifty ships. There weren't even a hundred.

"That's… too many," Aang whispered, a sickening knot forming in his stomach as he couldn't do anything but count, "Sokka, there must be two hundred warships here."

Two hundred. More than twice their worst fears. A lot more.

"That elite division wasn't the main force…" Sokka muttered in realisation, his knuckles white as he gripped the hilt of his boomerang. "They were just the vanguard. This- this is the actual Fire Nation invasion. Spirits, it's not even a fleet… it's an Armada."


"Two hundred thousand people… I hope they find peace for what's about to come next."
​

[Grand Admiral Zhao's Battleship]

It was a game to her- the extermination of the Water Tribe, Zhao realised. Like something to be played at some schoolyard. Except where ordinary children would wager sweets, the stakes here was a city reduced to ash.

On the bridge deck of his battleship, Grand Admiral Zhao looked down at the main deck, where a little pink-haired girl no older than six summers was inspecting the assembled ranks of the trebuchet crews. Her red cape fluttered behind her as her stubby legs marched up and down the deck, battle-hardened men scared stiff by her mere presence. Zhao let her play her games. In the end, her infamy would only heighten his legend after all.

"Today, we're gonna make those evil waterbenders sorry that they were ever waterbenders! Cuz the good guys are here to save the day!" Her little voice rang out. "Anya says: move to your positions!"

As if her words carried the weight of the Fire Lord himself, the trebuchet crews sprang into action, scrambling from their tight formation to man their great siege engines. Their every action dictated by the whims of a girl barely tall enough to see over the railing.

"Lower the arm!" she chirped.

No one moved.

"Good one!" the little pink-haired girl laughed, her tiny hands clapping in delight, "Anya says: Lower the arm!"

"Anya says: Lower the arm!"

In sync, the two trebuchet operators turned the winch with their great strength- raising high the massive leaden counterweight and the swing arm low to its ready position. With a chunky clunk of metal gears, they locked the counterweight into place, then returned to standing at attention.

"Anya says: Load the money shins!" she sang, as though she were requesting her favourite toy.

Four Loaders hauled the munitions- carefully securing the man-sized ball of compacted high explosives onto the sling. For over fifty years of war, the destructive power of these weapons shattered the thick walls of Earth Kingdom fortresses into scorched rubble. Now, they were reformulated to be even more potent. The wrathful fruits of War Minister Qin's department. The deck crew eyed it warily and gave the immense ball of high explosive death a wide berth, but not Anya- not the adoptive daughter of the Fire Nation Giant himself. She skipped closer, no more afraid than she would be of an ordinary ball.

"Aim!" she shouted.

The crew hesitated again, waiting.
"You guys are getting so good at this!" the little pink-haired girl laughed, her tiny hands clapping in delight, "Anya says: Aim at the evil Waterbender nest!"

The operators adjusted the trebuchets' rotations, deliberate and precise, as though their lives hung on her next command. In a way, they did.
"Anya says: hammer guy and torch guy get ready!"

The torchbearer readied the torch that burned hot enough to melt through the safety coating. And the release operator, hefted his great metal mallet- its shadow looming over the trigger assembly. Both men turned to Anya, waiting for the order that would start the Siege- No, the Annihilation of the Water Tribe Capital.

Anya smiled back at them.

"Anya says… Fire."​

The fuse was set alight, and the iron mallet came crashing down.

Metal on metal rang out as it slammed into the trigger, released the catch and sent the trebuchet's ponderous counterweight go into freefall. All around them, the sound was repeated- a chain reaction across the two hundred warships that filled the sea. Five hundred trebuchets hurled their deadly payload skyward, tails of smoke and fire streaking behind them. and the cacophony of those flaming orbs streaking across the blue sky made it sound like the very sky itself was shrieking as if burned.

And all while, Anya bounced on her toes and cheered as she watched the spectacle unfold with wide, eager eyes.

Zhao could only imagine how it would appear to the Water Tribe savages as the munitions reached the peak of their arc. Staring up at the sky to what must have looked like a thousand blazing suns falling from the heavens, ready to end their entire world.


"May Kyoshi have mercy on this doomed city."
​

(Eight hours of bombardment later) [Zhao's Flagship]

It wasn't normally his style, but Sokka prayed, and he prayed hard.

"Moon and Ocean Spirit… Please be with us tonight."

The nearly full moon hung above them, casting a silver glow on Sokka and his men pulled themselves up the black iron hull. Grappling hooks bit into metal, and one by one, they hauled their way into one of the battleship's many life raft bays.
"Point of no return, warriors," Sokka told the gathered battalion of Water Tribe men in Fire Nation navy uniforms. "We don't leave until the mission's done… Sink 'em."

With grim expressions, they tugged on the ropes leading back down to the water tribe canoes and opened holes in the hulls. They all watched as their only way back sank beneath the freezing arctic waters. They needed to do this. All it would have taken was for a single Fire Nation soldier to look down from the railing and see a lot of Water Tribe canoes pressed against the hull. Enough canoes for an elite strike force, enough canoes to change the course of the siege.

Clearing his throat, Sokka spoke. "Phase one complete. Now, here we are- on the biggest and baddest ship in the Fire Nation Armada, the flagship. We're moving to Phase two: We locate the head officer of this fleet and get into position to capture him. His name's Admiral Zhao. Not Admiral 'Choi' or 'Jao' but 'Zhao.' Got it?" He turned his gaze to one soldier in particular. "I said 'Got it?', Hahn."

The entire docking bay full of men turned to stare at a specific one. The 'former' Head chieftain of the Northern Water Tribe looked like he swallowed a whole lemon, but he still nodded stiffly. This was Hahn's last chance to redeem himself in the eyes of the tribes. Maybe even enough to make himself Head chieftain again. It was a big maybe, but if Sokka could count on anything, it'll be that Hahn will fight tooth and nail for a scrap of glory.

"Yeah. Admiral Zhao." The 'head chieftain' repeated, "We grab him, we win the war."

Sokka hid a wince. "Saying that this'll 'win the war' is a stretch... But capturing the admiral will at least force the Fire Nation to the table." Sokka made sure to meet each of their eyes one by one, keeping his tone firm and confident, "It'll save Agna Qel'a- it'll save the Northern Water Tribe."

Their faces grew even more serious beneath their stolen Fire Nation helmets. Sokka didn't know how many of them would make it through this, but they couldn't let another day of bombardment pass. The trebuchets had torn through their defenses, and they had lost more lives in the first day than the entire army of 10,000 they sent out, which was completely wiped out, and that was on the low side of the estimates.

"And one more thing," Sokka added, holding their attention, "if you find Zhao, don't attack him until the signal. We don't have the numbers to fight the thousands of crewmen on this giant ship. If the admiral escapes in the scuffle, this whole mission's for nothing."

More nods. Silent, serious. Sokka slipped on his own Fire Nation helmet, the cold metal pressing down on his shoulders like the weight of the entire Water Tribe. Maybe even the entire world.

"Moon and Ocean Spirits be with you, Last Chance Battalion," he murmured.

Because that's what they were- the last chance. The Northern Water Tribe wouldn't survive another day of this siege. Everything depended on capturing that admiral. They had the numbers for that one guy and his bodyguards. However...

Spirits help them if there was a monster like the Giant on board.


"Munya... peanuts..."

Anya wriggled free from her Mama's hug, rubbing her sleepy eyes. She checked her bedside table- the peanut bowl's empty. Her cheeks puffed in a pout. Hugging Buttercup, her ostrich-horse plushie (who still had a stuffed Earthbender trapped in its beakie), she shuffled into the hallway and made her way to the kitchens.

"Midnight peanuts… Anya needs her peanuts…"


(A few minutes later)

"Found anything?"

"Sokka! Spirits- almost clocked you there." Hahn muttered, lowering his gauntleted fist. "Yeah, we found it. The stairwell to the bridge is just down that hallway."

He pointed down the metal hall lit up in that ever present red light, and Sokka let out a breath he hadn't realised he was holding.

"Good work. I figured it'd take us ages to find it in a ship this huge. Seriously, the Fire Nation just had to make it so stupidly large- even bigger than the royal palace." He glanced over his shoulder at his warriors in Fire Nation uniforms. "Alright, you know the drill. Get word to the other teams- tell them how to reach the bridge. Then lie low near the stairwell until I give the signal."

The soldiers nodded, saluting with a Fire Nation precision that made Sokka grimace a little inside. They marched off, disappearing into the maze of hallways.

Hahn leaned closer. "So, what now? Do we just wait until-"

"Shush!" Sokka snapped, holding up a hand. His eyes darted down the hallway. "Look... over there."

A long shadow shuffled toward them, cast against the red-lit walls. Sokka tensed. Was it a guard? A scout? Then, stepping into view, came a tiny figure in red silk pajamas, her pink hair tousled and wild. She was holding a half-empty bowl of peanuts in one hand and cradling a small ostrich-horse plushie in the other.

Sokka blinked, frozen in disbelief. "Is that... a kid?"

The two of them stood there, dumbstruck, as the little girl shuffled closer, rubbing her eyes sleepily. The sound of peanuts softly clinking against the bowl echoed in the hallway, the only noise in the thick, tense silence.

"Yep," Hahn said, his eyes wide. "A kid."

She almost bumped against Hahn's shins before she finally noticed- blinking up at them. "Mmmm... can you guys scootsh a bit? Anya wants to go back to bed."

Sokka and Hahn exchanged looks through their helmets. Sokka knelt down to her eye level. "Hey, are you one of the officer's kids?"

"Mmmm?" She yawned. "Who're you?"

"We're just your regular Fire Nation soldiers. Big and strong, and on your side!" Sokka smiled as the girl continued to stare at them. He wasn't too worried about getting found out that they were actually Water Tribe in disguise, not by a little girl at least.

But then… she froze. Her green eyes blinked, widening as she stared at them all. The bowl slipped from her hand, and the peanuts scattered across the floor with a loud clatter. "Wa-wa-wa-WATERBENDERS!" She screamed a shrill little girl scream, "MAMA! WATERBENDERS ON THE- Mmmph!"

"How'd she know!?" Hahn hissed, clamping his hand over the girl's mouth as her tiny fists pounded at his gauntlets; but it was too late, the scream was already echoing up and down the hallway. Vibrations in the metal telling Sokka that the Fire Nation had heard it, and they were already rousing awake. Just their luck- so much for the sneaky approach!
Sokka peeked behind a nearby door, gesturing hurriedly. "Everyone! Into this store room, quick!"

The entire squad hustled into the cramped store room amongst the metal crates, pressed against the door and listened to the voices of alerted Fire Nation soldiers just outside, and Sokka held his breath, pressing himself against the cold metal wall of the cramped storeroom. He could feel the collective tension of his men, hands gripping tight on their whalebone knives.

"I heard Lady Anya scream! It came from this direction!"

"There's a bowl of peanuts on the floor- She was here!"

"We got to find her! My shift will NOT be responsible for this!"

"Evening shift isn't going to be dragged into this either!"

"Grand Admiral Zhao'll have ALL our heads if anything happens to her! Spread out!"​

Hurried footsteps beat past the door as the Fire Nation soldiers scrambled in all directions, and Sokka heard everyone in the cramped room release the breath they were all holding. "Too close... that was way too close," He whispered, exhaling too before toward Hahn, who still had the girl locked in his grip.

"And 'Lady' Anya?" Sokka's eyes narrowed at the pink-haired child in Hahn's arms.

"Mmmffmm!" came her muffled reply, squirming as she tried to break free from Hahn's hold.

Hahn, clearly irritated, snapped, "Stop squirming, you little twerp!"

But she squirmed until her mouth was free at least. Her small hands slapping at metal of Hahn's gauntlets, "Papa Khan will get you all, you evil Waterbenders!" she growled, her voice full of bravado. For such a tiny girl, she was fierce- or at least she tried to be. Unfortunately for her, her attempts at intimidation came off as more adorable than menacing.

"Papa... Khan?" Sokka muttered, eyes widening as the realisation hit him. "Your dad's the Giant?!"

"Yeah!" Anya puffed out her chest, despite being held in place. "And everyone's going to use his superweapon, and they're going to burn your little igloos down! And then Papa's going to come and make you all sorry for upsetting Fire Lord Ozzy! And—mmph!"

Hahn had clamped a hand back over her mouth, but he grinned excitedly at Sokka. "This is huge! We got the Giant's own daughter! Now, we can trade her for all the hostages the Fire Nation's been holding!"
"Don't forget Yue!"

"Yeah, yeah. My used-goods betrothed, of course." Hahn rolled his eyes, as if she were nothing more than an afterthought.

Sokka's jaw clenched, anger boiling beneath the surface. This jerk didn't deserve to speak Yue's name, let alone call her 'used goods.' For a moment, he considered knocking Hahn flat, but he forced himself to stay focused. There were bigger problems right now. Taking a breath to calm himself, he narrowed his gaze back at Anya. "Wait," Sokka said, suddenly remembering something else the little girl had said. "What was that about a superweapon?"

Hahn hesitated, glancing down at Anya before loosening his grip. "Yeah, kid. Spill it. What's this superweapon you're going on about?"
"... Anya's not telling!"

"Hahn, we need to find that superweapon."

"What?" Hahn looked confused, his brow furrowing. "What are you talking about? We grab Zhao to make the Armada go home, and now we've got this little brat to barter with the Giant. We've got all the leverage! With Zhao and the kid, we might even win outright! I'm totally getting my position as Head Chieftain back after this! Dude, we're set!"

"No, we're not." His voice was sharp, his tone cutting through Hahn's delusions. "We can't just sit back and hope we've got enough leverage! What use is leverage gonna get us when we come home to the smoking crater of Agna Qel'a, huh?"

Hahn pressed his lips together and grunted reluctantly. "Ergh… fine. You got a point."

"Good." Sokka nodded, and turned his attention back to Anya, who was still quietly glaring at him. "This superweapon... you're keeping it here on this ship, aren't you?"

"Not telling!"

"Looks like they are, Hahn." Sokka said without missing a beat.

"Wha- How'd you know?! Did you read Anya's mind or somethin'?!"

"Nope, you just told me just now," Sokka smirked, and the realisation filled those green eyes. That trick never got old.

Anya's eyes went wide, "Dangit! You sneaky evil Waterbender!"

Sokka chuckled, but his smile quickly faded as the gravity of the situation returned. "I don't suppose you'll tell us what kind of superweapon it is?"

The tiny pink-haired girl clamped her mouth shut, shaking her head stubbornly.

"Figured as much." He scoffed, "Hahn, you and your squad stay here. Keep Anya secure while the rest of the battalion takes care of Zhao. I'll head down and find out what this superweapon is. We need to know what we're up against, in case the Fire Nation tries to use it against the Northern Water Tribe."

"What?" Hahn squawked in protest. "You can't just cut us out of the glory like that! I'm supposed to be leading this mission, too!"

Sokka narrowed his eyes. "Anya is just as important of a bargaining chip," he said, his voice steady. His thoughts flashed to the hostages being held in the arctic tundras, and to the promise he'd made to Princess Yue. "Maybe even more important. Someone has to stay behind and make sure she doesn't get hurt. Or free. And that's you."

"Oh?" Hahn thrust Anya into the arms of another soldier, who quickly clamped a hand over her mouth. "You're just going to keep me on the backbench twiddling my thumbs while you go play hero? This isn't even part of the mission! You and everyone else keep saying that I ran like a coward back in the army, but you're the one running off while I'm the only one who's focused on the mission!"

Sokka exhaled slowly, then pulled a small whalebone whistle from his belt pouch. He held it out to Hahn. "If I don't make it back in time… You blow that as loud as you can and lead the men through Phase Three. Capture Zhao without me."
It was the most surprised Sokka had ever seen Hahn, staring at the whistle, then back at him. "You're giving me the signal?"

"I'm trusting you to get it done if I'm not back." Sokka said, his tone and his stare completely serious. "We need both Anya and the admiral if we want to win. But I'm going to go make sure we don't lose to the superweapon. Make sense?"
"Yeah," Hahn nodded, gripping the whistle tightly, "Makes sense."

"I'll try to be back before you need to use it." Sokka turned toward the exit.

He was nearly out the door when Hahn's voice stopped him. "Hey, Sokka?"

Sokka glanced over his shoulder. "What?"

"Moon and Ocean Spirits be with you."

Sokka's expression softened for a moment. "And with you."

As the door clicked shut behind him, Sokka's mind raced through the next steps. Time was slipping away, and the mission had just grown more complicated. They couldn't afford any mistakes- not with the Water Tribe depending on them. Every second counted now. He had to find it.


He couldn't.

Sokka crouched low, his breath coming in shallow gasps as he wiped some sweat from his brow. Despite all the layers of Fire Nation armour he wore and all the sweat soaking his undershirt, the chill of the ship still seemed to gnaw at his bones. Shadows danced in the dim, red lighting that filled the hold, casting strange shapes over the boxes as the ship gently swayed with the waves. If the Fire Nation had hidden their superweapon anywhere, it would be here. So far? nothing. But there had to be something.

"Where are the mega trebuchets? The Mechanist's inventions?" Sokka muttered to himself. "Maybe they still have it disassembled? And stuffed in one of the crates?"

But as he looked around it seemed as if the ship's hold was stretched out before him, endless stacks of crates towering like a metal jungle. Checking each one wasn't going to be possible with the time they had. So, he had to pick the right crate ones… from out of all those.

"Please, please let me be lucky tonight!" Sokka whispered desperately as he rubbed the metal cheek of his lucky boomerang. He picked one random crate from the stack and forced it open, hoping to find superweapon parts. But instead, rows of smaller boxes greeted him, neatly stacked. Boxes of supplies it looked like, but no strange machinery. Yanking one out, he opened it. Empty. Just circular indentations and a whole lot more questions.

His head throbbed with frustration, and he slammed the crate shut. Then, a sharp, distant screech of metal echoed through the hull, followed by the shrill, unmistakable sound of a whalebone signal whistle.

Sokka's head snapped up, his heart hammering in his chest. "They're early," he muttered under his breath. There was only one reason why the signal would come before everyone was in position: The Fire Nation had found them.


The signal was given, but they were still trapped in the storeroom. Beneath Fire Nation helmets, the Water Tribe warriors exchanged tense glances.

"Anya! ANYA!" a woman's voice echoed down the corridor, "Mama's here! Anya!"

The team leader tightened his grip on the little pink haired child- muffling any possible screams she could make to who was apparently her mother searching for her. One of his Water Tribe warriors shifted, stepping on something small and hard. A single unshelled peanut that had rolled across the floor, and crunched someone's boot.

Everyone froze, holding their breath. Then they realised that the woman was no longer calling for her daughter.

"Sangok," the team leader whispered, his voice barely audible. "Check the door. Quietly."

The young waterbender nodded, edging forward as silently as possible. He cracked the door open, barely a hand's width to peek through the gap.

A slender, feminine fist shot through the opening, faster than anyone could react, grabbing Sangok by the collar and yanking him through the tiny gap. Squealing of crushed metal and the sickening crack of bones being broken simultaneously popped out. Sangok's entrails burst out to splatter at the rest of the team, barely having time to scream as his entire body was forced through a space as narrow as a teacup.

The screaming stopped, and a pair of glowing, blood-red eyes stared unblinkingly at them through the bloody crack in the door.

They'd been found.

Anya took advantage of their shock, wiggling her mouth free from his grip. "Mama! Help! Evil Waterbenders' got Anya!"

The entire bulkhead groaned as metal twisted under immense force. With a sharp screech, the door was ripped clean off its hinges and tossed aside like scrap.

The bloody-eyed shadow rushed in, and death followed after her.


Alarm horns blared, loud and piercing, rattling through the hull.

"Oh, we're deep in the brown snow now," Sokka muttered, yanking another box from the racks. "Whatever was in these crates, I need to know- and fast."

The hold felt different now- more alive. Like the ship itself had woken up, a giant sea monster stirring from its slumber. Every fiber in Sokka's being screamed at him to hurry. His eyes darted around, desperate for something, anything that would make sense of this mess. But no- only the same frustrating emptiness.

His mind flashed to Hahn, to the others. I should be fighting with them- getting to the bridge, Sokka thought, his heart aching to join the fray. But I need to figure this out first. It's more important than anything else right now.

The Fire Nation was closing in. Time was running out.

"I just need one piece of the puzzle. One clue dammit!" he hissed, scratching his scalp in frustration. "Why are these boxes empty?!"

Whatever had been inside was crucial enough to be moved- and recently too! The Fire Nation didn't leave empty crates on a flagship without a reason. So, what was in there?!

Sokka's steps quickened to run as he moved deeper into the hold, no longer cautious. His eyes darted from crate to crate, the walls pressing in as if the ship were trying to trap him. Another stack of crates loomed ahead, even larger than the last. He pried one open, his hands trembling from urgency.

More nothing. More empty containers. More circular indentations carved into the boxes.

A bead of sweat traced a line down the side of Sokka's face. "This just doesn't make sense." He hissed to himself. Then it struck him, sending his eyes flying wide, "Maybe… it wasn't something the mechanist made?"

Mind racing, he tried to piece together the clues.

"Think, Sokka." He clenched his fists. If the weapon wasn't a mechanical siege engine: if it wasn't the clanking and brilliant inventions like the Tundra Tanks, or the hot air balloon that the Mechanist made. Then what was it? Something had been here, something dangerous enough to warrant emptying out the crates in secret. He replayed everything he had seen and heard since boarding the ship. There had to be a clue…

Then, it hit him. What Anya had said: 'Everyone's going to use his superweapon.'

'Everyone' and 'his.'

Sokka's breath caught in his throat- the realisation slammed into him like a tidal wave. "I know what it is!" Sokka whispered, his heart hammering in his chest. "It's definitely not a machine. It's something anyone can use. Of course!"

There was no time to lose. He turned on his heel, sprinting toward the exit and for a possible way off this ship. He had to get back to Agna Qel'a- he had to warn the city. The superweapon wasn't what anyone thought. It wasn't one single thing… it was something far worse.

He could only hope that Hahn and the men had the admiral handled.


[Main deck]

Lined up and kneeling on the main deck of the battleship, Hahn shivered as the biting cold from the arctic winds rushed over the black metal deck. Torches flickered around them- lighting up the faces of the other captured Water Tribe warriors who knelt in silence. For some reason, the Fire Nation bastards had left them in their Fire Nation armour as if to mark them as failures.

"That's him! That's the suspicious Waterbender that grabbed Anya!" The little pink-haired brat jabbed a tiny finger at him.

Of course she'd single him out.

"So, you're the leader of this pathetic, failed attempt on my life." A voice, dripping in contempt, spoke over him.

Hahn looked up to see Grand Admiral Zhao himself standing over them. The older man's great sideburns and great red cape billowing in the wind as he stood beside the pink-haired brat. Hahn clenched his fists behind his back, feeling the rope bite into his wrists.

This wasn't how it was supposed to go. He was supposed to come back to Agna Qel'a a big damned hero. Just like how he was supposed to when he led the army. He had been so close to redeeming himself too, so close to being the greatest head chieftain in the history of the Northern Water Tribe. He'd always thought himself unlucky, but this was another level entirely. Destiny had it out for him. He just knew it. He opened his mouth to defend himself, but before he could say anything, Anya's voice rang out again.

"Launch him from the trebuchet!" she demanded, bouncing on her heels.

"L-launch!? You can't be serious!" Hahn protested, his wide eyes flicking between Zhao and the little girl.

Zhao raised an eyebrow. "Anya, that form of execution is reserved for traitors and mutineers."

"But… Uncle Jao, please~!" She pleaded up to him.

Zhao went quiet for a moment, considering. The silence stretched on for a while, nothing but the crackle of torches and the howl of the arctic winds as Hahn knelt before the guy that he was supposed to capture. Then finally, the grand admiral turned back to him with a self-satisfied smile. "On second thought, perhaps we can make an exception."

Hahn's stomach dropped, and his voice cracked, "What… what are you talking about?"

Zhao's smile widened, and his gloved hand patted Hahn's head like an arctic camel that just won the fair. "Congratulations, Water Tribe savage! By donning the esteemed armour of the Fire Nation, you have officially become a member of the Fire Nation Navy!"

The chuckles of the actual Fire Nation Navy soldiers who stood in the sidelines rippled out around them.

"What?" he stammered, mind reeling. "What do you mean?"

"And as a member of our esteemed Navy," Zhao continued smoothly, "I hereby charge you with trespassing, kidnapping, mutiny, and high treason. How do you plead, crewman?"

Hahn realised then that they just wanted to make fun of him before they killed him! He gritted his teeth and spat, "Suck on a sea urchin, you Fire Nation scum!"

Zhao barely acknowledged the insult. "Defence noted," he said, dispassionately. "By the authority invested in me by Fire Lord Ozai, I hereby sentence you to death by trebuchet, to be carried out by the aggrieved party."

"You're the best, Uncle Jao!" Anya squealed, running over to hug Zhao's armoured leg. She spun toward the real Fire Nation soldiers with a wide, bright grin, and dramatically extended her small arm out. "Load 'em onto the trebuchets!"

Hahn struggled as he and the other Water Tribe prisoners were dragged to their feet. Panic surged through him as they were manhandled toward the massive siege weapons. "Let me go! Let me- mmphh!"

A fistful of peanuts was punched into his mouth by her tiny fist. Hahn choked, struggling to spit them out, but a Fire Nation soldier shoved a sack of peanuts to his chest. "Here's your last peanuts. The moon looks really big tonight, so Anya thinks you've got a good chance of landing there! When you do, plant as many peanuts as you can, okay?" Anya patted his head, "Good luck, mean waterbender guy! Hope you get to the moon safe!"

"Mmmppphhh!" His eyes wide as he was hauled chained onto an oiled up munition.

"Anya says: hammer guy and torch guy get ready!"​

But as the tension on the siege weapon grew, as the gears clacked and metal groaned under pressure, all Hahn could do was stare up at the vast night sky, and a terrifying thought came to his mind.

The moon really did look big tonight.

"Anya says: Fire!"
​

[Agna Qel'a]

Long before the sun had risen, the trebuchets began their relentless assault. Massive fireballs lit the pre-dawn sky, their fiery trails screaming over the icy walls of Agna Qel'a. The remaining waterbenders sprang into action, already holding the waterbending form for raising [Ice Walls] in anticipation of that incoming fireball.

But it never reached the city.

With a deafening boom, it exploded midair, high above the city, raining smoking debris. One of the women, a wrinkled, frail figure in the crowd, spotted something from the debris that had fallen onto the courtyard grounds. She stumbled forward, her knees buckling beneath her as she scooped up a twisted, cracked betrothal necklace of blue jade. Her eyes widened in horror, her voice breaking with disbelief.
"H-Hahn?" she whispered, her voice barely audible. "My little Hahn?"

More fireballs launched from the Fire Nation ship, and again, more smoking fragments fell from the sky as they exploded mid-air.

Aang's fist clenched around his airbender staff. This was beyond war. Whoever was responsible for this… they were just as bad as the Fire Lord. Maybe even worse.

By then, the grim realisation spread like wildfire through the crowd. This wasn't just debris, these were the remains of the Last Chance Battalion- the once proud warriors returned to them from their ill-fated mission in bits and chunks, courtesy of the Fire Nation. Grieving mothers, sisters, and widows filled the early morning air with sorrowful wails, the sound echoing across the city as they mourned the ill-fated mission of the Last Chance Battalion. And if that weren't enough, something bounced off the icy ground near his feet.

Aang bent down, picking up the small, smouldering object. It was warm to the touch, still slightly on fire. He held it up to the moonlight, squinting. "Are these… peanuts?"

Apparently, they were. More fireballs exploded in the sky, more burnt remains- and more smoldering legumes that clattered off rooftops and streets and people, filling the city with a roasted peanuty smell.

Just one last insult to injury as the Fire Nation pelted the mourning families with flaming peanuts.


The numb dread of possibly losing Sokka was just filling Aang when a voice cut through the air.

"Aang. Aang!"

He perked up, his arrow-tattooed head turning sharply toward the sound, eyes widening. "Is that…" His heart leaped, and a wide smile stretched over his face as he spotted the figure in stolen Fire Nation armour, "Sokka! You made it back!"

But Sokka didn't look as happy. "Aang!" He called out in frantic, "it's-"

*clack*

A sharp, metallic sound echoed from the horizon, and Aang's smile faltered. Another clack followed. Then another. It spread, multiplying, reverberating through the still-dark sky. The noise rolled over them like the ominous beat of a war drum, growing louder, sending ripples of unease through the crowds.
"… What was that?" Aang called out, voice cutting through the rising clamour, "What's happening?"

Sokka skidded to a halt beside him, panting, breathless. "It's Red Bull!" he shouted, to Aang and to everyone in earshot. "Their superweapon- it's Red Bull!"

"Their what is what?" Confusion rippled through everyone in the vicinity, Aang included.

Before anyone could process the words, a brilliant glow ignited on the horizon. From a hundred Fire Nation ships, ten thousand soldiers erupted into the sky, fire blazing from their feet like wings. They ascended as one, a massive, fiery swarm that blotted out the stars, their war cries mixing with the crackling roar of flames.

Aang's heart clenched as he stared at the sight, a wave of helplessness washing over him.

But before anyone could react, from a hundred Fire Nation ships, ten thousand Fire Nation soldiers soared into the air on wings of fire.


All across the city of Agna Qel'a, the rallying cry came.

"For Agna Qel'a! For the Northern Water Tribe!"​

No longer would they watch helplessly as another salvo of naval bombardment ravaged their home. No, the time had finally come to fight the enemy face-to-face. As for who answered the call?

Ten thousand of their most seasoned militia warriors had already marched out in the Polar Wastes, and met their ends in glaives and talons of the 41st Division. Two hundred of their bravest had also sailed out to capture the Fire Nation admiral mere hours ago, and they were returned to them in burnt pieces scattered across the city amongst flaming peanuts.

Now, the last line of defence standing between the Fire Nation and all the souls of Agna Qel'a… were the people of Agna Qel'a themselves. The remnants of the royal guard, half-trained men, and boys barely old enough to fight. Dressed in unarmored blue parkas, they burst from their homes. No time for goodbyes. And with clubs, spears, and the last of their strength, they met the Fire Nation who descended upon them from on high. The furious orange glow of ten thousand fiery wings lit the city in a hellish orange glow.

The force of their clash thundered all across the frozen city. [Ice Walls] met [Fire Bombs], and [Icicle Sprays] with [Great Fireballs]. Roars and shouts rang out as pitched battle was waged. The waterways boiled, homes melted, and above them all, the stars choked on a hundred rising columns of smoke and ash.

The Coastal Walls, once the pride of Agna Qel'a, crumbled as Fire Nation cruisers- with their thousands of tons of tempered steel- rammed full speed into them. And on its ruins, boarding ramps slammed down, crushing the rubble into dust.
Another set of sharp, mechanical clacks echoed, then… armoured boots began sprinting forward.

From the metal bellies of the cruisers, tens of thousands more Fire Nation veterans emerged like an armoured red tide, charging spear-long into the city and against any Water Tribe that dared resist. They howled for blood as they fought, eyes wide with frenzy and their entire bodies pulsing with unnatural strength as the fearsome elixir surged in their veins. One soldier thrust his spear with such force that it pierced straight through an ice shield and its wielder. Another hurled a Water Tribe warrior into a frozen wall as if he were weightless, the crunch of bone lost in the roar of battle.

This was supposed to be the water Tribe's night. The moon, almost full, hung high in the sky, its pale, silvery light bolstering the strength and the waterbending of every Water Tribe warrior it touched. With renewed hope, they charged into the firestorm, believing that the Moon and Ocean Spirits would protect them.

But the spirits were silent as more Fire Nation poured out of the assault ships.

Tundra tanks rumbled onto the field, [Fire Streams] blasting out from their turrets to wash the Water Tribe capital of its people. Komodo-rhinos stomped last, with mini-trebuchets mounted on their backs, launched flaming death over the heads and into their weakening rear lines.

They were beset on all sides. The armoured boot of the Fire Nation stepped the Water Tribe's throat and ground down. Every clash drained their strength, every strike further thinned their ranks. Their defences, weakened by the day's relentless bombardment, cracked under the furious heat of this Fire Nation assault. The Water Tribe warriors fell back, and regrouped, launching desperate counterattacks in every direction. But their foes were unstoppable. Battering aside their feeble blows, searing away flesh, crushing bodies under the treads of their tanks, and roaring… with all the unholy strength that only Red Bull could grant. A horde of demons with wings.

No place and no one was spared. What had begun as a clash at the city's walls had erupted into total war, a conflagration that spilled into every crack and corner of Agna Qel'a. Over bridges and rooftops, in the craters of the earlier bombardment, and into every home until all of Agna Qel'a drowned in furious, unrelenting war.

…

An hour passed as the entire city boiled with war. A single hour of the Water Tribe raged against the dying of the light. Water Tribe men fought valiantly, and died as valiantly. Defenders dwindled and hope for any sort of victory was seared away. The night had not yet ended, and dawn was still far off. But with the moon as their witness, words echoed across Agna Qel'a- not as one, but in scattered, miserable shouts.

"I surrender!"​

And under a moonlit night, the bright red Fire Nation flag billowed over the broken city of Agna Qel'a.


- Doom, War and Peanuts End -
​

Chapter 32 - A Most Magnificent Sunrise

~In which… Behold, the Power of Red Bull! Plots and plans clash together. Things seem to go right, only for many other things to go catastrophically wrong. And altogether, the North Pole Campaign ends on an explosive note that would surely be remembered for decades to come, and not at all misremembered. ~

Coming Soon for Public Release!​

AN:

This chapter occurs during... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 20 - The Siege of the North II).

The title promised… Doom, War and Peanuts. So, I hope I delivered everything as expected.
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like LikeReport
Like Reactions:You, SamuelAtomizer, Stefan99 and 1,361 others
Infonticus
Jan 29, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 32 - A Most Magnificent Sunrise
View content
Infonticus
Infonticus
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedDec 22, 2020
Messages358
Likes received203,986
Mar 13, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,837
Chapter 32 - A Most Magnificent Sunrise


~In which… Behold, the Power of Red Bull! Plots and plans of clash together. Things seem to go right, only for many other things to go catastrophically wrong. And altogether, North Pole Campaign ends on an explosive note that would surely be remembered for decades to come, and not at all misremembered. ~​


[The Royal Palace Courtyard, Agna Qel'a]

"Perfect. Just… perfect."

Zhao's reverent tone of voice echoed across the ruined city's air, mingling with the acrid scent of smoke that still lingered.

He had come to the battlefield in full parade dress- Fire Nation red and black, the brass trim polished to a golden gleam, and a grand red cape fluttering behind him as he strode up the bloodied, scorched path to the courtyard. Behind him, the city lay broken under the moon and stars, scattered fires still raging in the wake of the siege they had barely survived. His eyes were shut and he was inhaling deeply- like a man savoring spring blossoms only he could smell and straining his ears to listen to a sublime piece of music only he could hear.

The 1st Squad and I let the Grand Admiral have his moment.

"How so, Zhao?" My voice rumbled low, gifting him the question he so clearly wanted to hear.

His smile stretched wide, the corners of his mouth nearly meeting his thick, voluminous sideburns, and he began telling his story. "It has all the elements of a thrilling epic, you see. A beleaguered division of brave Fire Nation soldiers… outnumbered and besieged by a horde of Water Tribe savages!"

His amber eyes swept over my battle-hardened 41st Division. Red plated armour scuffed and dented from our battle with the 10,000; but their armoured grip was still tight around their guandao glaives. Still strong despite fighting an entire nation by our lonesome.

And winning too, I might add.

"Then!" Zhao swept his grand red cape aside with a dramatic flourish. "The hero appears, leading an Armada greater than anything the Four Nations had ever laid eyes upon! The craven savages cower before such a grand display of naval might. And naturally, like the elephant-rats they are, they resort to assassination- aiming to end our brave hero's life in the eve before battle. And yet, even that is foiled, by their own bumbling incompetence no less!"

He threw his head back in a hearty guffaw. Behind me, Princess Yue simply kept her head bowed. The snowy-haired princess knew better than to protest, though I could sense her quiet grief for her home city that had refused to listen to her warnings.

Zhao just kept laughing triumphantly, too lost in his own triumph to pay mind to the princess' presence, much less her somber mood. He pressed on, his voice thick with theatrical zeal. "Fearlessly undeterred by the failed assassination attempt, the hero rallies his forces, leading them into battle in the name of the Fire Nation!" He swept a dramatic arm across the devastation surrounding us. "Battle, glorious battle, is waged as the valiant hero's troops unite! Their valor, discipline, and raw ferocity shine as they crush the savages once and for all! The ash settles, the smoke clears... and silence reigns. Then, a cry goes out! VICTORY!"

Zhao thrust his fist to the sky, and his amber eyes expectantly looked to us for a response. And we obliged, thrusting armoured fists up and echoing the call. The shout rippled through the streets, reverberating off the crumbling buildings, until it spread across the entire city, reaching every Fire Nation soldier, rallying them once more.

"VICTORY! VICTORY!"​

Before he could continue, a small voice pierced the air.

"Papa!"

I turned just in time to see a blur of pink hair as Anya sprinted toward me, a flapping red cape trailing behind her as she raced to me on her tiny legs. I dropped to one knee and swept her up in my arms, her laughter bubbling as she wrapped herself tightly around my neck. "Anya missed you sooo much!" she said, squeezing the metal tight.

The admiral paused, his gaze softening as it fell upon my adoptive maniac-daughter, still clinging to my neck, her small arms wrapped around me tightly. His smile widened fondly, "Ah, and even a heartwarming reunion between father and daughter. The perfect emotional touch to round out the tale. I couldn't have scripted a better story for my greatest victory if I tried! Surely, The Epic of Zhao the Magnificent will be remembered for ages to come!"

Another figure followed.

Yor stepped into view, moving with the quiet grace of a shadow. The gleam of her brass-plated stiletto daggers caught the faint moonlight, stark against the sleek black of her form-fitting dress. Her red eyes, soft yet sharp, flicked between me and Anya before finally settling on mine. A small smile touched her lips.

"I'm glad you're safe, dear." she murmured.

"Yor," I greeted her, still cradling Anya in one arm. "Glad to see you and Anya made it here safely too. It looks like Anya enjoyed the trip, I trust that she behaved herself?"

As much as a smiling war criminal could, at least.

"Anya was a good girl!" The little girl cheered, "Ate all my meat and caught lots of traitors!"

Ah, yes. Of course, she would have a sizable body count just from the trip here.

"Yes, she was a very capable little inquisitor." Zhao chuckled before nodding to Yor. "And of course, Miss Yor was also instrumental in exterminating the Water Tribe elephant-rats that had snuck aboard."

"They tried to take Anya." came the quiet whisper from Yor, her mask of a loving mother momentarily slipping off to reveal the coldly murderous master assassin.

"It was scary!" Anya nodded emphatically. But just as quickly, her face brightened. "But Mama poked holes in them! And Anya made the rest into shooting stars! We definitely got them to the moon!"

The admiral nodded easily. "Quite, the Fire Lord will be most pleased to hear how well his… adoptive granddaughter performed during the siege. And you, Commander- you played your part as well." His mouth quirked into a joking smirk, "Barely held it together before I arrived, didn't you?"

"You gave us quite the task, Grand Admiral, but we managed." I let out a low chuckle. "For a while, I thought you and the entire Armada had decided to take the scenic route."

Zhao barked a laugh, jabbing my arm lightly. "Ah, but that's what makes it dramatic, Khan! You know history loves a little suspense. Especially on the eve of a great victory." He straightened, still riding the battle high, amber eyes gleaming with satisfaction. Then his gaze flickered past me, settling on the brown-toned figure of Princess Yue. No longer a prisoner- at least, not in chains, more of a reluctant ally now. Her bright blue eyes cautious yet resigned. His tone shifted, taking on something more measured.

"So, you're the Princess of the Water Tribe?" he asked.

Yue dipped her head low, the long, snow white curtain of her hair brushing against her purple parka. "Y-yes, Grand Admiral," she stammered as she bowed low, just as I had instructed her to do.

Zhao nodded approvingly. "By order of the Fire Lord, you and your father will be visiting the Royal Palace to clarify the roles of your people. Once we depart, you are to accompany us to the Fire Islands for a full debriefing before the War Council."

"I… it would be the greatest honour to have an audience with the Fire Lord." She replied with a touch of hesitation. A personal summons with the Fire Lord was unexpected. Not ideal, but manageable.

"Oh, don't be concerned," Zhao said, his voice dripping with faux empathy. "It is clear that the commander has made your role in this conflict clear- just as he had done with his Kyoshi Warriors, and all those Earth noble girls. You will not be mistreated. In fact, you'll find yourself hosted at Khan's estate- the first foreign dignitary in decades. Rather than concerned, you should be grateful!"

Her eyes flickered toward the smoldering remains of her city, lingering there for just a moment. "Th-thank you for your kindness, Grand Admiral Zhao."

"Think nothing of it," Zhao said smoothly.

I lowered Anya to her feet and gave her a nod. "Anya, Yor. Kindly escort the princess back to the flagship. Make her comfortable for the trip to the Fire Islands while we secure the battlefield."

Yue glanced up at me, her big blue eyes searching for reassurance. I met her gaze with a brief nod. A personal visit to Fire Lord Ozai was unexpected, but for now, she'd be far safer aboard the Zhao's over-armoured flagship- away from the active war zone and any last-ditch resistance. Leaving her in the two battle-hungry maniacs' care was, oddly enough, the safest option. Also the cleanest. I'd rather not have Anya running loose in the city, looking for 'fun.'

"Papa has a waterbender friend?" Anya asked, tilting her head with wide-eyed curiosity as she studied the princess who was glancing at me with uncertainty. Then, as if arriving at a big realisation, she beamed. "Ah, Anya understands now! You're like Suki and Joon and mama! Then you're gonna love Grandpa Ozzy! He's the nicest and bestest Fire Lord in the whole Fire Nation!"

The little pink-haired girl tugged at the princess' parka-dress.

"Come on, Princess Y'way! Lemme show you the rooms, they're super nice!"

"I'd be honoured to, Miss Anya." Yue smiled hesitantly but allowed herself to be gently pulled along by Anya, who was already brimming with excitement.

Anya and Yor gave me one last smile as they walked off with the Princess in tow, accompanied by a sizable contingent of Fire Nation soldiers. And as they did, They passed just as a figure approached- a man whose presence carried a weight far beyond the battlefield.

General Iroh.

His red cloak billowed around his rotund frame, but rather than seeming weak, it only seemed to grant an air of aged wisdom about him, like some wandering hermit sage. His golden eyes locked onto me as soon as he caught sight of me. This was the first time we had met in person, but it seemed that I was already of interest to him. For good or ill.

Zhao smiled hospitably. "Commander, you know General Iroh, the Dragon of the West." He gestured to our local military celebrity with an easy smile. "He's been acting as my military advisor these past few weeks."

"An honour to finally meet the Dragon of the West." My skull helm atop my armoured form tilted in a polite nod.

Iroh returned me a polite smile, but his eyes were sharp despite the casual nature of his greeting. "The honour is all mine. Of course, who hasn't heard of the infamous Giant of the Fire Nation?" He paused, his gaze settling on the eye slits of my skull helm, then added with a measured tone, "And also the creator of that 'Red Bull tea' that's become quite popular with the men."

I nodded. "Technically, it's not a true tea, but it does seem to have a remarkable effect on their fighting ability. Wouldn't you agree, General?"

Reputation check failed!

-55/75 Reputation Required with {Iroh}

+ R +​

Yes, that certainly did not sound like approval for my drink. Likely a mix of the wanton destruction, the potential spread of such power, and the fact that I had dared to lump Red Bull into the same category as his beloved brews. Moreover, Iroh was a 'Grand Lotus' of the White Lotus, the same ancient order that enshrined philosophy, beauty, and truth as their core tenets. Whereas I was an unwavering adherent for action, function, and warfare- or in other words, actually getting things done. So, we were always going to be at odds, if not on an ideological level, then over...

"Prince Zuko," I asked, aiming for a casual tone, "did he participate in the assault?"

It wasn't the most pressing matter, but I was curious.

Zhao, however, was quick to answer with a frown. "No, I've forbidden him from setting foot in Agna Qel'a. Despite his word not to interfere, Zuko is... too willful and impulsive."

"A shame," I said thoughtfully. "I would have liked to meet him."

"Is there something you wish to discuss with my nephew, Commander Khan?" Iroh politely asked, but with just the slightest hint of suspicion. It would seem that my violent reputation precedes me once again.

"Only to make sure there are no hard feelings over my engagement to his sister."

Iroh's brow briefly furrowed, but after a pause, he gave a small smile, mollified. "In that case, I'd be delighted to introduce you to Zuko over a cup of tea, Commander."

"I look forward to it, General…" I nodded.

For being amenable to talking things over with his nephew…

{Iroh} Reputation: -55 -> -15​

It would seem he greatly valued diplomacy- and coddling his nephew. That could only work in my favor. Zuko was sitting at around -70 Reputation at the moment, and there wasn't much incentive to swing that into the positives. The exiled prince had little in the way of connections, resources or any practical reason for me beyond mere politeness. Worse still, with his hot-headed disposition, earning his goodwill would take a disproportionate amount of effort. But Iroh? He was calm, open-minded, and well-connected. As expected of White Lotus leadership.

Still, the matter of Zuko, Iroh, and general diplomacy could wait. First, we had to formally wrap up this arctic campaign.

I nodded to Zhao. "Grand Admiral, the situation developed too rapidly to dispatch a messenger hawk for this last report. My unit intercepted and neutralized the 10,000-strong Water Tribe army in the tundra 36 hours ago. We now hold the surrounding area."

Zhao's head snapped toward me, amber eyes widening in genuine surprise, much to my confusion. "Wait, an army of 10,000?" he echoed. "I haven't received any reports about such a force. In fact, I haven't received any reports from your 41st Division since your successful sneak attack."

"But… I've been sending you regular reports. I even received direct orders to engage and destroy them." Handing him the curtly written letter, I added, "It bears your seal, Zhao."

"Give me that." He snatched the paper from my armored hand, muttering as his eyes scanned the words. "I don't recall issuing this order… or writing this letter." His brow furrowed, confusion tightening his features before it gave way to angered realization. The paper crumpled in his fist as his expression darkened, the weight of his words settling over us. Someone had been intercepting and forging orders.

"It would seem there is a traitor in the fleet," Iroh said at last, his voice calm but weighted. "Deceptions like these never stay hidden forever."

"We'll deal with that in due time." Zhao promised, his voice regaining its edge before forcing his focus back to the present. "But for now, in terms of the Water Tribe capital, everything is accounted for... except for one thing."

General Iroh nodded gravely. "The Avatar."

"Yes…." Zhao fixed his sharp eyes on me. "Commander, do you have any recent intel on the airbender?"

I cast a quick glance back at the Lieutenant and the 1st Squad before answering, my voice low and steady. "We have no confirmation of the Avatar himself since our initial infiltration and engagement with him." I told the now frowning admiral, "Last confirmed sighting of the Avatar's assets was earlier this afternoon. His sky bison and one of his Water Tribe companions were spotted two leagues north, extracting his... girl. My 1st Squad and I pursued them all the way and inflicted minor injuries on his mount, noticeably slowing its movements, but they ultimately evaded capture."

"His bison's slowed, good." He said, his grand red cape billowing as he turned around to scan the smoking cityscape of white and blue ice. "You didn't conduct recon of the city after your first assault, Commander?"

"We did. Six days ago," My skull helm nodded. "I sent a scout team to infiltrate the city with the objective of acquiring intel on the Avatar's whereabouts. However, they were unable to obtain a positive ID on the Avatar or any actionable intelligence before they were forced to exfiltrate from your Armada's bombardment. Both his presence and his fighting ability cannot be conclusively confirmed nor denied. At most, I can provide a report of where in the city he wasn't."

"So, the airbender has already escaped?" Zhao hummed in disappointment, turning sharply, his grand red cape billowing as his gaze swept across the smoking cityscape of white and blue ice.

"We have no confirmation of that," I clarified. "His bison has been injured again, and we have no visual confirmation of it flying from Agna Qel'a. The possibility that the resistance built him a boat and slipped out under cover of night, is present. But based on the timeline, I believe the Avatar is likely to still be here in the city. Hiding like a snow rat."

"Not good enough."

But before Zhao could spiral further into frustration, General Iroh spoke up. "Your lieutenant is already leading the search, Grand Admiral. The men are conducting a house-to-house sweep as we speak. If he's here, we'll find him."

Zhao's gaze darkened, his jaw tightening as he mulled over Iroh's words. He exhaled sharply. "That damned airbender has slipped through my grasp too many times for me to be content with a simple sweep of the city," he muttered, then turned abruptly to a nearby officer. "Alert every ship in the Armada. If they spot that flying bison, they are to shoot it down immediately- with extreme prejudice. And while you're there, have my entire communications staff detained. I want to know who has been intercepting my correspondence."

The officer snapped a salute and bolted. General Iroh's golden eyes tracked his retreat through the city with the faintest flicker of concern, no doubt worried that Zuko was going to get caught in the mess as he has a tendency of doing.

Reputation check succeeded!

100/80 Reputation Required with {Zhao}

+ R +​

Zhao sighed, but we both knew the Avatar wasn't the priority anymore. He had a much bigger prize in mind. "Khan," he murmured, almost as if speaking to himself, "of all the soldiers I've served with, you're the only one I could ever call a friend. There is one final act that must be done- something to elevate my story from a legend to the legend, and I want you to bear witness to it. Come with me."

Without another word, the Grand Admiral strode past me, his great red cape billowing behind him. And we followed.

Killing the Moon Spirit. That's what he meant.

My lips pressed into a tight line beneath my skull helm as I glanced up at the moon, nearly full, its cold light stretching over the battlefield. Then, down to the city- its white-blue streets now marked with streaks of Fire Nation red. Beyond it, the armada loomed over the horizon, an unshakable shadow of conquest. If Zhao succeeded, the world would begin its slow, moonless death. And it was up to me to stop him.

No one knew it yet, but every life- every soul across this world- now hung in the balance.

I stole a glance at Zhao. His jaw was clenched beneath his thick grey sideburns, fists tight at his sides. His amber eyes burned with the conviction of a man who believed, without question, that he was on the precipice of fulfilling his destiny. Fully prepared- no, determined- to see it through, no matter the cost.

In other words, a complete maniac.

A complete maniac who also happened to consider me to be his closest friend, possibly the only person in this damned city he'd listen to. But it was possible that the power of friendship may not be enough. Zhao's ambition was too great, too volatile. One wrong word, and it would all unravel- the moon, then the world, then everything. So, if words were to fail, then…

Through the slits of my skull helm, I met eyes with the Lieutenant. Her amethyst eyes held my gaze for a heartbeat before giving an imperceptible nod, her grip tightening around her glaive. Her ostrich-horse let out a quiet trill- subtle, but enough. A signal for the rest of the squad to prepare for combat.

They were ready, but the risk was still so very great.


Around the Royal Palace and through the Moon Door, we marched- following the Grand Admiral purposeful, almost impatient, strides. Behind us, a few more soldiers fell into step, turning our small group into a quiet procession of Fire Nation red.

Snowy ground gave way to soft green grass as we entered the Spirit Oasis.

1st Squad kept their eyes forward, having already passed through this place multiple times. But Zhao's two dozen soldiers- newcomers to this sacred ground- were less composed. Their helmets tilted this way and that as they took in the impossible sight before them: green grass rustling beneath their boots, wildflowers blooming defiantly, a towering waterfall crashing into the pond below and the sheer surprise of feeling warm air in the middle of the arctic. The canyon walls of ice and rock loomed high around us, enclosing the sanctuary in a world of its own. Above, the rising path led away into the Polar Wastes, where the rest of the 41st Division and the barbarian clans were currently processing the fleeing citizens.

The Grand Admiral barely glanced at any of those, instead he strode right to the heart of the oasis: to where a still pond lay.

In the water, two koi circled- one black, one white.

Zhao stopped right at the water's edge, his amber eyes locked onto the swimming forms as he gave his backstory just like he did in canon Avatar: How he was a Lieutenant serving under General Shu when he came across an 'unnamed underground library,' how he found the mortal identities of the Moon and Ocean Spirits, and how...

"…I knew it was my destiny to find and kill the Moon Spirit."

"Zhao, the spirits are not to be trifled with!" General Iroh immediately protested, gold eyes wide with shock that anyone would even consider what Zhao was planning.

Good. Iroh was playing his role perfectly- the voice of opposition. I would take a different approach. If Zhao thought I was on his side, maybe he'd listen to me.

Of course, Zhao didn't listen, already reaching into his cloak to pull out… The Sack. A simple grey burlap sack, rough and unassuming. In hindsight, it just showed how utterly mad Zhao was. He had been planning to steal one-half of the very essence of Balance from the world… and stuff the damn thing in a sack. What was even more maddening was that I knew it would work. With a maniacal gleam in his eyes, he poised it over the Spirit Oasis where the two black and white koi fish- the mortal forms of the Moon and Ocean- continued their eternal circling dance. And before anyone could react, Zhao's fingers closed around the Moon Spirit, and he yanked it from the holy waters, stuffing it violently into the burlap sack.

Immediately, the moon above turned from a radiant silver into an unsettling shade of bright red, bathing the sky and the whole world in its unnatural crimson light.

My heart hammered in my chest.

Timing. It was everything. Too early and I'm pronounced a traitor- destroying everything I've worked for… along with an enduring threat of this happening again. Too late and… well, I forced myself to focus on the now.

Zhao held the wiggling burlap sack aloft like a trophy.

"Let it go, Zhao!" General Iroh shouted, dropping into an offensive Firebending stance- arms raised, feet apart, and a fierce expression on his wrinkled, bearded face.

Zhao casually levelled his unimpressed expression at him. "General Iroh, why am I not surprised to discover your treachery?" His voice dripped with disappointment. "I suppose it was you who intercepted my correspondence with the commander?"

Behind him, his entourage of soldiers moved in unison, shifting into their [Firebending Style: Modern Azulon] stances, bodies poised like drawn war bows- ready to be loosed. But the Dragon of the West did not so much as glance at them, his glare remained locked onto Zhao. "The Fire Nation needs the moon too, Zhao!" His voice rose, " We all depend on balance!"

Zhao's eyes narrowed, but he held his ground. His fist hovered, still poised to lance a firebolt through that wiggling Sack.

Iroh took a step forward, face scrunched with anger. "Whatever you do to that spirit, I'll unleash on you tenfold!" His teeth bared as his voice rose to a thunder, "LET. IT. GO!"

Zhao hesitated, rattled by the legendary general's threat, but kept his fist was still poised to burn the sack. A tightly wound length of silence followed, ready to snap. And in it, his eyes turned toward me, looking for something- approval, support, validation. And for the first time, I saw it. The part of him that doubted. The part that feared his only friend would stand with Iroh and condemn him. He was balancing on a blade's edge, caught between the growing mania of standing on the cusp of greatness and the desperate need for someone- anyone- to understand him.

So, I did neither.

"This is a trap, Zhao!" I blurted out, "A trick to make you throw away everything you've worked for. Don't let yourself get tricked into harming the spirit! Don't let them ruin you!"

His amber eyes widened with confusion, clearly not expecting that. I hadn't appealed to his patriotism, nor to his non-existent care for the world, nor had I threatened his life; instead, I gave him something far more terrifying- the fear of losing his legacy.

Reputation check succeeded!

100/75 Reputation Required with {Zhao}

+ R +​

"But how can it be a trap?!" His voice trembled with uncertainty, the first cracks in his confidence appearing. He raised that grey sack higher, "Look at me! I am a Legend! The Fire Nation will for generations tell stories about the Great Zhao who darkened the moon! They will call me Zhao the Conqueror! Zhao the Moonslayer! Zhao the Invincible!"

"And they will! They already are," I reassured him, "Here you stand, holding the Moon in your hand- in your mercy. You've won! You've already risen to a rank that few could only dream of, commanded the greatest fleet in history, and taken the Water Tribe capital so effortlessly that people would speak of you for centuries! You're not that lieutenant anymore, grasping at shadows. You're the Grand Admiral Zhao! A living legend whose story they'll tell for generations to come with awe and envy! You've reached the zenith, but now they're trying to goad you into taking one more step… right off your rightfully earned pedestal! Don't fall for it, Zhao!"

He stared at the Sack in his hand, visibly torn between his manic obsession and the fear of losing everything. "But… it's not enough! All my victories, all my battles- they won't matter unless I do this! The Moon Spirit… I have to kill it. I have to destroy the Water Tribe." He looked at me, despite his own words, afraid that I was right, and pleaded desperately, "Khan, this can't be a trick! I found this knowledge in the desert myself. This is my plan to seize my destiny! No one else's!"

I took tentative steps towards him, arms opened and palms up in a friendly gesture, as if I was to catch him should he fall. At this distance, I could definitely stop him if he tried, but I wasn't letting myself rest just yet.

"Yes, you already have seized your destiny. You have it in that sack right there, being tricked into destroying it yourself!"

I tied his legacy to the survival of the Moon Spirit, and now, he fell silent. His arm wavering, the Sack lowering and raising ever so slightly as he fought with himself. But still, he couldn't see how it was hubris.

"The tides, Zhao." I blurted out.

He blinked in confusion. "Tides?"

I clung to my argument, "Yes! The Moon controls the tides! You're the Grand Admiral, Zhao. What do you think will happen to the Fire Nation's fleets? To your legacy as the greatest admiral in Fire Nation history if you were to remove the tides?!"

Reputation check succeeded!

100/100 Reputation Required with {Zhao}

+ R +​

He froze, staring at me as the realisation struck him. The consequences of the road he had been about to take began to sink in. "The tides… the ships… my Armada…" His voice faltered, and his amber eyes widened. "The tides! Of course, I- What was I thinking? The Fire Nation… everything I've built…"

Hurriedly, with shaking hands, Zhao knelt down beside the Spirit Oasis, fumbling with the burlap sack. His breath came in shallow, panicked gasps, and for a moment I thought he might drop the sack entirely. With trembling fingers, he pulled the opening wide.

We all watched, breathless, as the Moon Spirit slipped free from the sack, swirling back into the pool with grace, its silvery form shimmering under the water. The red light in the sky faded, slowly, like a wound healing. The moon, pale and full once more, hung in the sky as if the horror had never happened.

Relief flooded through me, through Zhao- through all of us.. I steadied the man, subtly putting distance between him and the pond just in case.


[Quest - The Admiral's Moment of Triumph] Completed!​

Main Objective: Ensure the Fire Nation wins the Siege of the Northern Water Tribe… without dooming the world.

Sub-Objective #1: Secure a formal declaration of surrender from the Northern Water Tribe

Sub-Objective #2: Stop Zhao from killing the Moon Spirit

Secondary Objective: Convince Zhao to willingly give up on his goal of killing the Moon Spirit.

Rewards:

Large bonus exp​

[Moon Blessed] No, it's not a dummy-thicc Moon Goddess flashing you her ass. While under direct moonlight, gain increasing bonus stats, up to 20%. Bonus is reset if moonlight is obstructed

Secondary Rewards:

Large bonus exp

Large Reputation increase with the {Firelord Ozai}

Large Reputation increase with the {Fire Nation}

Legendary Item x 1

+ R +

(Legendary) [The Horadric Sack]​

A simple, worn grey burlap sack that still remembers when it held the Moon in its confines. The touch of the primordial still lingers in its threads. By placing various items or materials inside, the sack can break its contents down into its constituent essences, or meld their essences together into something new- sometimes even greater than the sum of its parts.

+ R +​


Sparing a glance at the sack now in my hand- the same one Zhao had used on the Moon Spirit- I securely stored it away in my [Inventory]. Depending on how versatile it was, this could either be the greatest item in my arsenal… or my most useless. There was going to be a lot of experimentation in the near future.

For now, I turned back to Zhao, resting a hand on his shoulder, and smiled under my helm. "You did it, Zhao."

He let out a slow breath, nodded. "That was… a close one, Khan." His voice was quiet, almost disbelieving. "I had forgotten about the tides."

"I'm glad you realized it in time," I told him honestly. "And by the way, in my opinion, 'Zhao the Magnificent' was your best one."

We shared a laugh- a moment's respite.

And then the canyon lit up in an unnatural, searing blue.

A high-pitched hiss cut through the air, followed by a streak of azure flames. Before I could react, they struck the white koi fish—the Moon Spirit. My heart dropped like a stone as a sickening hiss of steam rose from the pond. And from above, another manic voice echoed.

"The tides do not command me!"​

I snapped my head up. Azula stood on a rocky ledge above us, a vicious triumphant grin stretched across her sharp features. Her golden eyes burned with frenzied satisfaction, her manicured fingertips still smoking from the attack.

"Azula...?!" The name caught in my throat. She wasn't supposed to be here. She was supposed to be in the Imperial City. Imprisoned. Locked away. Not here. Not now.

"Niece, what have you done?!" Iroh's voice shook with disbelief, his golden eyes wide as her apparent betrayal hit him. But the shock quickly gave way to fury. He straightened, fists clenched, his entire body radiating righteous anger. He roared, his voice shaking the very air around us, "WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?!"

Azula's golden eyes gleamed with cold pride as she descended slowly from her perch."I've done what none of you had the strength to do," she said, her voice dripping with venom, more manic than Zhao could ever be. Her gaze flicked between us, full of scorn. "Too blind. Too cowardly to seize true power. Letting something as trivial as the tides command you- pathetic."

"My legacy!" Zhao shouted frantically, his eyes wide and desperate before he pointed to Azula. "Men, seize her! Clap her in irons and- ... Men?"

His voice faltered as his soldiers didn't move against the princess. Instead, they shifted, and in a heartbeat, they turned- fire igniting in their palms, their stances hard and poised to strike. At us.

"What are you doing?" Zhao's frantic gaze flickered between his soldiers and Azula. But these clearly weren't his men anymore. How long had they been in Azula's service? How long had they been waiting, biding their time, ready to betray him the moment she gave the command? But Zhao was still panicking- in denial even- as he shouted angrily at them. "I am your Grand Admiral! You serve me!"

"I don't believe they do, admiral." Azula's twisted smile widened.

"No, no, no!" I dropped to my knees, scooping up the mangled Moon Spirit in my armoured hands. Azure flames burned hotter than normal flame. The entire midsection of the koi fish was simply gone, its light fading. Ash blackening the pristine, holy waters where the Ocean Spirit darted around in panic. I could hear the faint sounds of the earth sighing beneath us, felt the tremor in the ground as if the world itself recoiled in horror at what had just been done. A suffocating silence followed- a silence that felt like the entire world loosed its last breath in terror.

... And above us, the moon simply winked out, like an eye closing forever.

"Hahaha! Forget the Avatar!" Azula's maddened, triumphant laughter rang out as the world plunged into an unnatural shadow, deep and colourless. "For in my father's name, I have conquered the Moon, the Water Tribe and Waterbending- for all eternity! The Avatar will NEVER master the four elements ever again!"

My throat tightened. The metaphorical tidal wave of what Azula had just done crashed over me.

The moon was gone. The world was dying.

But there was no time to grieve, no time to process the horror. I wasn't about to let it end here. Not like this. I shook myself from my stupor, adrenaline roaring through my veins, and through the oppressive darkness, my furious bellow cut the air.

"41st Division! WE HAVE TRAITORS!"​

Against Azula's squads, my 1st Squad stood, dark greatcoats sweeping through the colourless gloom. Sharpened glaives gleamed in their hands. The ground trembled as mighty talons of ostrich-horses stomped. Massive beaked maws yawned open as they loosed roaring honks, full of rage and full of hunger.

And so, under this moonless sky, on this dying world, Fire Nation set upon Fire Nation.


In a darkened cellar somewhere within the city, Aang's eyes opened, glowing like twin moons reborn, ancient and furious. And amidst Sokka's protests, Aang stepped out of their hiding place.

The city trembled.

For the spirit of the world- the hundreds of lifetimes bound within the Avatar- will not let this trespass go unanswered.


{Zhao} has joined your party!

+ R +​

"Zhao! Run, dammit!" My deep voice bellowed as we tore through the wrecked city, leaving behind the echoing roar of the battle. "My 1st Squad can handle them and the Kyoshi Warriors should be on their way as well! We need to get Yue- she's the only one who can revive the Moon!"

My armoured, seven foot-tall frame clutched the pot in my arms, the remnants of the Moon Spirit sloshing inside with some [Spirit Oasis Water] as we leaped over fallen ice walls and dashed through the remnants of destroyed houses. Snow mixed with ash, along with some scent of peanuts, whipped past us. The coastal walls where the ships were grew closer, but not fast enough.

"The Water Tribe princess? Her?!" Zhao shot back with a look of disbelief, his great red cape billowing behind him.

"Yes! And we need to move quickly, or we may lose the entire Armada to the Ocean Spirit!"

"But that Moon Spirit- it was killed like any normal fish!" Zhao scowled. "What could the other spirit possibly do?"

"Merge with the Avatar." I whipped my skull helm toward him, my breath steaming in the freezing air. Confusion flashed across Zhao's face, so I spelled out the threat. "Forget the damage a moonless world would cause. Imagine, instead, the full power of the Avatar- at the command of an ancient, vengeful spirit. Tidal waves tall enough to eclipse your flagship. Entire rivers raging through the streets, sweeping our soldiers out to sea. And worse- being damned to an eternity of torment in the Spirit World."

Zhao's face paled, then muttered, "Flame help us all…" But he shook his head clear as he found his Fire again, "We should be fortifying that Spirit Oasis- make the Avatar come to us! We can capture him before he can reach that damnable spirit!"

"One step, Zhao!" I snapped, snow crunching under my boots. "It'd take only one step into that pond before the Avatar makes it the epicentre of the largest casualty count in Fire Nation military history! And mobility has always been his greatest strength! Are those the odds you want to gamble everything on?"

"The princess then." Zhao's hesitation vanished, his amber eyes narrowing at the dark shape of our cruisers.

The sound of our hurried footsteps filled the icy streets as we neared the coast, where the ruined coastal wall of Agna Qel'a met the frozen sea. Beyond the fractured wall, the dark shapes of the Fire Nation cruisers loomed, boarding ramps still deployed onto the frozen rubble.

"There!" Zhao shouted as we approached, eyes locked on Princess Yue, collapsed on her knees in the snow. Her purple parka stood out against the red armour of her Fire Nation guard, her hands clutching her head as if trying to hold herself together. Her snow white hair falling over her face was no doubt contorted in pain. Her connection to the Moon Spirit was clear for all to see.

Even Anya, for all her bloodthirsty ways, was rubbing the Princess' back. The little girl's green eyes widened as she spotted us approaching. "Papa!" She waved at me, "Princess Yoo is having a really bad headache!"

We reached them, and Zhao strode forward, his eyes scanning the soldiers as he barked more orders. "Princess Azula is now a traitor to the Throne and is to be captured on sight! You may have mixed feelings about attacking a member of the Royal family, but anyone who hesitates will answer not just to me, but to the Fire Lord himself!"

Without missing a beat, I turned to Anya, her pink hair stark against the white snow. "Anya, get to the ship with your mother," I ordered, my voice firm. "We may need the trebuchets ready!"

Her eyes widened at the abruptness of my tone, but she straightened. "Anya understands, Khanmander Papa!" she saluted with her tiny hands, before rushing off into the chaos.

I refocused, my attention now solely on Yue.

"Yue!" My voice was sharp, cutting through the cold air as I knelt next to her.

Her wide, panicked blue eyes met mine, searching for some kind of explanation, some kind of hope. "I… I don't understand," she whispered, her voice trembling. "The Moon… what happened to the moon?"

Without a word, I showed the pot to her, lifting the lid to show the lifeless form of the Moon Spirit- the koi fish now charred and motionless… and stewing in ice cold super elixir. A last ditch attempt on my part. And despite having never been told that this was the mortal form of the Moon Spirit, Yue understood immediately.

Her breath caught in her throat as realisation dawned. Tears welled in her eyes. "No… it's dead," she whispered, her hands trembling as she touched the cold, scorched scales. "There's no hope now… It's over."

"No, you can revive it," I said urgently. "You're the only one who can do it, Yue. Your life force is tied to the moon. You can save it."

Tears welled in her eyes as she shook her head, clutching her chest tighter. "But I'm not… I'm not enough to restore it."

"You are," I insisted, gripping her shoulders, trying to get through her panic. "You have to be. The world needs you."

Her bright blue eyes looked at me, still unsure and still scared. But she didn't let that stop her, with a shaky nod, she pressed her palms over the lifeless koi, her lips moving in silent prayer. Zhao, myself and the rest of the soldiers all watched, silent and grim. The air itself seemed to still, waiting for the outcome. And for a brief moment, there was a flicker of hope as Yue's prayers rose.

Any moment now, it'll flop awake and the moon will be restored. Yes, any moment now….

An eternity of a minute passed by, then two. But there was no hum of power, no glow of life, no moon. Nothing.

"It's not working…" the snowy-haired princess of the Water Tribe gasped as she looked up at me with wide, desperate eyes. "I can't… No, I need the Spirit Oasis. I need to be there."

My skull helm glanced back to Yue, her hands trembling around the cold, lifeless koi. The weight of the world apparently rested in her fragile grip now. I tilted a nod at Zhao. "Let's get her there. It is our only chance."

Zhao didn't doubt it. "Troops!" Zhao barked, snapping the nearby squads of Fire Nation troops to attention. "Security detail around the Water Tribe Princess! We're escorting the Water Tribe Princess to the rear of the Royal Palace. She's the key to restoring the Moon, so protect her at all costs. If even a hair on her head is harmed, you'll answer to me!"

"Yes, Grand Admiral!"​

They formed ranks around us, forming a wall of red and black armour as if to keep the chaos of the city from reaching us.

"Have divisions 14th through 22nd sweep-" Zhao's order died in his throat as a sudden burst of light caught our attention from a different part of the city. The glare was blinding, powerful. Zhao knew precisely what that was, and he paled. "The Avatar… That light is too close to the Spirit Oasis. We're running out of time!"

Before the panic could set in, my voice boomed. "We don't stop!" I growled, picking up Princess Yue. "The Kyoshi Warriors should be closing in on him. If they can stall him- injure him- then we still have a chance to reach the Spirit Oasis first!"

Zhao's face tightened. "Troops, double time it to the Spirit Oasis, now!"

Boots stomped at the ice as we rushed for our objective, and in my arms, Yue clutched the lifeless koi tighter, her pink lips stretched into a worried line as she looked in the direction of the burst of light. And although no one saw it, underneath my skull helm, mine was the same.

It was all up to my Suki and her Kyoshi Warriors now. Everything rested on them.


For six days before the Armada arrived, Suki and her sisters had scoured Agna Qel'a, hunting the Avatar who seemed to have vanished into the city's labyrinthine streets like a groundhog retreating into its tunnels. Six days of tracking every rumor, every lead. And every time, his shadow was just out of sight. Then, they had failed- run out of time.

And now, this was the cost of their failure: A shattered, smoldering city. Thousands dead.

The distant clash of battle still echoed through the icy streets, the sounds of metal against metal slicing through the cold wind. Suki's breath puffed in the frigid air as she motioned for the Kyoshi Warriors to keep pace. Their green-and-black armored kimonos blending into the shadows of the ruined city. Somewhere in the distance, the Lieutenant and the 1st Squad were locked in battle- large silhouettes of ostrich-horses barely visible through the smoke and fire.

'Fire Nation traitors had launched an assault force and killed the Moon Spirit! But I think Khan has a plan!' The lieutenant had hurriedly relayed to them. But Suki wasn't thinking about that now. No, her mind was on one thing: The end of this war. A hope marked by the unnatural burst of light they had spotted in the distance- and were now closing in on.

The Avatar was near.

Her deep blue eyes met those of her five sisters, and no words were needed—not between Kyoshi Warriors. Her gloved fingers curled tighter around the grip of her katana, a silent command passed between them like a shared breath.

'Prepare to strike.'

In response, her sisters' grips tightened around their weapons, a wordless reply.

'Striking to kill.'

Peeking around the corners of ruined buildings, they saw him.

Aang. The airbender they had hunted for nearly a week- the reason for this suffering and destruction- was strolling down the snowy, ashen road. His orange and yellow robes fluttered in the unnatural wind swirling around him, stirred by the raw power of the Avatar State coursing through his body. The glow of his arrow tattoos shone a bright blue light against the moonless sky, casting long shadows across the broken city. With every step, the wind blew harder, sending spirals of snow and ash skittering across the ice as he moved to the Spirit Oasis…. And remained oblivious to their presence.

There was no room for second-guessing.

Avatar State or not, Aang had to die.

Without a word, the Kyoshi Warriors fanned out in a perfect arc, their steps light despite the ice beneath them. Their movements were sharp, disciplined- ten years of training forged into silent, deadly efficiency. As one, they closed in, surrounding him like tiger-sharks circling their prey. Suki's katana gleamed in the non-light of the moonless sky, raised and ready to strike. They were close- so close now- just a few more steps, and she could end it.

Aang immediately turned, sudden and sharp. Glowing eyes locked onto her, having immediately become aware of their presence.

But Suki didn't flinch.

If anything, she sped up, her footsteps tapping rapidly against the snow and her hand on her Kyoshi katana as she abandoned subtlety for pure blinding speed. Her blade sliced through the air, the razor edge set to slip precisely between his fourth and fifth ribs.

Aang didn't step back, didn't even blink, as his hand flicked up in an open palm. A surge of air burst outward to deflect the blade… as well as her. Howling winds powerful enough to send every fleck of snow flying away as well as knocking her clean off her feet.

But she was already adapting.

Twisting mid-flight, she redirected the force of his airbending and flowed with it like water, tumbling as she turned her momentum into a harmless somersault. Her katana flashed in the moonless night as she came at him from a different angle, aiming for his neck. Another blast of air, and this time, she was blown further back… just enough to buy her sisters the opening they needed.

Two of her sisters continued where she left off, twin blurs in green kimonos dashing in from the sides, their brass war fans, sharpened to a razor's edge, snapping open in unison. One swept low with her fan, aiming for his ankle, while the other struck high, aiming to disable his arm. Aang barely managed to bend a gust of wind to launch himself upward, avoiding the coordinated assault by mere inches. But even as he hovered in the air, another was already above him, having leapt from a crumbled building wall. Her katana came down in a swift arc, aimed directly at his exposed back.

Again, Aang twisted at the last moment, raising a wall of water from the snow at his feet. With crack, it solidified into ice around his back like a turtle-duck's shell... just in time to intercept the Kyoshi Katana that would have severed his spine. The icy shell turned into a [Icicle Spray]. Sharp, arm-sized spikes of ice sent darting in every direction.

Easily dodged, of course. With narrowed, painted eyes, they sidestepped the icicle projectiles as easily as someone would sidestep from bumping into someone. They weren't about to give up.

But neither was Aang.

His eyes blazed brighter in that Avatar State glow, and with a sweep of his arm, he sent a firebolt after firebolt toward them. Dodgeable but a surprise since Suki was sure that he hadn't even learned firebending yet. But that's when she also noticed something. Her eyes flew wide open, whispering in realisation, "The cadence to his attacks is off… He's still injured." Her voice rose to a shout, "His arm is still injured! Overwhelm his left side! Focus together, Sisters! As One!"

"As One!" they shouted, voices unified. Six Kyoshi Warriors charged forward, each strike and movement honed from years of training, Strikes and feints from every direction perfectly interwoven across the six of them. Their bladework, sharpened by the hundreds they had slain, fuelled by the forge of unending war that was their journey with Khan. They were not the same warriors who had left Kyoshi Island. No, they had become something far deadlier.

The Avatar staggered, his footing slipping for the briefest moment, and for a fleeting moment, his guard creaked open just the tiniest fraction.

Kyoshi Katana flashed in a clean, precise arc, and the soft pitter-patter of crimson dropping on the cold icy stone came. They had struck onto his left forearm, deep, and although they narrowly missed the artery, a cut was still a cut.

They had made an Avatar bleed.

And for a single triumphant breath, they thought they could it- actually kill the Avatar.

But then Aang's eyes blazed brighter, and the power of the Avatar State surged through him like an unstoppable storm. A shockwave of wind exploded from him, hurling Suki and her warriors backward, their coordinated assault scattered by Aang's raw power.

They hit the ground hard, but none stayed down for long. Even winded and bruised, they were back on their feet in seconds with gritted teeth and tightened grips on their weapons. Suki grunted from her new bruises, her vision blurred as she caught sight of her sisters, silhouettes in green kimonos scattered and struggling to stand. "Stay on him! Don't let up!" she shouted, rushing forward again with her Kyoshi Katana again.

They didn't need to win, they just needed to slow him down.

An arm or a leg, maybe even just a finger. Any one of those, and the Great War ends just that quicker. They could prevent another Agna Qel'a. They could save lives.

And as luck would have it, she caught him. Right as he was about to step into that pond. His attention seemingly monopolised by it, and nowhere near ready to block her strike. Heart pounding, Suki gripped her katana, ready to arc the razor-sharp blade right across his unprotected throat ready to strike… but then something changed. A flash. Like a mirage on a hot day, the silhouette of another person was overlaid across the glowing form of Aang. Tall, much taller than Aang and muscled, like a giant. Green and yellow robes cinched at the waist to give a vaguely feminine shape… and a painted face.

Avatar Kyoshi.

Suki's heart stopped for the briefest moments. Kyoshi's eyes, the very eyes they had worshipped, glared back at her. Judging her. Suki's will faltered. They had followed the Fire Nation's orders willingly, rationalising every betrayal and every act. And they would have continued doing just about anything. But this… this was Kyoshi.

For the first time, Suki hesitated, but followed through with her strike.

But that fraction of a second was all it took.

Kyoshi vanished, but Aang remained, along with the tidal surge of water he bent from the frozen ground, twisting it into a massive wave that not even Waterbending masters could muster. This time, there was no avoiding it. Because no Kyoshi Warrior- no matter how skilled- could leap over a wave five-stories-high.

'Hesitation is death,' Suki thought bitterly, too late.

The water crashed down on them with the force of an avalanche, sweeping the Kyoshi Warriors off their feet and away and away. And for a moment, they were both airborne and underwater- pushed over the edge of the upper ring and down the five-story drop in the middle ring and deep into the ice cold water. But no matter how much they swam, the surface- and air- seemed so far away.

Suki held onto her sisters as one by one, they lost air. Until she was left, holding onto her five sisters.

So far from the surface. So far from air…

And then, a welcome blackness.


Our entire group was forced to slow down, trying to keep our footing as the ground shook. A massive tidal wave formed from deep within the city crashed through the buildings.

"Khan, what was that?" Yue murmured quietly in my arms, protectively cradling the Moon Spirit in brown-toned hands.

"The Avatar's doing, no doubt," I replied, "He's likely being engaged by the Kyoshi Warriors or the 1st Squad. Hopefully both at once. They may not have the raw power to take on the Avatar State, but they would at least be able to-"

Companion Lost!

{Suki & the Kyoshi Warriors} has been lost. All companion-linked abilities and perks have been deactivated.

+ R +​


"No…" The word slipped out before I could stop it.

It was supposed to say 'Companion has left your party!' Not this. Not lost.

This wasn't possible. A hyper-lethal honor guard like the Kyoshi Warriors didn't just go down. They were trained for war, trained for impossible fights. And yet… It happened. The system didn't lie. The thought of losing them, likely- no, possibly- dead sent a surge of rage coursing through me. My fists clenched until my knuckles went white.

"NO!" The roar tore from my throat, raw and unrestrained. "Not the Kyoshi Warriors! Not my Suki!"

"Khan, what are you-?" Zhao's voice cut through the roar, but before he could finish, the ground beneath us shuddered again. Violently. The ice groaned, deep and ominous.

And then, every soul in Agna Qel'a- Water Tribe and Fire Nation alike- saw it.

Rising from the Spirit Oasis, towering over the ruins, was the Ocean Spirit. Its head was that of a koi fish, its body vaguely humanoid, draped in resplendent robes of shimmering water. Radiant blue light shone through the colorless world. And where a mortal's heart should have been, a dark silhouette- Avatar Aang. The living conduit for the Ocean Spirit's power in the physical realm.

Yue fell to her knees, pressing her forehead to the ground as she prayed to her god's incarnation. Meanwhile, the Fire Nation troops muttered, the Ocean Spirit's radiant blue light illuminating their expressions of awe and terror.

"Flame and ash…" Zhao's voice trembled.

As if it heard him, the Ocean Spirit kaiju's eyes, glowing like wells of light, swept over the icy ruins, seeking vengeance against the source of the world's moonless suffering… and settling right on us. It advanced, stepping over the towering pagoda of the Water Tribe Palace as if it was a child's toy. An entire lake's worth of water, coming to drown us personally.

"Khan… what do we do?" Zhao gripped my arm, "Khan!"

Do? His question barely registered. We were divided, overextended, and with no clear line of retreat. We had nothing in our current arsenal that could harm this monstrous water kaiju and no mount or vehicle that could outrun or outsail it. Great Chinggis Khan would curse this military disaster. The only thing we could do was scatter in every direction- sacrifice thousands of Fire Nation troops just to buy us precious moments. Maybe enough time for Yue and me to reach the Spirit Oasis, revive the Moon Spirit, and somehow placate this wrathful ocean god.

Seeing as I didn't respond, Zhao just sighed. "I suppose it's fitting…. What could kill a Legend, but another Legend? A creature of myth, the living incarnation of the ocean itself." He straightened his shoulders, and turned toward the mass of Fire Nation troops who had followed me this far, their eyes wide with uncertainty. Zhao belowed, "Prepare to fight. If we die, we die in glory!"

They had lost hope and accepted their fate. But not me. The 'Companion Lost!' notification was still in view. But I wasn't sad or heartbroken.

No, I was furious.

Through the eyeslits of my skull helm, my eyes locked on the one who was responsible for it: the Avatar who was inside that towering beast. And I wanted nothing more than to grow to its size and rip the Avatar from its watery core with my bare hands. But then, that rage crystallised into something clear and sharp. A rough plan with the Companion perks that I had and the ingredients that I've collected. Everything that I had in my disposal. It all clicked together, and the confirmation came soon after.

"No, it's not over." My deep voice rumbled. Without another word, I placed the pot, still half-filled with the elixir, onto the snow-covered ground with a heavy metallic thud. "Zhao, rally the troops. Buy me time."

For a moment, Zhao didn't respond. Amber eyes just looking down at me where I was hunched over the metal pot, sifting through ingredients in my [Inventory], discarding them and sifting through more. I was asking for his faith that this inscrutable alchemy would somehow give us a fighting chance.

His hand rested on my pauldron. "Time," Zhao repeated, nodding. "You'll have it, friend."

Apparently, that was enough for him. He straightened his shoulders and brushed aside his red cape and turned toward the mass of Fire Nation troops who had followed us this far. "Troops!" His voice bellowed. And immediately, they snapped to attention, fear in their eyes as if they had been waiting for that single command to anchor them. He pointed toward the approaching kaiju. "We are the Fire Nation! We've conquered continents, brought kings to their knees and laid waste to a thousand fortresses. This will be no different! Defensive formation around the commander! Give him the time he needs! For Fire Lord and Fire Nation!"

"For Fire Lord and Fire Nation!"​

Valour was admirable. And we were desperately going to need it too.

"For the Water Tribe!"​

War cries resounded across the city as the Water Tribe rallied. The tides of battle were turning, and the brave forty thousand Fire Nation was feeling the weight of an entire nation's numbers. Even if the Water Tribe was left without their Waterbending, they had gathered for one last, united counterattack. How could they refuse the call? Their very god had personally descended from the Heavens to lead them into battle. To fight. To kill.

Teeth gritted, Zhao whipped his head to the troops. "Water Tribe savages are back for more!" He bellowed, throwing his own firebending into the ruins, "Signal the Armada to fire everything they've got! Everything they've got on the Ocean Spirit! Someone have the 1st through 3rd Tundra Tank battalions secure our flanks! Relay to all divisions to take that second can of Red Bull! DO IT NOW!"

"YES SIR!"​

They scattered, red armour darting in every direction of the icy ruins to pass the orders down to their respective division. And in the distance, I could hear the metallic clack of cans being opened, the clinking of trebuchets being wound up, and the echoing roar of firebending being thrown all across the city.

Zhao turned back toward the monstrosity that marched toward us, the ground quaking as it swept and killed Fire Nation troops along its unstoppable march through the city. Koizilla was closer now, its glowing eyes fixed on us with all the cold fury of an ancient spirit wronged. "Khan!" He grunted, throwing firebolts into the distance. "I hope to the Flame that your madness works!"

I didn't answer, my focus entirely on the boiling concoction in front of me. The mixture began to glow a deep, molten orange, radiating an ominous energy. It was almost ready. Almost.

A bright flare rose from the Armada.

Then, without another thought, the grand admiral raised his arm high, expelling a gout of signal flame, and swung it down in a brutal arc.

"FIRE!"

The Armada responded almost immediately. A deafening roar filled the air as the first trebuchets launched their payloads. Fireballs streaking through the sky, bright orange trails lighting up the dark, colourless sky like meteors before crashing down toward Koizilla. Explosions erupted around the monster's feet, sending sprays of water high into the air. Fire and stone met water, the impact causing plumes of steam to rise like clouds above the city. The ground beneath us trembled, shaking loose fragments of ice and stone from the collapsing city around us.

The Koizilla barely slowed, but it was distracted as Fire Nation troops took the time to pelt it fireballs.

"For the Ocean Spirit! For the Water Tribe Tribe!"​

Meanwhile, the Water Tribe offensive grew closer, blue parkas streaming from the ruins like a swarm of rats. Water Tribe frothing from their mouth, wielding whatever weapon they could find, heedless to whatever casualties they suffered, and in doing so, drew ever closer to our lines.

"Water Tribe attack!" Zhao screamed, "Fight back to back, troops! Show them no mercy and fire at will! It's kill or be killed!"

But even when destiny itself seemed to have dictated for us to lose, the Fire Nation troops did not break, buying me every desperate second.

It was as if the North Pole itself was pressing on all sides of us. The incarnation of the Ocean itself, seeking its indiscriminate vengeance on us… The hundred thousand people rallying behind it, howling for our blood… and the moonless sky cloaking the world in colourless void save for the violence of our bending and the blood that was spilled. And in the centre of it all, my tall armoured frame knelt in front of this sad little pot, working feverishly. The ingredients churning, hissing, and bubbling.

And I just knew that if this brew failed… this was going to be Game Over.


[Extraction Point Ozai]

Explosions rocked the ice wall, sending chunks of ice tumbling into the dark abyss below.

Zuko almost followed them, slipping right off the ice steps, but a firm grip from Uncle Iroh pulled him back. With a relieved sigh, He gave a brief nod of thanks, then turned to watch the aftermath. The crumbling ice wall plunged into the inky waters, widening the crevasse-canyon and opening it out to the sea. Through the cloud of icy mist, a small, outdated Fire Nation cruiser appeared, gliding into the opening.

His small, outdated Fire Nation cruiser.

Azula apparently hadn't noticed that they had followed her here yet. Simply standing patiently on the icy docking point as she watched the boarding ramp slammed down with a metallic thud, its dark surface almost indistinguishable from the black waters below, hard to pick out in the colorless world of a moonless sky.

Lieutenant Jee jogged across it, his monkey-like face locking onto Azula. He gasped, "Princess Azula, the moon-!"

"-was all part of the plan," Azula waved off his concern, strolling past the Lieutenant and onto the ship. "Without it, the Water Tribe and waterbending as a whole have been permanently removed as threats. Try to keep up, Lieutenant."

Lieutenant Jee hesitated, clearly still trying to process the new information. "Then… what about Prince Zuko and General Iroh?"

"They've already decided to stay with Grand Admiral Zhao," Azula replied, not bothering to look back. "If they change their minds, I'm sure they'll send a messenger hawk. But if we're done with idle chatter, get this ship in reverse. I need to be in the Fire Islands yesterday."

"Yes, my princess!" Jee saluted sharply, but before he could turn to leave-

"I don't think we are," Zuko stepped up to them, his uncle following closely behind.

"Prince Zuko!" Jee gasped.

Azula paused mid-stride, and with an almost exaggerated slowness, she turned around to face the source of the voice. A sly smile curling on her lips.

"Zuzu," she said, her tone laced with mock surprise. "What a surprise to find you here. Though I shouldn't be shocked. You do have a habit of showing up where you don't belong. Here of all place, it's so fitting they named this place after our father. 'Extraction Point Ozai'… rolls right off the tongue, don't you think? At least my soon-to-be-former betrothed had a knack for names."

Zuko clenched his fists, flames flickering from gaps between his clenched fingers. "Enough playing coy, Azula!" His voice was tense, his anger barely held in check. "Was this your plan all along? Send me on a wild goose chase for the Avatar while you destroy the moon itself! Then steal my ship and sail back to father?!"

"Oh, I can't take all the credit," Azula said, inspecting her nails with disinterest. "I simply saw an opportunity and took it. My original plan was going to steal the Avatar and your ship right from under your nose. But Grand Admiral Zhao's plan was simply too irresistible to pass up. The Avatar can never master all four elements if there are only three left now, could he? But as brilliant and 'magnificent' as the grand admiral believes himself to be, he was never bold enough to see it through. But I was. I had such conviction."

She extended her arms wide as if gesturing to the colourless world around them. And her grin widened.

"I'm sure people will soon get used to colourless nights. I think it's even prettier this way. It has a stark… purity to it."

His fat uncle stepped forward. His voice, normally calm, now shouted with anger. "The Moon is gone, Princess Azula!" It was the angriest Zuko had ever seen him. Wrinkled face more pronounced in the shadows of the moonless world, "Do you have any idea what fate you have just put on the world?"

Azula rolled her golden eyes. "A fate of being free from Waterbenders, Uncle," she drawled. "The world doesn't need them. Never did."

Zuko stepped forward, his flames flaring brighter in his fists, but Iroh's arm shot out, holding him back. His uncle apparently wasn't finished shouting at her just yet. "Azula, you've doomed the world to imbalance. Do you really think your father will praise you for this?"

"You think Father would spare a thought for Balance?!" She scoffed incredulously, slender eyebrow raised. "You never did understand Father's vision, did you, uncle? With the Water Tribe gone, the Fire Nation will rule. That is his balance. Now if only we could find the spirit responsible for Earthbending."

"You won't get that far." Zuko's firebending stance tightened, his flames flaring, but Azula barely glanced at him, unimpressed.

"I don't even know why we're fighting, Zuko," his sister continued, her voice almost conversational, as if she were discussing the weather. She stepped forward, her footsteps clinking softly on the metal deck as she paced. "You helped me get this far. Don't you want to end your exile?"

"W-what are you talking about?" Zuko stammered, his brow furrowed, thrown off balance by her sudden shift in tone.

"The Avatar is no longer a threat to the Fire Nation," Azula explained, twirling a strand of her black hair around her finger. "We've taken away his waterbending. And while it's not quite as satisfying as capturing him, we've wiped out the rest of the Waterbenders in the process. So, don't you see?" She stopped pacing and turned to face him fully, "We've secured our place in Father's favour! His children, his rightful heirs. All we have to do is go back home and tell him what we've done. What do you say, brother?"

She extended a hand to him, open and upturned.

Zuko hesitated. For a moment, the temptation was there- the promise of his father's approval, the end of his exile. It was all he'd ever wanted, wasn't it? But then, as he looked up at the moonless sky, a deep sense of unease settled over him. The world felt wrong, broken in a way that not even a reinstated Prince of the Fire Nation could fix.

His uncle's words echoed in his mind- how the world itself was dying in the absence of the Moon Spirit. Even now, Zuko could feel Iroh's eyes on him, watching silently, waiting for him to make his choice. Take Azula's deal and revel in this world that 'they' had supposedly created for their father? It was tempting, but… Zuko knew- deep down- that no approval from his father could ever make this right. And although it didn't come easily, he came to an answer.

"No, Azula," he said firmly. "There isn't any honour in this. I know that this isn't my destiny."

But instead of being angry or upset, Azula's smile widened, bemused. "Pity. Then I suppose…" Fire bloomed to life in her slender hands, bright and blue. Azure flames- the very same flames that had stolen the moon from the sky. "… your crew will have to mourn their prince on our way back!"

Without hesitation, Zuko fell into his Modern Azulon Stance, his own orange flames roaring to life. And beside him, his uncle joined his face off with his sister.

His sister thrust her hand forward, and azure flames rippling through the air to meet that of his and his uncle's. Their fire collided in a flash of heat and light, the blue and orange flames annihilating each other in a powerful shockwave that almost brought all of them off their feet.

Zuko steadied himself, his breath ragged from the shockwave, but the rush clearing his mind now.

Yes, he could still take responsibility for the future- for his family's honour, for the balance they had shattered. He wouldn't let Azula destroy what was left. So, he resolved to fight, with every fibre of his being, against not just his sister… but also that small and stupid voice deep inside, whispering to him- taunting him- that no matter what he did next, the damage was already done.

The moon was gone, and nothing- no one- could bring it back.


[Agna Qel'a - Lower Ring]

"Khan, how much longer?!" Zhao's voice cut through the chaos, sharp with desperation.

War was the only light to pierce the colourless void of this moonless night. The unholy blue glow of Koizilla flickered against the ruins of the ice city as the massive water beast ebbed closer, its watery limbs sweeping away our soldiers like insects. Firebending flared in desperate bursts of orange. And the bodies of the Water Tribe stacked up in grotesque heaps around our fighting position, intermixed with the valiant dead of the Fire Nation. Amidst it all, Princess Yue's trembling voice whispered prayers of mercy and forgiveness, the lifeless Moon Spirit still cradled in her brown-toned hands.

Then… the elixir was ready. A molten amber liquid, glittering and swirling with a deep red hue that seemed to pulse like a heartbeat.

"I have it!" my deep voice reverberated in my skull helm as I hurriedly sealing it in a can.

"What do you have exactly, Commander?!" Zhao shouted, his eyes never leaving the battle as he hurled a fireball into the fray.

"It's called [Red Bull: Sun Red Edition]. For eight minutes, it grants the power of 800 firebending masters!" I yelled, my own shock settling in as I realized what I had just created. "But… it has side-effects."

Zhao did a double take, the man's jaw slack as he looked at the can in my hands. Even the Fire Nation soldiers who overhead the words couldn't help but stare at the elixir in my hands. "The firebending of eight hundred men?!" He murmured, taking a step towards me, "That- Khan, it'd be like drinking in the power of ten Sozin's Comet! Maybe even a hundred! That's enough to drown an Earth Kingdom fortress with fire! To overpower the Ocean Spirit itself! Whatever the side effects, Khan, they're immaterial to-"

A deafening roar drowned out the rest of his statement. The Fire Nation troops had apparently faltered in their distraction, and the Ocean Spirit took advantage of it, a blade of water the size of surging towards us like an unstoppable tidal wave.

"Move!" I screamed, scooping up Princess Yue as the wave tore through the road, creating a canyon that split the entire city in two, and separating me from Zhao.

Water exploded around us, freezing cold and blinding. I hit the ground hard, clutching Yue in my arms as we tumbled through the icy ruins, rubble crashing down against my back. "Yue, are you all right?" I gasped, shaking her gently. The snowy-haired princess nodded weakly, her grip still tight on the dead Moon Spirit. I glanced around. "Zhao!"

I found Zhao's grand red cape stuck in the ruins, but the Grand Admiral was nowhere to be found in the rubble. I glanced back, and through the devastation, I saw Zhao, still standing. The can in his hands- our last ditch effort- saved from the Ocean Spirit's attack. His fingers immediately went for the tab.

"Zhao! Don't!" I shouted, pushing the ice rubble off me. "The side effect of that Red Bull is that it'll kill you after those eight minutes!"

(Legendary) [Red Bull: Sun Red Edition]​

A molten amber hue with swirls of red like embers.

From the dead flesh of the primordial spirit of the moon, the taste of vanilla rain from forgotten dreams. From the heart of a spirit beast glut from its feast of humans, the smokey aftertaste of the human soul. From the eight leaves of flora that could only grow in ancient places where mortals were never meant to tread, the cool mint of strange spirits. And from a beverage that was alien to this realm of existence, a sweetness out of time.

Upon consumption, the imbiber undergoes a soul-deep transformation. The human soul, made fuel for this final act of blazing magnificence, granting the drinker all the fire in the world. And more. The smallest spark becomes a raging wildfire, and every breath is a bellows feeding the flames of god-like destruction. And for a few glorious minutes, the drinkers' fire burns brighter than a thousand suns, as if the world itself had turned into dry tinder.

Only those who know this elixir's effects beforehand can truly appreciate what it does. The roar of a supervolcano. The fury of a dying star. The final glorious blaze of glory for one who would choose to burn out rather than fade away.

+ R +

Made by: Khan (Herbalism Level 27)

Ingredients: Red Bull, Burnt Moon Spirit Entrails, 41st Division Ostrich-horse Heart, Eight-Fold Clover

Effects:

(+80,000%) Fortify Firebending for (8) minutes

(+80,000%) Stamina Regeneration for (8) minutes

Guaranteed death after (8) minutes

+ R +​

Zhao stopped, amber eyes meeting mine. Then he looked down to the can in his hand and laughed. Loud enough to ring across the divide.

"Yes! Of course it does!" He continued to laugh, "Don't you see, Khan? This is it! This is my destiny! Everything I've done, everything I've sacrificed- it's led to this moment. The Grand Admiral Zhao was never meant to conquer the moon." He said, glancing to the Princess Yue who continued to pray with the lifeless Moon Spirit in her hands. "No, I was meant to conquer the ocean. I was born to drink this Red Bull!"

I couldn't stop him; we had no more time. "Eight minutes, Zhao!" I roared instead. "Eight minutes, and then it's over!"

"And eight minutes is all I need!" Zhao turned, his face alight with blazing determination. Then he smiled at me. "Hold on to my cape for me, Khan!"

With a metallic clack, he cracked open the can and drank deeply. It clattered to the snowy ground. For a moment, there was nothing. Silence. The world seemed to hold its breath.

And then, fire.

"I"​

Fire streamed from him.

From his hands, from his mouth, from his eyes, through his veins that glowed through his skin as if they were filled like molten lava. Then his body ignited fully, transforming mortal his form before our very eyes as Zhao glowed with the fury of a hundred suns. He threw his arms wide, flames swirling around him as he roared, a terrifying, triumphant sound that echoed across the battlefield, his entire form radiating with the power of 800 firebenders that surged through his body.

A massive building-sized ball of fire.

The Ocean Spirit reared back, sensing the sudden surge of power. Waves of heat radiated outward as that great ball of fire rose up into the air over the city.

"AM"​

An ancient Fire Lord once posed a question to the wisest of the Fire sages. What burned brighter? A thousand lit candles, or a single candle burning with the flame of a thousand?

We now had our answer.

"ZHAO"​

The colossal form of a flaming man emerged from the fireball, like a demigod of fire forming from a star.

Zhao came out swinging. [Titanic Firebolts], each as large an entire komodo-rhino, shot out from his gigantic flaming fists in a rapid staccato. The monstrous Koizilla reared back, its watery limbs lashing out like tidal waves, but Zhao met each strike with raw, searing power. His flaming fists effortlessly blocking the swipes that had wiped out entire squads of {Veteran Firebenders}. Entire cubic metres of water vaporised at the contact with each blow, Koizilla seemed to wince in pain, But kept coming, relentless, its fury as depthless as the Ocean itself.

So, I gave Zhao more power.

[Unofficial Delegation] Activation!

Companion: {Zhao}

Perk/Skill Activated: [Defensive Massacre]

Cooldown: 20 Days, 23 hours, 59 minutes

+ R +​

[Unofficial Delegation] - Strategic flexibility often comes from entrusting the right tasks to the right personnel. Unofficial Delegation allows you to temporarily grant the effects of a Companion Skill, Stat Perk or Proficiency Skill to a chosen companion. The more powerful the shared skill is, the shorter the duration and the longer the cooldown period between sharing becomes- reaching days or even weeks. But in those brief few minutes, your companion becomes an extension of your will: A herald, an enforcer, a diplomat, a saboteur, an executioner. Whatever you need them to be. Unofficially, of course.

+ R +​

[Defensive Massacre] - Whenever a nearby injured ally is threatened- be it a lone allied soldier against an enemy squad or a squad's heroic last stand against a boss enemy- you will always have a way to make them safe… by killing everything in the immediate vicinity around them. Against enemies threatening your ally, you gain bonus Strength, Dexterity and Spirit stats that scale with the threat. Multiple threatened allies do not stack their effects, but the highest available stat bonus is always applied.

+ R +​

Against the Ocean Spirit itself… defending against the injured and the dying all across the city… Zhao's power increased geometrically. The power of 800 firebenders became a thousand, maybe even two. His Fire rose, blazing higher and wider. The snow began to steam and melt. And for the first time since its existence, the air of the North Pole became hot.

Zhao raised his flaming arm high and a [Titanic Flame Whip] extended through the night sky. Like a massive flying, fire snake of myth reaching up to eat the stars. Then it struck, lashing across the Ocean Spirit's head and splitting in half. Its watery mass swirled and reformed, only for the whip to snap again and again.

But the Ocean Spirit was ancient, vast, and unyielding. And soon began to fight back in earnest, swiping back with [Titanic Great Waves]. For a moment, it seemed as though Zhao could hold his own- his giant, flaming form unleashing a fury of firebending. And every soul in Agna Qel'a- All the Fire Nation, and all the Water Tribe- could only watch the two titans clash. Colossal blow for colossal blow. The shockwave of their clashes was enough to send snow and dust rushing through the ruined city streets. And entire buildings were melted or crushed under their immense mass.

But the tides began to turn.

Koizilla lashed out with a colossal wave, knocking Zhao off balance. His fiery form flickered, dimming as the ocean pressed in on him. Even with [Defensive Massacre] raging within him, Zhao was faltering. The sheer scale of the Ocean Spirit was too much. The power that Red Bull ignited in him- it wasn't enough. The strength of 800 Firebender souls was not enough to fight the ocean itself.

"Zhao's losing…" My heart raced as Zhao staggered back, the flames around his body shrinking, barely able to keep his massive form upright. Koizilla roared, towering over him, preparing to strike the final blow.

Then it hit me. His Firebending alone, magnified as it was beyond mortal limits, wasn't be enough- he need more fire. And I had none more to give him… But I wasn't the only source of fire.

I shot to my feet. "FIRE NATION!" My voice rang out, cutting through the chaos. "Raise your hands up, send him your fire now!"

Some of the soldiers turned to me, confused, hesitant. But there wasn't time for doubt.

"Everyone! Raise your hands!" I shouted, thrusting my hands forward, unleashing everything I had. My flames shot through the air, a bright, searing stream that raced toward Zhao's towering form. "Give your Fire to Zhao! As one! AS ONE!"

"Take our Fire, Admiral!"

"For the Fire Nation!"

"Take it all!"​

One by one, the soldiers caught on. Flames erupted across the battlefield, streams of fire from every corner converging on Zhao's flickering form. The heat surged, intensified by every source- the Fire Nation troops on the ground, from the tundra tanks, and the komodo-rhino riders. Flames, once scattered and weak, now united into a searing force. The 41st Division appeared atop their ostrich-horses at the cliff edge surrounding the city, their fire streaming downward to Zhao, even the Armada's trebuchet hurling incendiary ordnance. The flaming projectiles hovered, caught in the air like fireflies drawn toward Zhao.

Still high from our own Red Bull, we poured everything into him. In our hundreds. In our thousands. Against the very Ocean itself, mankind roared back our challenge. We will not bow. Even if it takes the last drop of our blood, we will not surrender.

"TAKE OUR FIRE!" I screamed, my throat raw, pouring every last ounce of firebending I had into him.

"I AM…"​

Around me, soldiers groaned in exhaustion, some collapsing to the ground, their flames sputtering out, but still, they gave more. Even the flaming trebuchet ordnance, launched in desperation, hung in midair as if the fire itself defied gravity, drawn to Zhao's growing form. They spun in a slow, impossible arc before being consumed by the blaze, fuelling the firestorm raging across his skin. The snow beneath our feet melting into pools. The freezing arctic air turned as parched and hot as the desert.

"ZHAO THE CONQUEROR!"​

Even those furthest from Zhao shielded their eyes as waves of heat rolled over the battlefield.

Koizilla surged forward at unholy speeds, almost desperate, its watery limbs stretching out like tidal waves, intent on smothering the inferno before it could grow further.

"ZHAO THE INVINCIBLE!"​

Zhao roared, meeting Koizilla's attack head-on, a fiery fist the size of a house hurtling like a meteor. And the impact was cataclysmic- shockwave rippled through the city, toppling buildings, shattering ice, rupturing eardrums and burying soldiers and civilians under the rubble.

The Koizilla's entire upper torso, from the arms up was gone. But unfortunately, its core was still intact- the Avatar still alive. Water immediately began reforming as it had before. But this time, it was Zhao who was readying the final blow. As the fire surged, Zhao's towering form stood defiant. His massive flaming hands raised up to the starry sky, and on it, a flaming ball swirled into being- a star blazing right over the city.

"ZHAO…"​

Through the chaos, Zhao's eyes, glowing like the molten cores of volcanoes, found mine. For a fleeting moment, time seemed to freeze. His gaze held no words, just the silent, grateful acknowledgement that this victory could not have been achieved without me. A wordless farewell.

Then… he turned back to face the Ocean Spirit, and met his destiny.

"ZHAO THE MAGNIFICENT!"​

With a final, earth-shaking roar, he thrust both hands down, that massive flaming ball made of the combined fiery might of every firebender in the city in one devastating [Titanic Fire Blast], straight at the Ocean Spirit's watery fish face. And the world stood still, but only for a hearbeat.

Everything turned white as though the sun itself had descended on Agna Qel'a.


(A few minutes later) [Extraction Point Ozai]

Zuko's breath came in ragged gasps, the cold air burning his lungs as he watched the world around him shift. For a moment, the chaos of battle seemed to freeze in place, the water around them eerily still, as if the entire North Pole had paused to mourn the loss of the moon.

But then, a light. Soft, white, and steady. And the colourless existence seemed to lift from the world, almost as if…

The pitched battle on his ship paused as everyone looked up to the sky.

The moon was back.

Azula, standing not far from him with her azure flame still in her palms, stared. Her golden eyes widening with disbelief.

"No… NO!" Azula's scream echoed in the crevasse. Her blue flames flaring as she hurled her abuse at the sky. "You were supposed to be gone! I ended you!"

Zuko took a step back. He had seen Azula angry before- mostly mocking, often cruel, and always condescending- but this? This was different. Unhinged, manic, insane. A raw, ugly emotion that twisted her features into something almost unrecognisable. She was losing control, or if the rumours were true, she had already lost it long ago..

"I'll fix it!" Azula laughed, her voice breaking as sparks of electricity began to crackle around her fingers. "I'll just have to go back to the Spirit Oasis and kill you again! But first!"

Her gold eyes settled on him as the scent of ozone filled the air. A sort of static that made the hairs on his arms stand on end. Zuko watched as balls of bright lightning sparked on her fingertips. And with a furious scream, she hurled the lightning toward him, right at his chest. But before the bolt could reach his chest, something moved.

Uncle Iroh.

In one swift, graceful motion, his uncle's bulk stepped forward, faster than it looked it could, and… redirected the lightning. His body crackled with the energy as he sent it veering off course. Zuko could feel the raw power pass through the air, buzzing past him as it struck a nearby ice cliff with a shuddering rumble.

"How did you..."

Then, the world came crashing down.

The ice above them shattered, tonnes of white snow forming an avalanche that tumbled down on them with the roar. Everyone dropped the combat to run for their lives- trying to outrun the falling avalanche off the deck and back onto the crevasse base. Zuko, his uncle and his crew managed to do so, but his heart pounded in his chest as he watched the snow settle over Azula- burying her from the waist down. knocking her out…. The battle was finally done.

Zuko hesitated, the words on the tip of his tongue. "We need to leave. Now."

But his eyes darted to Uncle Iroh, who knelt beside the snow-covered form of Azula, his hand brushing gently against her cheek. He stared at her face for a long moment, his expression a strange mix of sorrow and resolution. Then, in one smooth motion, he hoisted her unconscious form onto his back.

"What are you doing?" Zuko asked, his voice barely concealing the disbelief. "We should leave her. She… she won't stop. You heard her! What she did and what she planned to do with us!"

Iroh looked at his nephew, his voice calm but firm. "She is still family, nephew."

"But-"

"Your father does not want her anymore."

And for the briefest of moments in his eyes, he saw Azula replaced... by a young version of himself, clutching his freshly burnt eye as his uncle carried him away. "... Dammit, Uncle, that's unfair," He finally said. His fists clenched at his sides, and the flames that had once flickered in his hands now gone. "Fine, throw her in the brig and chain her before she wakes up. We're getting out of here."

Iroh only nodded, carrying Azula as though she weighed nothing.

"W-where to, Prince Zuko?" Lieutenant Jee saluted, as if he hadn't been about to leave him and his uncle in the North Pole.

Zuko held down his frustration. For now. "Earth Kingdom. Doesn't matter which port, just get us out of here."

"Yes, sir!"

Zuko turned away, as the engines of the Fire Nation cruiser rumbled to life, and the ship began to pull away from the icy crevasse, gliding silently under the restored light of the moon. Away from this wretched place.

Staring at the moon, Zuko felt that it only proved him right. There was only one true way to regain his honour, and he was still out there somewhere. The Avatar.


Companion Lost!

{Zhao} has been lost. All companion-linked abilities and perks have been deactivated.

+ R +​


[Spirit Oasis, Agna Qel'a]

It was quiet now. Peaceful. The hour after a battle always was.

Trodden earth, scorched grass and broken bodies were everywhere... even the Spirit Oasis had not been spared from the battle. But at least, now it can start to heal.

My seven-foot-tall, armoured frame knelt right by the sacred pool, my joints groaning under the strain of my heavy armour. Carefully, and respectfully, I placed the revived Moon Spirit back into the water. The koi fish slipped from my armored hands, its pristine white scales glimmering as if it had never been harmed. It flitted into the shimmering waters where it joined with the now-pacified Ocean Spirit which had diminished back into its black koi form. They swam in a circle together, resuming their eternal, circling dance of push and pull as if thousands of mortals had not died in the past few hours for their sake. Typical spirits.

Under the restored moon, I sat at the edge of the oasis and gave the damn fish one more tired glare.

In the distance, a flying bison- who was likely carrying the Avatar and his friends- flew off into the night like the goddamn cockroaches that they were, but I paid it no mind. This battle was over now, after what felt like an eternity. Only the faint, ethereal glow of the Moon filled the air and my silent companion.

"I didn't expect to live through that," came a soft voice from beside me.

Princess Yue sat down, the pale light of the Moon Spirit reflecting off her snow-white hair, her purple parka still stained with ash and soot, but all in all, she was still alive and well. It looked like marinating the Moon Spirit in my 'Special Secret Elixir of Life' actually helped it somehow.

"Many, many unexpected things happened tonight." I let out a tired chuckle, voice deep and rough from exertion. My gaze moved back to the water, where the spirits of the Moon and Ocean. "But you becoming the Moon Spirit was not one of them."

"I guess it wasn't," Yue murmured, her slender brown fingers gently dipping into the cool waters of the oasis. Her touch seemed to calm the koi, swimming more sedately. And in turn, Yue's expression seemed to calm, lines of worry on her pretty face smoothening as the moonlight lit her brown-toned face. "It's strange… I've always felt connected to the Moon Spirit, but now… it's more than that. There's a stillness inside me, like time has shifted somehow. I feel… bound to this place, like I'm part of it now. Like I'm no longer just of the world, but tied to something beyond it…"

She paused, a quiet realisation apparently dawning on her.

"It's forever, isn't it?" Yue whispered, almost to herself. "My life… tied to the Moon Spirit. I've become part of its cycle. Endless."

My hand rested her shoulder and squeezed reassuringly. "But you're still alive," I focused, voice low. "Alive to watch over your people- to guide them."

"Like the Moon guides the tides." Princess Yue whispered, a soft smile ghosted across her pink lips, but there was still a slight tensing of hesitation. "It should scare me, the thought of living forever, and yet, it doesn't."

"The Moon does not rise into the sky each night fearing that it'll fall." I told her, "But also… I think you're braver than you believe, Yue."

That soft smile widened imperceptibly. "Thank you..."

I nodded, looking at the black and white koi fish swimming in the pond before us. "We can't let something like this happen again. We'll need to protect the identities of the Moon and Ocean Spirit."

"I don't see how we can." Princess Yue murmured. "Everyone had seen what happened."

"Perhaps, but they don't know what they saw." I said, "They'll be grasping for explanations, and we'll think of something to give them."

"And what will happen to them?" Yue quietly asked, "To Agna Qel'a? To my people?"

"Chieftain Essin, his grandson and you will manage the rebuilding process." I said, "Some Fire Nation ministers will come to oversee and advise, and I'll do what I can to divert more resources to speed up the process."

And yet, this quiet princess of the moon turned away from me. "I'm sorry, Khan, but… I don't think I can thank you for that…" Her gaze settled on her ruined home city, its once-proud homes and waterways riven with ravaged canyons and scorched craters- mass graveyards for the people she was supposed to rule. "No, not after all that's happened. After all the people we lost to your nation."

"And you don't have to." My voice was steady, but quiet. "But this city will rise again. It won't be today. It won't be tomorrow. But one day, you'll stand here and see Agna Qel'a whole, beautiful… alive. I swear it."

For proving that you care about her and her people even after conquering them…

{Yue} Reputation : 99 -> 100

{Yue} Obedience : 99 -> 100

+ R +

Reputation with {Yue} at 100! New Companion skill unlocked!​

[Moonborn's Serenade] – The moon sings a silent melody to those she favours. At night, as the moon waxes, your presence grows with its splendour, granting parabolically increasing bonuses to strength, constitution and spirit which maxes at 40% on the full moon. As the moon wanes, you fade into the periphery with it , gaining parabolically increasing bonuses to dexterity and intelligence which maxes at 40% on the new moon. This companion perk is only active at night, and you possess an unerring intuition of how much time there is before dusk or dawn approach.

+ R +​

Yue didn't answer right away. Just looked out at the ruins, at the city that had once been the jewel of the north pole- now shattered beyond recognition. Then, finally, she whispered, "Burn it down, and on its ashes, build something greater, huh?"

"Yes. And I'll carry on with what I believe in, regardless of approval or acclaim."

"I wish I was as strong as you, Khan." It was phrased like a compliment, and yet her voice was tender, as if she pitied me. "Carrying the burden of being the villain in everyone's stories. Even if the truth was never that simple."

"We came here to conquer, Yue. We're not heroes."

"But even then…" She turned to me, her ice-blue eyes gleaming in the moonlight, her words slipping out- too weary to be angry, too heartbroken to be anything else. "You really don't care, do you? That the world will never know the truth? That you marched across the tundras, through the frozen wastes- just to stop it from coming to this? That if it had been your choice alone, so many more of my people would still be alive today?"

"It does not matter."

Yue didn't speak after that. Didn't move. Just sitting there, her gaze drifted back to the koi. Maybe she was searching for something in the sacred waters, maybe reflecting on the future that she hadn't asked for but always knew would come to pass: Becoming one-half of the mortal incarnation of the Moon Spirit.

But as the silence stretched between us, I felt compelled to make a peace offering. So, I handed her a can of Red Bull. An absurd offering, considering I'd probably hooked the Moon Spirit on the stuff after steeping its carcass in it.

Yue blinked at it, then at me. For a long moment, she simply stared, as if debating whether to be exasperated or amused.

"Of course... Of course, this is what you'd offer me," She said with a shake of her head and a sigh that was almost a laugh. But she took it anyway, her slender fingers brushed mine- barely there, but deliberate. Cracked the can open for a sip. "Thank you, I've been feeling parched."

With a relieved sigh, Yue drifted her gaze upward to the moon, its glow soft and unbroken once more. And that's where we sat, quietly sipping the elixir in silence beneath the moonlight. Like a Moon Viewing festival, but with Red Bull. It seemed to work on calming her- the tension in her expression easing, her shoulders relaxing as if the weight of the world had settled just a fraction lighter. And even that faint smile returned to her lips. A rare moment of peace in the aftermath of chaotic battle- just a tiny break before the inevitable demands of the future would call us back.

"That cape suits you," she said, her eyes resting on the bright red fabric draped across my shoulders. "Almost like it was meant to find its way to you."

My hand reached up to touch the edge of the cape, armoured fingers tracing its smooth fabric.

(Relic) [Cape of Magnificence]

"Hold on to my cape for me, Khan."​

Woven in the most resplendent crimson red cloth, the Cape of Magnificence seems destined to be worn by those fated for greatness. Its golden thread trim catches the light just right, evoking awe and reverence in all who behold it.

Once worn by Zhao the Magnificent, Grand Admiral of the greatest armada in history, who transcended mortal limits to battle the Spirit of the Ocean itself. The cape is steeped in the spiritual energies of the epic clash between Fire and Ocean. The fabric seems to flare to life when the wearer is watched, with the very air trembling as the mantle flows behind them. This cape stands as an enduring symbol of Zhao's greatest triumph, but more than that... It is also his final gift for his closest friend.

+ R +

Effects:​

Imperial Gravitas (Passive): Become walking proof that looking good is an effective battle strategy… The wearer radiates an aura of awe-inspiring majesty. The wearer's influence on morale is doubled for all creatures within 200 meters (218 yards) or in line of sight, and tripled for creatures that are in both. This affects morale-based effects like the Shaken debuff for enemies, which imposes stat penalties, and the Inspired buff for allies, which provides stat boosts.

Attuned Relic: All Experience gain increased by 1%, and this relic item may manifest additional effects.

Usable only by: {Khan}

+ R +​

"I suppose it does seem like that," I said quietly.

Yue didn't reply. She simply leaned against me, the soft fabric of her purple parka-dress pressing lightly against the armored red bulk of my side. And for a while, neither of us spoke. The world had already said enough. But eventually, our time came to an end. The dark night sky gave way to the first red and orange hues at the horizon. The snowy-haired princess stifled a delicate yawn, her eyelids fluttering as the moon slowly faded with the approaching daylight. The night was retreating, and with it, so was she.

"I think... I think I need to rest now," she murmured, her voice soft and drowsy. She laid back on the warm grass, her white hair glowing faintly in the dim light, like moonlight itself. Then she spoke again, her voice was barely above a whisper. "And Khan?"

"Yes, Yue?"

"When you leave Agna Qel'a... You'll visit me, won't you?"

I turned to her, my sharp green eyes meeting hers, softening. "Whenever I can," I promised, standing slowly. "And I'll bring you books-maybe one about my travels. I think you'd enjoy that."

A faint smile touched her lips as her eyes drifted closed, her breathing steady and peaceful. "I'd like that a lot," she whispered, her voice now barely more than a sleepy breath. "Goodbye, Khan. Until next time."

"Until next time, Yue," I said, the words lingering in the cool air as I began to walk away, leaving behind the lonely Princess of the Moon.

The freezing sea breeze of the arctic blew through the city, and I instinctively tightened the [Cape of Magnificence] around my shoulders. But for just a brief moment that I did, the wind turned hot, and I thought I saw something shimmer across those embers.

A familiar smile, Zhao's ghostly smile flickering in the air.

But, just as quickly, the embers flew away, swept by the hot winds, up into the heavens. And as if in its wake, the first rays of dawn broke over the horizon, warm and golden.

And over Agna Qel'a shone the most magnificent sunrise.


- A Most Magnificent Sunrise End -​


Chapter 33 - Interlude of Water & Earth

~In which… All is now quiet in the North Pole front, but... ~​

AN:

This chapter occurs during... (ATLA Book 1, Episode 20 - The Siege of the North II).

The entire Kyoshi Warrior squad was supposed… to die here to prevent character bloat for the next arc. Which was the meta reason for why they were 'getting away' with stuff in the previous chapters, and also why I wrote this long omake which is basically the "Suki Route" of the story. That Aang-Suki fight was a lot longer, more tragic. But I was bonked. Lol, alright, Suki lives. I'll think of something else.

I dislike being critical of beloved characters, but… Rewatching the trio of episodes for the 100th time, I just realised that Admiral Zhao monologued about his evil plan to destroy the moon right to Iroh's face, and Iroh did absolutely nothing to stop him. Why wait until Zhao sacked the Moon Spirit before saying anything? Khan waited because he's outright evil and knows that Yue's destiny is to eventually become the Moon Spirit anyway. But Iroh? He's supposed to be a good-aligned character and ignorant to Yue's role/existence. Even I'm not sure how to spin his inaction as the decision of a good character.

Officially on Hiatus... This fic was supposed to be a procrastination fic from my other fics. I'm going back to them first before I start the next arc. Besides, I'm burnt out and no one wants to wait two months every chapter. (March-2025)
​
Last edited: Mar 15, 2025
By the Powers of Love and Friendship Undivided! ❤​

Forging a Waifu Harem: A Celestial Forge fic about a rabid technophile's quest to make gynoid waifus in Worm.
Dragonborn's Might makes Right: A ruthless and evil Waifu Catalog fic as the Dragonborn in the MCU.
Burn the World Down: A Gamer fic about dragging the world of Avatar to prosperity kicking, screaming and burning.

Story Update Polls and Advance Chapters available here: Patreon.com/Infonticus​
Like LikeReport
Like Reactions:You, Ghjikl, Kertnik and 1,433 others
Infonticus
Mar 13, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
 
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
 Not open for further replies.
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Restless1
 [NSFW] Bones Don't Burn (Avatar The Last Airbender SI)
Restless1 May 10, 2026 Words: 2.6k 1 2 3 avatar: the last airbender necromancy self-insert
Replies72
Views12K
Aug 17, 2026
abominable
abominable
HiddenMaster
 [NSFW] The Greatest Avalanche (Avatar the Last Airbender OCI, Butterfly Effect)
HiddenMaster Aug 20, 2026 Words: 7.8k avatar: the last airbender blind butterfly effect
Replies8
Views2K
Tuesday at 08:33
Doccer
Doccer
PerfectP: II
Locked
[NSFW] Avatar of the Seven Kingdoms (ASOIAF X Avatar: The Last Airbender)
PerfectP: II Apr 2, 2026 Words: 44k game of thrones harem jon is the avatar
Replies16
Views5K
Apr 11, 2026
PerfectP: II
PerfectP: II
PerfectPage
[NSFW] Avatar of the Seven Kingdoms (ASOIAF & Avatar: The Last Airbender)
PerfectPage Mar 6, 2026 Words: 8.3k a song of ice and fire avatar: the last airbender crossover
Replies3
Views2K
Apr 11, 2026
saganatsu
Ainzor
[NSFW] Fisting to Freedom (Avatar: The Last Airbender SI)
Ainzor Nov 12, 2025 Words: 12k avatar: the last airbender eventual smut self-insert
Replies23
Views10K
Nov 30, 2025
mossconfig
mossconfig
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit